## December 31, 1994
**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. Did you get last message?

**Q:** Yes, the last message was: We are happy to see more people here.

**A:** Yes. Say hello to M and Billy, Luanne, Glenn and others. You have visitors in ethereal plane because of holiday get together and we brought 4 here because it is time for exposure. Terry keep up, this is the night for important stuff.

**Q:** Okay, who needs to be on the board. You asked for Terry, can I trade with DM?

**A:** Okay.

**A:** Okay now. DM

**Q:** (DM) Hi.

**A:** Ease up on pressure. Very important: this time measurement year represents big changes.

**Q:** Changes of what sort?

**A:** Spiritual linked to physical on planet.

**Q:** I guess you are going to tell us?

**A:** Terry on board. Keep fingers on.

**Q:** (T) It's hard, you're moving so fast tonight. Energy's up.

**A:** Power is explosive. (Many spins around board.)

**Q:** (T) Well, happy New Year to ya'll, too!

**A:** We want you all to succeed this year.

**Q:** (DM) In what?

**A:** To send messages.

**Q:** (DM) Thank you.

**A:** DM easy on pressure.

**Q:** (T) You guys are moving so fast tonight we have to hang on. (DM) I'm just trying to keep up.

**A:** You're correct.

**Q:** (V) Are you guys ready for a couple of questions?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (V) This right here I picked up at the Tampa Metaphysical bookstore, (Holds up rock), it is supposed to be a piece of meteorite. What can you tell me about this? I was told that it's used for transformation.

**A:** Bogus. (Laughter)

**Q:** (DM) It's funny, the word came into my mind!

**A:** We are going through you and Frank tonight. Easy, DM. DM sell house this month.

**Q:** (DM) Yes! Can you give me a day?

**A:** 19th. Drop price 2,000 dollars.

**Q:** (DM) I can live with that.

**A:** You got it.

**Q:** (DM) Should I drop it or dicker it?

**A:** Drop it now.

**Q:** (V) Let's ask about this letter. I received a letter in the mail today that is really perplexing us all. Can you tell me what this letter is about?

**A:** Third party got ahold of privileged info.

**Q:** (T) Who is the third party?

**A:** Amos Sanders.

**Q:** (V) Is it my privileged information?

**A:** No. Consortium.

**Q:** (L) What is the intent of this letter?

**A:** 3rd party got your bio off files.

**Q:** (V) What files?

**A:** Computer grid.

**Q:** (T) What computer grid?

**A:** FBI

**Q:** (T) Has this letter been set up by the FBI?

**A:** No. Amos Sanders broke into system.

**Q:** (V) How am I mixed up in this? (T) Who is Amos? (DM) Maybe it's an acronym.

**A:** New license.

**Q:** (V) I just got a new license in November. (T) A driver's license? (V) Yes. (T) Is this the DMV computer system?

**A:** FBI.

**Q:** (T) Why is V in the FBI computer system?

**A:** You all are on file.

**Q:** (L) Is that "you all" as in everybody in the country or just us specifically?

**A:** You and others.

**Q:** (V) Well, what course do I need to contact... the police... what course of action do I need to take with this? This is fraud...

**A:** Ignore it.

**Q:** (T) Is this letter a set-up?

**A:** No Amos is "nuts." Crazy "genius." Breaks into files.

**Q:** (T) The guy mentioned in the letter is "Wilbur".

**A:** False name.

**Q:** (V) So this is in no way... this is not a threat to me financially or in the future legally wise... somebody...

**A:** But you are on FBI file.

**Q:** (T) Why is she on the FBI file? (V) Because I know too much.

**A:** Piano.

**Q:** (Terry and Laura) Piano? (V) I have a piano debt. Why would that be on the FBI file? (J) What? (V) Is there a warrant out for my arrest? (laughter) (T) Why do they have her on file for a debt for a piano?

**A:** Tracer. They know all and keep track of everyone and every thing.

**Q:** (T) Is there more to this than just general tracing of debt and license accessed by a nut?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (T) Well why, besides the debt, would they be interested in watching her?

**A:** Your activities.

**Q:** (L) In specific?

**A:** Metaphysical.

**Q:** (T) The FBI is watching people who are involved in metaphysics?

**A:** And UFOs.

**Q:** (T) Well, they always watch us UFO people... (DM) Are they watching people like Eddie Page?

**A:** Eddie Page file "one."

**Q:** (T) What is a file "one?"

**A:** Top priority.

**Q:** (V) Well, let's hope my file is a "200." What priority is my file?

**A:** Four.

**Q:** (T) What is a level "4" file?

**A:** 4th most important.

**Q:** (V) Well, what about Frank? (T) Is Eddie Page telling the truth?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (DM) What is he not telling the truth about?

**A:** Too many things.

**Q:** (T) So, his story is mostly false?

**A:** He believes.

**Q:** (V) Are these FBI files that have to do with metaphysical and UFO business and what have you, are they more than just the government? Are they connected to...

**A:** Are you listening?

**Q:** (V) Am I listening? Of course I'm listening.

**A:** FBI tracks everyone.

**Q:** (V) Okay, so just don't worry about it. (T) I can just imagine what my file looks like! (L) The computer systems are so advanced it is no trouble for them to even know what color toilet paper you buy. (Laughter) I mean, the checker at the store tells what color toilet paper you buy on your receipt... "Scottissue:blue"...

**A:** V prefers green.

**Q:** (L) Do you prefer Green? (V) Yes, but I have white. (V) Are you telling me I'm supposed to use green toilet paper? (T) They are perfecting 3rd level humor at 4th level. (laughter)

**A:** Joke.

**Q:** (T) You're getting good at it too! (DM) I'd like to know what they look like. (L) Did you read the transcripts? We already asked that. (DM) No, I haven't gotten to it yet.

**A:** We are light beings, we are you in the future.

**Q:** (L) Susanne K. talked to me about Al Bielek. Previously you had said that Al was an agent of the government disseminating disinformation for one thing, number two: that he knew that he was an agent of the government; there's a little confusion about his participation in the Philadelphia Project; I found a reference to him in an Ivan Sanderson book published some time ago. Susanne says that this poor guy just lives from hand to mouth, and she finds it hard to believe that he is an agent of the government since he lives such a poverty stricken existence. Could you comment, please, on Al Bielek and his activities. (T) Is Al an agent for the government?

**A:** Al Bielek is many faceted. Poverty is subjective.

**Q:** (L) Is he an agent for the government. (T) They say he is many faceted.

**A:** Yes. But he is in involved in activities.

**Q:** (T) In one session you talked about Al Bielek you indicated he was, um, not actually involved in the Philadelphia Experiment, that he was a technician on shore, and that he is now feeding out information that is provided to him, or that he had knowledge above and beyond his involvement with the experiment...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Okay, if he is working partly with the government and then partly for his own purposes, what is it that he expects to get out of this?

**A:** Exposure.

**Q:** (T) What does he want from the exposure?

**A:** He wants people to know.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that he is giving out some true information along with disinformation, so that the information itself can be gotten out, could it be that his intentions might be...

**A:** Confused thought pattern.

**Q:** (L) Is that my thoughts or Al's thoughts?

**A:** Bingo! Laura's.

**Q:** (T) Does Al know that he is giving out false information... does he know that the information the government is giving him is false?

**A:** He is so involved you would not believe.

**Q:** (T) He is involved with the government cover-up?

**A:** With all of it. He knows that what he is saying is false but he has no choice because he is entangled in the web. They are using him.

**Q:** (L) Ask about this letter Susanne sent from some source that states that Jesus was a mythical character.

**A:** No, Jesus was not mythical.

**Q:** (T) What about this information from this Acharya?

**A:** Babble.

**Q:** (L) What is the point of this stuff? It is very well done. Why are they trying to prove that Jesus never existed?

**A:** Nonsense. It is disinformation. Desinformatzia. Russki.

**Q:** (T) This is from Russia?

**A:** No, we were having some fun with words.

**Q:** Mirth! Mirth! (T) Are any of the people they are copying this to believing this stuff?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) Is UFO Library going to print this?

**A:** Who knows.

**Q:** (T) Well, I wouldn't be surprised if it is in there next month.

**A:** There is a lot of garbage in there each month.

**Q:** (L) Well, this is on a different subject, but, has M ever been abducted by aliens?

**A:** Yes, starting at age three. Do you remember "ghost at corner window" at 3 yrs old?

**Q:** (M) I remember something very vaguely. I think I told Frank the story. Something happened and I think I woke up screaming. I saw something. When was the last time?

**A:** At age 22.

**Q:** (V) How many times has M been abducted?

**A:** 23 times.

**Q:** (M) Will I be abducted again?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (M) When?

**A:** It depends on belief center.

**Q:** (L) I think it might depend on how much knowledge you acquire as to whether you will be abducted again or under what circumstances.

**A:** Grandfather let you in on secrets of life.

**Q:** (M) Yes, yes. He taught me a lot and I think that's what they mean.

**A:** He was a "Priority One Soul."

**Q:** (L) What is a Priority One Soul?

**A:** One who sacrifices life's pleasures to teach others. He was your teacher. You are lucky, M. He kept you from "trouble."

**Q:** (L) Who abducted M?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose of M's abduction?

**A:** To study his mind. He has a very strong mind and resolve.

**Q:** (L) Did they put an implant in him?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what do they do with that implant?

**A:** Is monitor. Frequent ringing in ear signifies monitoring activity.

**Q:** (Frank) Do you have frequent ringing in your ear? (M) Yes. (L) One ear more than another? (M) Yes. It is kind of a tone. (T) Last session when I was here you were giving us information on how to calculate when the wave is going to reach Earth. I was able to plot two of the four for distance, but two were constellations. I cannot plot those distances.

**A:** Check third most distant star in Cassiopaea and middle "belt" star in Orion, closest star in Leo. Welcome M to the board.

**Q:** (M) Well, just tell me what to do.

**A:** Hi, M. We are glad to have you here with us tonight. We have been trying to reach you for 18 years as you measure time.

**Q:** (M) Why?

**A:** You are destined just like the others and you know it inside. We have gone to great lengths to reach you. That is why you were brought together with Frank. Do you not remember feeling different back then?

**Q:** (M) What does that mean? (V) Well, when you met Frank did you feel different? (M) Yes, I guess so. (L) Anybody who meets Frank feel different! (M) Amen! Thank you! (J) I would like to point out that we have all male energy on the board. That is different!

**A:** You and Terry knew each other in last life, remember?

**Q:** (M) Well, no, I don't. (V) You would probably remember if you would start meditating. (L) You could have past life regressions. (T) He wasn't that guy that got me with the sword when I was in the British Navy, was he? Those cutthroats?

**A:** No, but on same ship! This is why you returned to England!

**Q:** (V) Why you returned to England. Were they brothers?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) M was born in England.

**A:** That you returned to sea. You love the water.

**Q:** (M) I'm confused. (T) So, M and I knew each other in our last life? When was this?

**A:** 1700's

**Q:** (T) We didn't have any other lives between 1700s and now?

**A:** Not for M. He was a sea captain with the same last name. You, M, are your great, great great, grandfather Simon E\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. (Break for New Years)

January 1, 1995 [Continuation of December 31, 1994 session after break for New Year celebration.]

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Cassiopaea calling. Sorrona.

**Q:** (L) And who are our guests?

**A:** You must network tonight as there are those who are awaiting your message as promised.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean do the board and transfer it to the network?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) Have you promised somebody else that you work through that we will.... (L) No, we promised on the network...

**A:** You did.

**Q:** (L) Frank and I promised that we would channel on-line. Yes, we logged on and made the announcement and the next day I had the wreck {auto accident}. I had been promised that my life would change suddenly and dramatically.

**A:** It is.

**Q:** (L) My life is changed?

**A:** Yes. In process.

**Q:** (L) We want to know who the ethereal visitors are tonight... (T) And have they left since all the noise started?

**A:** Mary, Laura, John, Ruth, Terence, Todd, Vance, There's a Ronald.

**Q:** (L) Is the Laura someone who is related to me?

**A:** Grandma.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody else recognize any of those names? (V) I recognize John, my uncle. Are each one of these names like a guide for each one of us?

**A:** No. Visitors. Attracted by energy center.

**Q:** (V) Have I had contact with John before?

**A:** Yes. Uncle.

**Q:** (T) Am I related to any... (V) My uncle that's just passed on?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is Terry related to any of these people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who?

**A:** Vance.

**Q:** (T) Who is Vance? (V) Do they have messages for us? (L) Who is Vance?

**A:** Great Uncle.

**Q:** (L) Do any of these people have messages for any of us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) About 5 or 6 weeks ago I was surrounded by a smell of ...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) It was my uncle Wayne?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) His name was John Wayne... (L) Has D\_\_ ever been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When was she first abducted?

**A:** Age 2.

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** 59.

**Q:** (V\_\_ and Laura) You got the record! (T) How many were physical?

**A:** Not correct thinking pattern.

**Q:** (L) In a sense they are all physical? How many of these abductions were virtual reality abductions?

**A:** Everything is that.

**Q:** (L) Well, how many of these level 1 abductions?

**A:** 9

**Q:** (T) How many were alpha state abductions?

**A:** Two weeks ago felt "tingle."

**Q:** (V) Well, two weeks ago was the night of the party at the book store in Tampa. (L) Okay, has Luanne ever been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** 17.

**Q:** (LE) No way. (L) When was the first time?

**A:** When lived in red house.

**Q:** (L) Did you ever live in a red house? (Billy) Yeah, we lived in a brick house. (L) How old were you? (LE) When I was five.

**A:** 4

**Q:** (LE) We moved there when I was four right before I was five. (L) Does she have an implant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does D\_\_ have an implant?

**A:** She has 4.

**Q:** (D) Has 4 implants?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where are they?

**A:** In brain.

**Q:** (L) In her brain? Ar-r-r-gh! (LE) I had lots of allergies. (D) What is their purpose?

**A:** Monitor.

**Q:** (L) That's what they all are, monitors. (D) But, why?

**A:** You are aware.

**Q:** (L) They want to monitor you because you are aware. (T) They don't have cable... (L) Is Susan going to be here shortly?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) We want to know what kind of energy is behind Budd Hopkins?

**A:** Divergent.

**Q:** (L) Is he on the right track in his research?

**A:** Halfway.

**Q:** (T) Is the Linda Cortile case a set-up to discredit him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Everything that she says happened really happened to her?

**A:** In 4th density.

**Q:** (T) Well, all the abduction stuff was in 4 D, but being pulled out of the apartment from the 17th floor or wherever it was, and being sucked up in the beam of the light, that actually happened to her?

**A:** In 4th density.

**Q:** (T) How did people in 3rd density see it?

**A:** Only those who were tuned in saw it.

**Q:** (L) Were there people there who did not see it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What or who were some of the people who didn't see it?

**A:** Not important.

**Q:** (L) Now, Whitley Strieber. (T) Can implants be removed?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the energy fueling Whitley Strieber and his work?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) He is an agent of the Grays?

**A:** No. Instrument of the Grays.

**Q:** (T) So, all his writing is compromised by the Grays?

**A:** Influenced by them.

**Q:** (T) Well, he says that, too. (L) Well, he now thinks he has learned how to be a companion of God through these experiences.

**A:** Wolfen reflects Lizzie reality.

**Q:** (L) Who's read the book, what's it about? (T) I saw the movie but I never read the book. I can't stand his Gothic style of writing. (L) I can't stand to read his stuff either. (T) I only got half-way through Communion and gave it up. (L) Well, let me ask, while we are on the subject of writing, is Anne Rice channeling her concepts in her vampire books?

**A:** She also is influenced by the Grays.

{I didn't like that answer because Anne is one of my favorite authors.)

**Q:** (T) What about Stephen King?

**A:** Carnal influences.

**Q:** (T) He's writing from his cojones, eh? (laughter)

**A:** Okay, Terry.

**Q:** (L) Are there any further comments or do you want us to go on line now?

**A:** Yes.

[break - lively discussion. Someone mentions to V that she projects a lot of sex energy from her lower chakras]

**A:** V\_\_, do not be offended, we are all learning.

**Q:** (V) Well, thank you so much for the honesty from everybody in the room, I really appreciate it. (LM) I wasn't being honest, don't blame me. (V) What chakra level is G\_\_ operating at?

**A:** Chakras are like escalators, you choose your step and rise accordingly.

**Q:** (G) Well, I was hoping they would give me a number. I don't know much about chakras.

**A:** Learn.

**Q:** (T) The whole thing is that we are supposed to learn for ourselves. They will point us in the right direction, but then we are supposed to go out and do it. If you don't learn it on your own, you don't really learn. You have to go out and fall off the log a couple times to learn to walk the log. (V) E-- just told me about something that happened. Can you give me some insight?

**A:** Imagination.

**Q:** (V) Are the boys fine? Are the boys okay?

**A:** Boys will be boys.

**Q:** (V) They thought they saw a witch. (T) Who was she? It was the neighbor lady again. (L) Where was she and what was she doing? (V) What do you mean over a car that just started? (V) Their imaginations are just going.

**A:** How do peyote users see Santa Claus? (laughter)

**Q:** (V) Are the boys doing drugs tonight?

**A:** Nope. (Undecipherable comment from G-- amidst laughter.) When did you last see this in Rochester, G--?

**Q:** (G) Never! [Much laughter]

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (V) That kind of smacks of Frank's "When did you ever see this in Half-Moon Bay, V\_\_?" (L) Where do you think Frank is getting it from? (V) Aren't we all being enlightened? (T) Is this...

**A:** Frank is channel. Others are grooving rapidly.

**Q:** (T) Others of us?

**A:** Yes. Forming conduit.

**Q:** (V) You were real happy to see all of us here together this evening...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Can we look forward to a greater group and a greater gathering as the year progresses?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Will it reach a point where there is too many people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Is this like a community gathering? A society?

**A:** A conduit.

**Q:** (T) If I am not supposed to be at Home Shopping, {employer} where am I supposed to be?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) Am I supposed to be doing another kind of a job or is there something entirely different that I am supposed to be doing?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to come to this awareness after he does some hypnotic work and processes?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) With meditation and metaphysical exercise, I can lift my chakras higher, is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Dedication?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is it all in what I perceive my purpose to be?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) [Indicating little plastic dinosaur] Do you like our little mascot here on the table?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (V) Do you have any messages for us before we say goodnight?

**A:** No. Goodnight.

**Q:** (L) Thank you very much.

END OF SESSION

