## November 16, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. How are you?

**Q:** (L) Well I guess we are fine this evening. Who do we have with us?

**A:** Roligea.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I have been reading recently about the shrine at Lourdes where the Virgin Mary supposedly appeared to Bernadette Soubirous...

**A:** Energy focusing center.

**Q:** (L) What kind of energy is focused there?

**A:** Positive due to consistent prayer patternings.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what appeared to Bernadette?

**A:** Imaging energy consciousness wave.

**Q:** (L) Was this image out of her own mind?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) The healings that take place...

**A:** Because of the concentration of positive energy.

**Q:** (L) What or who has been causing the apparitions of the Virgin Mary at Conyers, Georgia?

**A:** Deceptive field.

**Q:** (L) What energy is behind this?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Confusion campaign part of bigger picture and plan.

**Q:** (L) What is the bigger picture and plan?

**A:** Conquest.

**Q:** (L) How will that aid their conquest?

**A:** By dispersing knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Dispersing as in breaking apart or scattering?

**A:** Spreading thin. Confusion does this. You are being bombarded with confusion in this era.

**Q:** (L) A\_\_ had a dream where she saw some symbols and would like to know what the symbols represented in her dream.

**A:** One by one.

**Q:** (L) The first one:

**A:** Battle.

**Q:** (L) The second one?

**A:** Life force.

**Q:** (L) The third?

**A:** Spiritual union with higher planes.

**Q:** (L) The fourth?

**A:** Destruction.

**Q:** (L) The fifth one?

**A:** Fear.

**Q:** (L) What is the entire message?

**A:** Up to her to learn; remember if we tell you certain things you will not gain adequate protection for the time ahead.

**Q:** (L) I dreamed last night about a puppy belonging to my sister in law. As I was walking away in the dream, I turned back and saw a car run over the dog. It was quite graphic and I awoke very upset. What was the cause or purpose of this dream?

**A:** This one was not particularly pertinent.

**Q:** (L) Was it just a dream?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, relating to what we have been discussing lately. Did any groups of the black race, on their own, ever create a high civilization as has been reported by several archaeologists or other individuals.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) On their own without assistance?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who did they have assistance from?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Why have black people, in general, for most of recorded history, been living in such primitive conditions with such primitive mind set?

**A:** Isolation from modern interaction.

**Q:** (L) Why is this?

**A:** Karma. Punishment for past society which was cruel master hierarchical.

**Q:** (L) Are black people being abducted by the Lizzies as frequently as white people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why do we hear so little, if any, about this?

**A:** You hear little of black culture in general.

**Q:** (L) Are black people, within their cultural confines, aware of aliens and alien abductions?

**A:** Less aware and discuss it less.

**Q:** (L) We are aware that we are being manipulated by the media. We would like to know what types of methods do they use and what is their objective?

**A:** More precise.

**Q:** (L) What kind of technical means do they use to project mental manipulation by way of TV or movies?

**A:** Simple bombardment visual and verbal.

**Q:** (L) Do they use subliminal implantation of ideas?

**A:** Not needed most often.

**Q:** (L) The music that kids listen to, is there any effort to program them in this media?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they use subliminals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they use electronic signals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they use electronic signals on television programming?

**A:** Have but not that often.

**Q:** (L) Is there any signal being sent over the test of the emergency broadcast signal?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) If the Lizzies have been feeding off of us frequently and are planning to come and take over our planet, why, when they achieved their domination 300,000 years ago, did they not just move here and take up residence and be in charge?

**A:** No desire to inhabit same realm.

**Q:** (L) Why was this?

**A:** You are 3rd level they are 4th level.

**Q:** (L) Why are they planning to now?

**A:** They want to rule you in 4th density.

**Q:** (L) If the mother planet that the human race was seeded on originally, is burned up, or turned into a cinder, I would like to know how it burned up?

**A:** Star expanded.

**Q:** (L) Well, if the star expanded, it must have expanded recently, is that correct?

**A:** Time does not measure that way in that realm.

**Q:** (L) What realm is that?

**A:** Time/space warp.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by a time/space warp?

**A:** Too complicated but you already have some understanding of concept.

**Q:** (L) So, the star expanded and the mother planet was turned into a cinder. If this was the case, it means that it must have turned into a cinder very close to the point, using time loosely, when human beings were created?

**A:** You can't even use it loosely.

**Q:** (L) Would you help me out here. I'm trying to figure out why, if that planet was turned into a cinder, why were human beings seeded there... what was the point in being brought into being on a planet that was very shortly to become a cinder... a crispy critter...

**A:** Okay. Now: "Shocker" For you. It hasn't become a cinder yet.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What is it. You told us it was a cinder... burned up... what is the real story here?

**A:** It will be at the same "time" that you go to 4th density. The human race is currently being formed on D'Ahnkiar.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean that the human race is currently being formed on that planet? Is that because that planet is this planet?

**A:** No. That closes realm grand cycle.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that there are human beings being created on that planet at this current time...

**A:** Yes, you are. Your race is forming there.

**Q:** (L) How?

**A:** Realm crossing understand?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that there are 4th density bodies being formed there...

**A:** No. 3rd.

**Q:** (L) There are 3rd density bodies... are we going to leave the bodies we are in and go into other bodies?

**A:** You are drifting... Think carefully. Realm is derivative of reality. Cycle.

**Q:** (L) So the human race is being formed on this other planet at the present time...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And at the time of the realm border crossing, this other planet will then become cindered... burned up...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where will the human beings go that are being formed on that planet at the time of the realm border crossing?

**A:** Ancient earth.

**Q:** (L) They will go to ancient earth?

**A:** There is no time as you know it; its all just lessons for the collective consciousness.

**Q:** (L) So at the closing of this grand cycle everything will just start all over again?

**A:** Not exactly; you see, there is no start.

**Q:** (L) Are a lot of souls on the earth going to recycle into these new bodies coming onto the earth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) As ancient mankind?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And do the whole thing all over again?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, a lot of people are going back to square one?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is this punishment.

**A:** No. Nature.

**Q:** (L) Are some of the souls, at that point, going to move into a higher density level?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could you give us a percentage on this?

**A:** No. Open at this point.

**Q:** (L) Now, getting back to the planet, if at some point in the cycle, bodies were generated on this planet and brought to earth, who brought them?

**A:** Realm crossing.

**Q:** (L) It was not a who, it was a what, is that correct?

**A:** All is who and what.

**Q:** (L) Well, the other night you mentioned something about the Transient Passengers hauling these bodies off that planet and bringing them to earth, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, are these Transient Passengers Realms?

**A:** Yes. So are you.

**Q:** (L) Do you guys know what you are doing to the linear mind here?

**A:** Can of worms.

**Q:** (L) You said something the other night when we lost the tape about the expansion of the star being conducive to creation. Could you give us a little bit on that aspect?

**A:** Transdimensional Atomic remolecularization.

**Q:** (L) What is Remolecularization.

**A:** Being reassembled.

**Q:** (L) Reassembled from what to what?

**A:** Complex. Density collision.

**Q:** (L) Collision of one density with another. Which?

**A:** Learn 4 level assembly.

**Q:** (L) How?

**A:** Study.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that this was a point in space time when pure energy could form around a framework of a thought pattern and thus become solid matter?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is this transitioning of energy from higher densities into third density or solid matter kind of a traumatic event for universal energy?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Is it a form of death?

**A:** Death and birth are the same.

**Q:** (L) Was it a requirement to be on a planet with a dying star for this remolecularization to take place?

**A:** If 3rd density remolecularization.

**Q:** (L) So, for energy to go into 3rd density physical level... is energy moving down when it comes into 3rd level?

**A:** No. Upward.

**Q:** (L) What moves upward?

**A:** Molecules, atomic matter. Light is first density and unifies all densities.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that by us moving from 3rd density into 4th density that we are getting farther away from unification with the source?

**A:** No. Light and darkness unify all densities.

**Q:** (L) How many levels of density are there?

**A:** 7

**Q:** (L) When you reach the seventh level, how would you describe that if 1st level is light?

**A:** 7th is core of existence.

**Q:** (L) Well, if seventh density is the core of existence, would that mean that 1st density is the outer edge of existence?

**A:** Base.

**Q:** (L) When one has reached 7th density, then what does one do?

**A:** When one reaches 7th all do.

**Q:** (L) Are there any beings on 7th level?

**A:** Time does not exist.

**Q:** (L) When light is transferred to electrical energy, does it actually change density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it from 1st to 3rd when it becomes electricity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Once again, are there any beings on 7th level?

**A:** Big bang.

**Q:** (L) Big bang is at 7th level?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) So, when we all reach 7th level we will all blow up? We will all become one and it will all start all over again?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's not a pleasant thought!

**A:** Why? There is no time, you dwell there eternally. 7th is the light you see at death of the body.

**Q:** (L) So, when you die and leave the body, do you go to seventh level?

**A:** See it.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have a book over on the shelf called "Messages from Michael"... this entity says that souls are being continually flung off from some sort of soul generator somewhere in the universe... what was this source?

**A:** Entity at 3rd incarnate.

**Q:** (L) Was this information valid in absolute terms?

**A:** No. Souls are already created.

**Q:** (L) You mean from the first instant of time (excuse the term)?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, it all seems pretty amorphous.

**A:** Amorphous is perceptive.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask what is the source of the pain L\_\_, J\_\_ and I have been experiencing identically for the past week or so?

**A:** DNA changes.

**Q:** (L) And what is the source of these DNA changes?

**A:** Moving to 4th density.

**Q:** (L) How soon are we going to make it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) In referring to the Nephilim you used the term "forced insemination". How does this differ from "artificial insemination?"

**A:** No difference.

**Q:** (L) At the time of the tower of Babel it says that the Nephilim looked on the daughters of men and took wives as if there were some friendly interaction of some sort... does this mean they broke ranks and had feelings for their human "wives"?

**A:** No. Another deception of history. Picturesque way of describing genetic experiments.

**Q:** (L) Why did the sphinx look like a feline human?

**A:** Symbolism of feline energy.

**Q:** (L) Was this why the Egyptians worshipped cats or held cats in such high regard?

**A:** At root of this.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of this feline god?

**A:** Atlantean tradition.

**Q:** (L) Where did the Atlantean tradition of the feline god originate?

**A:** Superstition.

**Q:** (L) What was the superstition about?

**A:** Not important.

**Q:** (L) Well, it is possibly important because such an enormous monument was built to honor this god and I am sure the world would like to know what is at the root of this.

**A:** What is at root of Statue of Liberty?

**Q:** (L) A principle. So, a feline principle is at the root of the sphinx?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) It does not represent any alien beings, gods or goddesses?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And what was this god's name?

**A:** Endurra.

**Q:** (L) Why did the worship of this god or goddess stop?

**A:** Fizzled out.

**Q:** (L) You said that the Lizzies lived among humans for a thousand years. When, in our illusion of time, did this occur?

**A:** During peak of Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) And how long was the Atlantean civilization in existence?

**A:** 70,000 years

**Q:** (L) Was mankind living on the earth as a sentient being during the time of the large dinosaurs?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Transitory time warp.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever a time when there was a physical human race that contained within a single body both sexes?

**A:** No,.

**Q:** (L) Was the physical human race always two sexes, that is, male and female?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did Atlantis go down as a series of destructions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many cataclysms?

**A:** Three.

**Q:** (L) Were these cataclysms all caused by the same source?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And you said that the "flood of Noah" was the story of the final deluge and destruction of Atlantis?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And that was caused by what?

**A:** Venus.

**Q:** (L) I thought you said it was caused by Martek?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, how can it be caused by Venus if it was caused by Martek?

**A:** Venus also "caused" Martek.

**Q:** (L) You said that the earth, up to that time, was surrounded by a water vapor canopy, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And when Mars came by it overloaded the earth's atmosphere and it fell as a deluge, correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) When did Venus enter the solar system?

**A:** 80000 years approximately.

**Q:** (L) How many close passes to the earth did Venus make?

**A:** Seven.

**Q:** (L) Was Venus involved with the planet Kantek which you said exploded due to psychic energies generated by its inhabitants?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When L\_\_ took the Melatonin the other night, how come he was unable to sleep?

**A:** Adjusting to the melatonin.

**Q:** (L) Is everything going to work out for Frank in a positive way?

**A:** Eventually if he can withstand the rough period.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that once we have gotten through rough periods and established faith and patience, we don't have to do it anymore?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) How long is it seen that mother will be staying with this lady in Largo?

**A:** 4 to 6 months longer.

**Q:** (L) Why has A\_\_ B\_\_ not called me back about crop circles?

**A:** UFO grapevine gossip.

**Q:** (L) Saying what?

**A:** Your source is not valid.

**Q:** (L) Who started that grapevine rumor?

**A:** Two people.

**Q:** (L) Who are they?

**A:** F\_\_ and W\_\_. Ego again.

**Q:** (L) Well guys, let me ask you: did you start this communication because you wanted this information given out to the world in a general way? Or just simply because we were driven to have answers?

**A:** Yes. Both.

**Q:** (L) If we are going to get this information out, it should just happen...

**A:** Yes, but resistance and interference too. Persevere.

**Q:** (L) Well, with all this resistance and this grapevine it is real discouraging.

**A:** Not right people.

**Q:** (L) Well, can you tell me about a few of the right people?

**A:** Not problem. Just press those you have.

**Q:** (L) Okay, thank you and good night.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

