# 1994
## July 16, 1994
"Frank", "Candy" and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Do you have any messages for us?

**A:** Keep doing what comes naturally.

Q. (L) In what respect?

**A:** Study.

**Q:** (L) What is your name?

**A:** Mucpeor.[^2]

**Q:** (L) Are you an alien from another planet?

**A:** Alien from your perspective, yes.

**Q:** (L) What is your group called?

**A:** Corsas.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Casiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Where is that?

**A:** Near Orion.

**Q:** (L) I heard that the Orions are the "Bad guys." Are the Orion group bad?

**A:** Some bad.

**Q:** (L) Do you serve self or others?

**A:** I serve both.

**Q:** Are you bad or good?

**A:** Good.

**Q:** (L) What is your philosophy?

**A:** One.

**Q:** (L) What are you here for tonight?

**A:** Prophecy.

**Q:** (L) What prophecies?

**A:** Tornadoes Florida - several.

**Q:** Where else?

**A:** Also Texas and Alabama.

**Q:** (L) When?

**A:** Sun is in Libra.[^3]

**Q:** (L) What planet are you from?

**A:** Corsoca.[^4]

**Q:** Where is that?

**A:** 2 DILOR. [Some confusion about this as the planchette had begun to mover rather quickly and this is not complete.]

**Q:** What was that again?

**A:** You pay attention.

**Q:** (L) What else is going to happen?

**A:** Seattle buried; Japan buckles; Missouri shakes; California crumbles; Arizona burns.

**Q:** [Unknown question.]

**A:** Go to Denver airports.

**Q:** (L) When is all this going to happen?

**A:** Scandal - Scandal - Denver Airport.

**Q:** (L) What about the Denver airport?

**A:** Scandal.

**Q:** I don't understand.

**A:** New Denver airport.

**Q:** I don't understand.

**A:** Pay attention.

**Q:** Okay, we are paying attention. What are you trying to tell us?

**A:** Denver new airport big, big, big, big scandal.

**Q:** (L) What kind of scandal?

**A:** Government.

**Q:** (L) Specifically what?

**A:** You will see. Dallas airport is secret base; Orlando too; Miami Too.

**Q:** (L) What about Denver airport and how does it relate to prophecies?

**A:** Denver reveals the government. Look for it. Pay attention.

**Q:** (L) What else do you have to tell us?

**A:** Montana: Experiment with human reproduction. All people there - rays - radon gas.

**Q:** (L) How are they doing this?

**A:** Compelled - Don't trust - Don't ignore - too strong urges - sinister plots.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean? I don't understand?

**A:** Strong urge is directed by sinister plot.

**Q:** Plot by whom?

**A:** Consortium.

**Q:** (L) Who are the members of the consortium? Aliens? The government?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) All who?

**A:** Government and other.

**Q:** (L) Who is the other?

**A:** Unknown.

**Q:** (L) Why can't you tell us who is the other?

**A:** You know who.

**Q:** (L) Bob Lazar[^5] referred to the fact that aliens supposedly refer to humans as containers. What does this mean?

**A:** Later use.

**Q:** (L) Use by who? How many:

**A:** 94 per cent.

**Q:** (L) 94 per cent of what?

**A:** Of all population.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** All are containers; 94 per cent use.

**Q:** I don't understand.

**A:** Will be used. 94 percent.

**Q:** (L) Used for what? You mean eaten?

**A:** Total consumption.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by consumption? Ingested?

**A:** Consumed for ingredients.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** New race. Important. 13 years about when happens.

**Q:** (L) Why are humans consumed?

**A:** They are used for parts.

**Q:** (L) We don't understand. How can humans be used for parts?

**A:** Reprototype. Vats exist. Missing persons often go there and especially missing children.

**Q:** (L) Do we have any protection?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) How can we protect ourselves and our children?

**A:** Inform them. Don't hide the truth from children.

**Q:** (L) How does truth protect us?

**A:** Awareness protects. Ignorance endangers.

**Q:** (L) Why tell children such horrible things?

**A:** Need to know.

**Q:** I don't know how knowing this helps. This is awful. Why tell children such things?

**A:** Must know - ease pain with meditation.

**Q:** Why are you telling us this? It's awful!

**A:** We love you.

**Q:** Are we supposed to tell others?

**A:** Don't reveal to public. You would be abducted.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of this project?

**A:** New life here.

**Q:** (L) Are the aliens using our emotions and energies?

**A:** Correct; and bodies too. Each earth year 10 percent more children are taken.

**Q:** (L) Do they suffer?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Do they all suffer?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** What happens to souls? Is this physical only?

**A:** Physical - souls recycled.

**Q:** Where do the souls go?

**A:** Back here - most.

**Q:** Do some go elsewhere?

**A:** And go out of planet human.

**Q:** Who is responsible for this?

**A:** Consortium.

**Q:** (C) This is totally sick! I don't want to do this any more!

**A:** Sick is subjective.

**Q:** (L) But what you are telling us is so awful!

**A:** Understand, but all does not conform to your perspective.

**Q:** Why is this happening to us?

**A:** Karma.

**Q:** (L) What kind of Karma could bring this?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) What can protect us?

**A:** Knowledge.

**Q:** (L) How do we get this knowledge?

**A:** You are being given it now.

**Q:** (L) What knowledge do you mean?

**A:** You have it.

**Q:** (L) How does the knowledge of what you have told us help us?

**A:** Gives great defense.

**Q:** (L) What knowledge gives defense?

**A:** Just gave it.

**Q:** (L) What specifically?

**A:** Don't ask that not important.

**Q:** We don't understand.

**A:** Knowing about it gives psychic defense.

**Q:** How do we tell other people? And who should we tell?

**A:** Inform indirectly only.

**Q:** (L) How?

**A:** Write.

**Q:** Should we use hypnosis to uncover such memories?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Have any of us been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who of us sitting here?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** Frank - 57; Candy - 56; Laura - 12.

**Q:** (L) Why has Laura not been abducted as much? (Laura laughs)

**A:** It is not over.

**Q:** (Candy laughs)

**A:** Candy was abducted last month. Laura - 33 - [years of age or years ago?]

**Q:** (L) Who is abducting us?

**A:** Others.

**Q:** (L) What is the name of the group?

**A:** Different names.

**Q:** (L) Are we all abducted by the same group?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (L) What did they do to us?

**A:** Gave false memories. Made you inhibited child - headaches - sick at school.

**Q:** (C) Where is my implant?

**A:** Head.

**Q:** Frank?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** Laura?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) What are the implants for?

**A:** Study device.

**Q:** (L) To study what?

**A:** Soul composition.

**Q:** (L) Do any of the rituals we perform provide protection against further abduction?

**A:** Don't need protection if you have knowledge.

**Q:** (L) How do we get this knowledge?

**A:** Deep subconscious.

**Q:** (L) When did we get it?

**A:** Before birth.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything else we can do for protection?

**A:** Learn, meditate, read.

**Q:** (L) Are we doing what we need to be doing at the present?

**A:** So far. Need awaken. Must go now. Out of Energy. I must go.

END OF SESSION

[^1]:  A few weeks prior to this session, we had asked about aliens while sitting on the board. The word "Ra" had been spelled out several times, and we were completely puzzled by this until I came across an ad in a magazine for a book entitled "The Ra Material," that was supposed to have been channeled from an "ancient astronaut." I ordered the book, and read it. I immediately knew that this was important material and even though we were becoming weary of our long vigil at the board, when I read about the many years this group put into a similar project, I took heart and, instead of giving up, as I was tempted to do, we persisted.

[^2]:  This was an unusual name. Up to this point in time, the names we had been given had all been, more or less, familiar. Names like "Dave" or "John" or "Mary" were not uncommon with the "dead dude" type contacts. Some of them even used archaic, but still familiar names like "Agamemnon" or "Aquila." So, a completely unfamiliar name with no known connection was a first.

[^3]:  This remark about the "Sun in Libra" becomes extremely important later on, so it was interesting that this was brought up at the very first session.

[^4]:  The term "Corsoca" was one of the first "clues" about hidden things in our reality the Cassiopaeans gave that related almost directly to a particular written work. In Jacques Vallee's book,  Revelations  , at the beginning of each section, there are quotes from Cassilda's Song in  The King in Yellow  , Act 1, Scene 2, by Robert W. Chambers. The Song goes:

    Strange is the night where black stars rise,

    And strange moons circle through the skies,

    But stranger still is... Lost Carcosa.

    Songs that the Pleiades shall sing,

    Where flap the tatters of the King,

    Must die unheard in ... Dim Carcosa.

    Along the shore the cloud waves break,

    The  twin suns  sink behind the lake,

    The shadows lengthen... In Carcosa.

    So, of course, having just read this poem, I was immediately struck by the similarity of Corsoca to Carcosa. The reference to Twin Suns was also significant later on, but not of any significance to us at this point. Finally, considering the state of the world at present, the description of "Lost, Dim Carcosa" become particularly poignant.

[^5]:  Bob Lazar is a fellow who claims to have worked at Area 51 on retro-engineering alien space craft that had been captured by the U.S. government. He talks about his experiences in a video presentation that is well worth watching. In this video, he mentions having read a Top Secret-Eyes Only file on the subject of aliens, in which it was said that they repeatedly refer to human beings as "containers." This struck me as extremely curious, and I didn't think that the standard explanation of a body as a "container" for the soul was exactly what was meant. We had been discussing this video while sitting at the board earlier in the evening, so that is why the question was asked.

