## November 26, 1994
Frank and Laura, Terry and Jan

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Thank you for altering the board. {We had installed more punctuation marks} We worked on your psyches to get you to do that.

**Q:** (L) Well, you didn't have to work on our psyches to get us to do it. It makes things faster for us too. We wanted to do it.

**A:** Everything is interactive when it comes to the "collective mind."

**Q:** (T) "Endword" is for the end of every word not for the end of the sentence, so we can break the words up without having to do it... (J) I don't need it...

**A:** You will know the words as they come out.

**Q:** (L) Now for the questions...

**A:** Who am I Laura? You are slipping

**Q:** (L) Well, you told me last time that I didn't have to ask every time. Okay, who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Fun.

**Q:** (L) Your name is fun?

**A:** Silly.

**Q:** (T) We're being silly or we're just going to have a fun silly evening?

**A:** Laura needs to lighten up a bit.

**Q:** (L) Okay, can we have your name, please?

**A:** Murean.

**Q:** (L) {Attempt to pronounce} Glad to have you with us Murean.

**A:** Accent on 2nd syllable.

**Q:** (T) Well, tonight we have Laura, Frank and Terry on the board and Jan transcribing, is this okay?

**A:** Of course, Terry.

**Q:** (T) Thank you.

**A:** You are welcome.

**Q:** (T) Something I noticed from last Saturday night: what you need is the energy from us in order to make the board work. Its not necessary that one or...

**A:** You add energy.

**Q:** (T) I personally add energy?

**A:** And Jan.

**Q:** (L) Just by being here? (T) Well, I don't want to feel that I am usurping V\_\_'s position....

**A:** V\_\_ is at earlier stage in learning process, so less energy.

**Q:** (L) Well, V\_\_ is part of the group and is learning along with the rest of us, and we are all at different stages in one way or another. She has a great gift of healing which is definitely needed in the group. (T) And L\_\_ is a fisherman.

**A:** V\_\_ is more emotional like a "Gemini" lover. She gives better Reiki because she has this emotional power.

**Q:** (T) Well, I just don't want her to have hurt feelings or think that she is being replaced if I sit in.

**A:** Lighten up Terry.

**Q:** (J) I had a dream where I had vines growing out of my hair. I walked past a mirror and saw this and said "I'm going to have to get rid of this stuff!" Is there some significance to this dream?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (J) What causes my sinus problems?

**A:** Emotional repression.

**Q:** (J) Of what?

**A:** Feelings. Taught to be nondemonstrative in childhood.

**Q:** (J) There was a lot of repression of thought processes and creativity in my house as I was growing up. So what can I do to help my sinuses?

**A:** Go out and smash a few flower pots. {Much laughter.} Seriously. Harmless to others.

**Q:** (T) Well there is a whole bunch of them out there. (J) Should I identify the things I am angry at and name the flower pots as I smash them?

**A:** If she wants to. We suggested flower pots because you have a surplus. {Laughter}

**Q:** (T) We do, big time! {Someone suggests shooting them.}

**A:** Guns can cause harm unless extremely careful.

**Q:** (J) Why was Terry's mom so afraid of her cataract operation recently and why has she not yet healed and what can she do? (T) Too many questions. My mother just had a cataract operation and several other people in the family all had the same operation and all of them healed correctly and quickly. She is not healing correctly and she's scared to death that she is going to lose the sight in that eye. She was scared to death of this operation and she has had other operations which did not scare her.

**A:** Too many thought patterns.

**Q:** Why was she scared of this operation?

**A:** Her nature to be scared.

**Q:** (J) She claims that she has never been frightened of any other operation.

**A:** Incorrect.

**Q:** Is the eye going to heal?

**A:** If she changes her thoughts.

**Q:** (L) Have you given her Reiki in her eye? (J) No. (T) Well, go over there and do it this week some time.

**A:** Not recommended. She will resist strongly.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything Terry or Jan can do... (J) or what can she do...

**A:** Her lesson, not yours. Please limit inquiries of a personal nature.

**Q:** (T) It's a free will universe and they can't tell us. See, I read the book!

**A:** Good job, Terry. {Laughter}

**Q:** (T) I'm slow learning, but I do get the lessons eventually.

**A:** Not so slow.

**Q:** (L) Can we at least ask what kind of spirit animals Jan and Terry would have?

**A:** Jan, mouse. Terry, snake. {Laughter}

**Q:** (T) Does my snake totem refer to something about Lizards or dragons?

**A:** No. You have been told that.

**Q:** (T) Well, I like dragons because I am into fantasy books. I'm not really crazy about lizards.

**A:** Dungeons and...

**Q:** (T) Dungeons and dragons, one of my favorite games. Since I like Dungeons and Dragons, and kind of have this thing for that sort of thing...

**A:** We know.

**Q:** (T) We all have our hobbies. Why do I feel that there is a connection in my life to bladed weapons. What is the root of my liking for the medieval games and so forth?

**A:** Swords. Was killed by pirate in 1713.

**Q:** (T) Why was I killed by a pirate in 1713? (L) Because you were there. (T) Wrong place at the wrong time!

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) What was his name in that lifetime?

**A:** George Caldwell. Lived in Plymouth, England. Occupation: Navy.

**Q:** (L) Who were the group of pirates that he encountered that took his life?

**A:** British cutthroats.

**Q:** (T) What was my rank?

**A:** Leftenant.

**Q:** (T) What was the name of the ship?

**A:** HMS Siderail.

**Q:** (T) What type of a ship was that?

**A:** Schooner.

**Q:** (T) So, it was not a military ship, then?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Well, it was not a fighting ship. (L) They never used schooners for fighting ships.

**A:** Yes. Commandeered, L\_\_. {Laughter}

**Q:** (T) The British Navy commandeered this schooner?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is this listed in British Admiralty records anywhere? Is any of this recorded?

**A:** No. Covered up.

**Q:** (T) Are there still records about the navy personnel?

**A:** Yes. Go to London. Contact New Scotland Yard for access.

**Q:** (T) Who captained the schooner?

**A:** Ian Miller of Plymouth.

**Q:** (L) Was Terry married?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) How old was I when I died?

**A:** 23.

**Q:** (T) Did I have fun up to that point?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) Can you tell me about a specific game I played when I was in junior high school with other girls, specifically M\_\_ S\_\_?

**A:** M\_\_'s basement appears very dark. Candles or pinpoints of light. Words spoken in "ritual" fashion.

**Q:** (F) What did you do? (J) Yes. (L) You're kidding? (J) No. (F) What did you do? (J) {Laughs}

**A:** We are seeing scene you speak of in present "time". It is difficult to interpret as there seems to be an effort to "cloak" activities from others in a somewhat "sneaky' fashion. But, it appears to be an effort to influence events or cast "spells".

**Q:** (L) Were you? (J) Um hmm. (L) Did it work?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) You cannot get any specifics on this regarding words?

**A:** We can't decipher.

**Q:** (J) If I concentrated on it more?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Do you have something you want to share with us without us asking questions?

**A:** Clear vibrations. There is much interference at this time.

**Q:** (T) What is the source of that interference?

**A:** Many and varied.

**Q:** (L) Is it our tenseness or expectation about getting those words that created static?

**A:** Partly. But remember, the primary point of this communication is to bring information to all that is of universal importance as opposed to personal exercises and data. We want to clarify and expand upon previous statement. It is alright if you would prefer to use this forum for personal data and gain, because that is of free will. However, if you would like this connection to retain its strength and, in fact, increase, then it would be wise to limit personal inquiries because that is of the service to self realm and that realm is limiting and will eventually lead to contamination by forces that are oriented toward service to self, unlike this one.

**Q:** (L) I'm tired. Do you guys really need me here?

**A:** "The more the merrier."

**Q:** (L) Can I ask my question now?

**A:** Okay, Laura. Go for it.

**Q:** (L) The other night we were talking about the "Mark of Cain" and I lost part of the tape. I would like to go back over that a little bit more at this time. What was the true event behind the story of the "Mark of Cain?"

**A:** Advent of jealousy.

**Q:** (L) What occurred to allow jealousy to enter into human interaction?

**A:** Lizard takeover.

**Q:** (L) Wasn't the Lizard takeover an event that occurred at the time of the fall of Eden?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this story of Cain and Abel part of that takeover?

**A:** Symbolism of story.

**Q:** (L) This was symbolic of the Lizzie takeover, the advent of jealousy, and the attitude of brother against brother, is that correct?

**A:** Partly. The mark of Cain means the "jealousy factor" of change facilitated by Lizard takeover of earth's vibrational frequency. Knot on spine is physical residue of DNA restriction deliberately added by Lizards. See?

**Q:** (L) Okay, Jan is going to move her hand up my back and you tell her when to stop at the "knot".

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) You mean the occipital ridge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the configuration of the spine and skull prior to this addition?

**A:** Spine had no ridge there. Jealousy emanates from there, you can even feel it.

**Q:** (L) Do any of these emotions that we have talked about that were generated by DNA breakdown, were any of these related to what Carl Sagan discusses when he talks about the "Reptilian Brain"?

**A:** In a roundabout way.

**Q:** (L) Okay, at the time this "Mark of Cain" came about, were there other humans on the planet that did not have this configuration?

**A:** It was added to all simultaneously.

**Q:** (L) How did they physically go about performing this act? What was the mechanism of this event, the nuts and bolts of it?

**A:** Are you ready? DNA core is as yet undiscovered enzyme relating to carbon. Light waves were used to cancel the first ten factors of DNA by burning them off. At that point, a number of physical changes took place including knot at top of spine. Each of these is equally reflected in the ethereal.

**Q:** (L) Is that all?

**A:** No. But, do you need more?

**Q:** (L) Well, the question I do have is, how many people were there on the planet and did they have to take each one and do this individually?

**A:** Whoa.

**Q:** (L) How many people?

**A:** 6 billion.

**Q:** (T) That's 500 million more than there are now.

**A:** No, 200 million.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there were this many people on the planet, how did they effect this change on all of them?

**A:** Light wave alteration.

**Q:** (L) And light waves, actual light waves, affect DNA?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What was the origin of the light waves?

**A:** Our center.

**Q:** (L) What is your center?

**A:** Our realm. STO.

**Q:** (L) So, how did the Lizzies use the light from the Service to Others realm...

**A:** They used sophisticated technology to interrupt light frequency waves.

**Q:** (L) Well, what I am getting out of this that you are saying from what you are not saying is that it was almost like,... well, was there a battle and you guys lost?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this the same battle that the Pleiadians talk about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Not to go off on a tangent, but I have only come into this recently, you are the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are you also the Pleiadians?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Are you connected to the Pleiadians?

**A:** Yes and so are others.

**Q:** (T) You are all the family of light?

**A:** Yes. Exactly. You have been "doing your homework".

**Q:** (T) I'm trying to. Now, another force in what we term as the past, defeated you and used the power of the light in order to alter us in different ways, is this correct?

**A:** Yes. Now understand this: It is all part of natural grand cycle.

**Q:** (L) If this is all a part of a natural grand cycle, and correct me if I am wrong here, it almost seems as if you guys, the "good guys", and the other "bad" guys, that you just really kind of go at it just for fun, is that true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) But you say it is a natural thing or part of a natural grand cycle. Is this natural grand cycle just part of the interaction between light and darkness which just simply must be?

**A:** Yes. We are at "front line" of universe's natural system of balance. That is where one rises to before reaching total union of "The One". 6th level.

**Q:** (L) Do you like being at 6th level?

**A:** Do you like being at 3rd level?

**Q:** (L) Frankly no, I don't. (T) If you answer the question by asking the question, and we know that we are striving to reach higher, does this mean there are more levels above 6th level?

**A:** Yes. One.

**Q:** (L) Is that union with the one?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Now, the battle you had with the other side...

**A:** Are having.

**Q:** (T) This battle goes on... do you have the light power back?

**A:** Never lost it, you did.

**Q:** (T) Okay, I guess that for us the Lizzies are the main force even though they have others on their side...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) They took our light, not yours?

**A:** Not against you. Currently in union with you.

**Q:** (T) So we are but one battle in the universe in an overall, ongoing struggle?

**A:** Yes. Balance is natural. Remember, it's all just lessons in the grand cycle.

**Q:** (L) I am really curious... when you guys and the Lizzies "go to it", what do you do? I mean, you obviously don't shoot guns at each other and you don't have tanks...

**A:** Too complicated for you to possibly understand because you are not at 4th level yet.

**Q:** (J) When you are fighting, is it any way at all possible for us to detect the battle?

**A:** First: We don't "fight." Second, yes; it's nature as in meteorology and earth changes.

**Q:** (T) Your form of confrontation takes the form of physical changes in the atmosphere and environment of the planet?

**A:** And in space.

**Q:** (T) But that is how we detect it? The more activity, the more conflict is going on?

**A:** Remember, we are the light. They are the dark. We are both high level thought forms reflected at all levels of reality.

**Q:** (T) So, what we perceive, then, is what comes through to third density which is not what we would perceive if we were looking at it from 4th or 5th or 6th.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) We are talking 4th density to 3rd density. Is this what Hoagland is referring to when he talks about the tetrahedral form he has detected from the Martian structures he has been studying that he postulated...

**A:** Yes. This is a bridge to 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Isn't it a little unfair for you guys, at 6th level, to take on the Lizzies at only 4th level?

**A:** The "Lizzies" are the 4th level representatives of the forces of the darkness not the 6th level, and you are 3rd level representatives.

**Q:** (L) Is there a 6th level representative of the forces of darkness?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what is this 6th level representative known as, or called, or look like or whatever?

**A:** Orion in your "neighborhood."

**Q:** (L) The Orion's are 6th level STS beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they like you, thought forms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they ever appear in physical matter?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) And they are the driving force that controls the Lizzies?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is there some intermediary between the 6th level Orions and the 4th level Lizzies, such as a 5th level force or being?

**A:** 5th level is contemplation zone for both "sides".

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that at the contemplation level that there is no activity? (J) Is it like a "time out?"

**A:** Close. Balancer.

**Q:** (L) Is there a 3rd level representative of the forces of the light?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who or what are they?

**A:** Don't exist on your planet.

**Q:** (L) Do they have a planet of their own?

**A:** Have quadrillions of them.

**Q:** (L) Well, this is beginning to sound like we are in pretty bad shape here. This is like the Siberia of the universe as Gurdjieff said.

**A:** The Universe is infinitely huge.

**Q:** (L) If there are planets where there are 3D beings who are STS oriented, in other words, in a physical body, do they look something like us?

**A:** You are STS oriented. Did you really mean to say STO?

**Q:** (T) Is there a 3D race in this universe that is STO?

**A:** Yes. Already stated thus.

**Q:** (L) If there are planets with STO beings...

**A:** Some look like you.

**Q:** (L) What is life like on that sort of place? (T) They are not going to tell us that. That is something that we are going to have to develop to find out.

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (J) Is part of being STS being so appearance oriented as we are?

**A:** Not physical issue at 3rd level.

**Q:** (T) Who talks to me when I am having conversations with myself in my head?

**A:** You.

**Q:** Am I talking to other beings?

**A:** Have.

**Q:** Do we all do this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Does Laura communicate like this.

**A:** Has.

**Q:** (T) Does Frank?

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (T) Should I continue communicating with whoever it is?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (T) Are they connected to you?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Do you know who I am talking about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Can you tell me who they are?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (T) Why are they talking to me?

**A:** Trying to convert you. Remember, Terry, your chronic depression represents a "battle" zone.

**Q:** (T) I no longer am depressed and they are talking to me more. (J) They are trying to get you back into it. (T) but they are not doing anything to convince me to be depressed.

**A:** Watch out!

**Q:** (T) Can I turn them off?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Who is "Sing."

**A:** Leader of forces assigned to influence you.

**Q:** (T) Forces, as in many are assigned to me personally?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) How many are in this force?

**A:** Seven.

**Q:** (T) Do they do this because of the implants that are in me?

**A:** All part of process.

**Q:** (T) Do I have implants?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) These implants are what they use to control my emotions and amplify them so that they can feed off of them?

**A:** Not control, influence.

**Q:** (T) No, not to control; influence. But when, say, I get angry, then I'm angry for a short time but then I'm angry for a long time because they have used this technology to amplify and extend this; is this what they do?

**A:** Yes. Knowledge protects, ignorance endangers.

**Q:** (T) Can I feed back through their equipment what I choose?

**A:** Not necessary.

**Q:** (T) In other words, if I get angry and realize that I am being more angry than I should be, and I change that to something positive, and feed that back to them while they have their amplifiers wide open, will that affect them? Sour their milk, so to speak?

**A:** Now you are "fighting fire with fire."

**Q:** (T) Well, is that something that we are supposed to be doing?

**A:** Open. But what does phrase imply?

**Q:** (L) If you feed it back at them, in other words, what they are saying is, I think, when you feel yourself getting angry, the only way to stop the whole thing is to stop being angry and be happy or at peace. When you are happy and at peace there is not in you the desire to send anything back.

**A:** Bingo.

**Q:** (J) Redirect the energy into something positive. (F) You can't fight fire with fire. (LM) Well, actually you can in reality. (T) What I am getting at is, is it possible to do that, to change the emotional state to something more positive than what they are expecting and feed that back to them. Is that a possibility?

**A:** Why.

**Q:** (T) Just to give them a taste of their own for a change. (J) Do you want to antagonize them? You are still feeding them your energy. (L) The only change you could really have would be the opposite emotion which would be peace and if you are truly feeling peace...

**A:** 4th density STSers feed off negative energy.

**Q:** (J) So, give them nothing. (T) But what I am thinking about is the energy... I have a natural... They are feeding off negative energy. They put something in me, some technological thing, because they come into 3rd density to mess with us...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) ...that will amplify this for them. Make it even stronger.

**A:** Analogy follows: How effective is a light socket without a plug in it?

**Q:** (T) Well, how effective is a light socket without a socket in it... I'm trying to learn here so you guys give me some latitude.

**A:** What?

**Q:** (T) If you take a light socket and pull the socket... pull the plug on the light socket you no longer have light. (L) Well, the Lizzies are the light bulb and you are the power source so you just pull out their plug. (J) Unplug yourself. (T) Am I the socket?

**A:** How effective is a motor that is never turned on?

**Q:** (J) Do not be their source. If they feed off negative energy, starve them.

**A:** Implants are ineffective if not used.

**Q:** (J) The power source has to be on for the implant to work for them to get the juice and the power is negative thoughts and emotions. (T) But I am still a 3rd density being. I have all the emotions of a 3rd density being, the whole gamut, and that is part of what makes me a 3rd density being. Therefore I can't turn one emotion off without upsetting the balance of the other emotions, emotions are almost an analogy to the light and the dark.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) I have positive emotions and I have negative emotions; they both make up who I am.

**A:** If you choose, you may have only positive emotions.

**Q:** (T) Now, if I have only positive emotions, which is a nice thing to have and I'd like to have that, what does that do to the sensor equipment of the Lizzies?

**A:** Cancels them.

**Q:** (T) So they are tuned to negative frequencies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Having positive feelings cuts off the implants. If I cut off the sensors by having positive feelings, what will the Lizards do?

**A:** Go elsewhere.

**Q:** (L) Am I correct in my thought that when you first start turning this off that they may increase their efforts for a period and then finally they realize that you are really in charge here and then they go away?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) So, when you first get a clue and you start getting a grip on your emotions and dealing with everything that happens to you with acceptance and knowledge that all is a manifestation of your own creation and for your ultimate good, for a period of time they may try ten times harder to get you back as a food source, but then once they realize they can't, then they do finally let loose?

**A:** You and Frank are experiencing this right now.

**Q:** (L) This is true. (F) We have both been under massive attack. Just doing this work has been a struggle to keep at it with everything coming from every direction. (L) The hardest has been to stay in a frame of mind to do it. (J) Am I under attack?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (T) Is what I have been under the past few months the first assault?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Now they are trying to sweet talk me?

**A:** Only first assault.

**Q:** (T) So, the more positive I become, the more they are going to continue trying, and I am assuming that because you said I have seven beings of some kind assigned to me, that they find something interesting in me that they want to keep?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Should it make me happy that they think I am important enough to have seven beings assigned to me personally? Should I take that as a complement?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Is Terry's level of negativity what makes him attractive to them? His capability for strong negativity?

**A:** Vice versa.

**Q:** (J) Please explain. (L) Well, what did they say, is his negativity what makes him attractive, No. He has attracted them and that is what makes him negative? So what makes him attractive to them?

**A:** Not attractive, a threat.

**Q:** (L) Now, that is a point. I think there are a lot of people they start working on very early in life because they do like an aura reading or aura scan and determine, and know that a person has potential for great light so they start working on them when they are young and defenseless to try and take them out of the game, so to speak. (F) Not only great good, but also potential for knowledge. (L) Is this the case here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) There you go. It isn't your potential for negativity, it is your potential for good.

(F) Right. If you look around you, you will see the mainstream of society, and they just seem to move through life and enjoy wallowing in materiality, these people don't seem to suffer as much.

(L) There seems to be two classes of people the Lizzies like to go after, extremely weak ones and those they haul off and eat or experiment on; and those who have potential strength and positivity.

(F) To give you an example is, the people they don't attack are those who they already have and they don't have to work on them. If you have the potential to rise above the service to self orientation, then you are a threat. And, if you look around at most of the people who are "making it" in this world, those are the ones that are usually the most viciously service to self.

(T) Very true.

(J) That's the way it is.

(L) And how many times have you heard these "New Age" teachers talk about "well, if your impression of people who have material possessions is that they are negative, then you are bringing this on yourself and you will just have to concentrate on prosperity more," that is, in a roundabout way promoting a very service to self philosophy. It's not that having things is bad, it's not that money is evil, it's the focus on it over and above helping others.

(T) I want to tell a little story. A guy I work for is a "Born again Christian." Only a year and a half born again. He's hobbying at it. He's looking for a lifestyle. He was pooh-poohing metaphysics and New Age philosophies in general saying: "New Age! That's the devil's work!" He has no idea what it is, but he is shutting it down because someone told him to shut it down and he is doing it to be part of the Lifestyle. I said: "Where do you get this stuff?" He said: "It's in the Bible." I said: "What do you mean it's in the Bible?" He said: "Well, it's in the books." So, I asked: "Well, where did the books come from? Some of them were written many hundreds of years ago and the New Testament books were written hundreds of years after Christ lived, that is, after the fact."

So, he said: "See, those who wrote the Bible didn't really write it, they got it from the Holy Spirit." So, I say, okay, I can buy that. The Holy Spirit wrote the Bible. I can follow this. Fine. I ask him: "How do they know this was the Holy Spirit?" And I'm only bringing up a question, I am not putting him down. So, he comes back and says: "Well, the books say the Holy Spirit came down and did this, and since it is in the book, it must be true." I said: "Wait a minute. The Holy Spirit came down and wrote these books through these people, gave them this information and helped them do this, and wrote in the book that it was the Holy Spirit that did this, therefore it makes it true because whoever brought this information said they brought this information. But, on a whole different level, the Holy Spirit brought this information to these people, and they didn't write the books, did they not "channel" these books?" And he stopped there and it was like: "Well, I never thought of it that way."

And I said: "Well, you just said that all of this was of the Devil, New Age, paranormal events, UFOs, the Rolling Stones..." So, he thought about it for a minute and then he said: "But it's okay. It was the "right" channel!" And I say: "Wait a minute! Slow down here! Take this home and think about it for a few days. These books that you are putting your faith in, that you don't know where they came from, were channelled to people by means that you say are the devil's work if anybody else does it. And, the only reason you are accepting these works is because, IN these works it says that it was the Holy Spirit that did it, but it was the Holy Spirit that told them to do this."

(F) And it was the Holy Spirit that told them that it was the Holy Spirit.

(T) Yeah, right! I told him: "Think about it. Just THINK about what you are saying." But he is just not seeing it.

(L) It's hypnosis.

(T) And, he's looking for a lifestyle. He talks about: "I heard this great group the other day, they're a Christian band". And a couple days later: "Hey, did you hear such and such, they're a Christian Band." I said: "Gee, James, know any good Moslem bands?" I told him I liked Garrison Keilor and he said: "That's a Christian show." I said: "Where did you get that?" He said: "Well, my pastor said he was because he's from Minnesota!"

(F) Well, there are two points that this brings up. The first is that circular thinking and this whole idea is following what others tell you or what has been written without questioning it. You are not supposed to think. And then, the second thing, this source said once way back: "Don't take anything at face value, including this." Part of the light of knowledge is that you would always be open to new information.

(L) Well, that is the parable of the talents. I keep hammering on that one and one of these days I am going to write a little monograph on the parables of Jesus. The parable of the talents is prefaced by the phrase: "Now, knowledge of the kingdom is like unto a certain man who went on a journey..." and he called his three servants together and gave them each a certain number of talents. The talents represent knowledge. Two of the servants invested their talents. They were willing to take risks and give up what they had to get more. The third was afraid of losing the little he had and he buried his talent. So, the two increased their knowledge by repeatedly giving up and getting back more. The master came back and the two showed how they had made a killing on the market and the master was pleased. But the servant who had buried his talent said: "Master, I knew you were a hard man and you reaped where you did not sow and I was afraid..." The master cast him into outer darkness. And, remember, remember, remember, we are talking about knowledge. He took his little bit of knowledge and he closed himself off and hung onto that little bit for dear life...

(F) Yet another demonstration of service to self. He buried it so he could have it instead of sharing it. It is continually reflected over and over. Everybody out there has their one little talent and they are all burying it for dear life.

(T) Okay. Where were we. Just by being positive will shut off the Lizzies desire to mess with me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) That's all there is to it? But the implants will still be there?

**A:** So what?

**Q:** (T) Do the implants do anything besides transmit the frequency?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) And, as long as I am being negative it is transmitting and they can track me that way?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) If I shut them off by being positive, they can't track me any longer?

**A:** Can track but not influence.

**Q:** (T) Why did they tell me that I gave them permission to do it when they abduct me?

**A:** "Bullshit!"

**Q:** (T) If I tell them it's bull will they leave me alone?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) If I shut them off will they continue to abduct me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) I am not buying into the victim line. (L) There is another aspect here. Knowledge breeds awareness which gives you the ability to detect it when they try to influence you in very subtle ways so that you can begin to control your mind and resist early on and that is the key.

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) And you have to persist with positive thoughts and feelings sometimes in the face of incredible adversity. No one said it was going to be easy, but it is worth it. (T) Are my Tarot cards telling me the truth?

**A:** Maybe. Enough on this subject, please.

**Q:** (T) One last question. How do I know you are telling me the truth?

**A:** Open. For you to decide. Listen: Revelations follow. Now would be a good "time" for you folks to begin to reexamine some of the extremely popular "Earth Changes" prophecies. Why, you ask. Because, remember, you are third density beings, so real prophecies are being presented to you in terms you will understand, I.E. physical realm, I.E. Earth changes. This "may" be symbolism. Would most students of the subject understand if prophecies were told directly in fourth density terms?

**Q:** (L) Is this comparable to my idea about dream symbolism. For example, the dream I had about the curling cloud which I saw in a distance and knew it was death dealing and I interpreted it to be a tornado, but it was, in fact, a dream of the Challenger disaster. I understood it to be a tornado, but in fact, what I saw was what I got, a death dealing force in the sky, a vortex, in the distance. I guess my dream was a fourth density representation but I tried to interpret it in terms I was familiar with. Is this what you mean?

**A:** Close. But it is easy for most to get bogged down by interpreting prophecies in literal terms.

**Q:** (L) Is there more information you plan to deliver on this subject?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask a quick one. Did the Gulf Breeze Six, as they are called, who were supposedly receiving information via the Ouija board, did they receive prophetic information of some sort?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And, from what source did they receive this information?

**A:** Mixed.

**Q:** (L) Was their information accurate?

**A:** Mixed.

**Q:** (L) Why were they, their board, their transcripts and so forth confiscated? {The rumor was that they were shut down by the military and their work confiscated and classified.}

**A:** Paranoia.

**Q:** (L) In terms of these Earth Changes, Edgar Cayce is one of the most famous prognosticators of recent note, a large number of the prophecies he made seemingly were erroneous in terms of their fulfillment. For example, he prophesied that Atlantis would rise in 1969, but it did not though certain structures were discovered off the coast of Bimini which are thought by many to be remnants of Atlantis. These did, apparently, emerge from the sand at that time.

**A:** Example of one form of symbolism.

**Q:** (L) Well, in terms of this symbolism, could this be applied to the remarks you made about the two little boys who were missing in South Carolina.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And the symbolism was that you were reading the event from 3rd density into sixth density terms and then transmitting it back into 3rd, and while the ideation was correct, the exact specifics, in 3rd density terms, were slightly askew. Is that what we are dealing with here?

**A:** 99.9 per cent would not understand that concept. Most are always looking for literal translations of data. Analogy is novice who attends art gallery, looks at abstract painting and says "I don't get it."

**Q:** (L) Well, let's not denigrate literal translations or at least attempts to get things into literal terms. I like realistic art work. I am a realist in my art preferences. I want trees to look like trees and people to have only two arms and legs. Therefore, I also like some literalness in my prognostications.

**A:** Some is okay, but, beware or else "California falls into the ocean" will always be interpreted as California falling into the ocean.

**Q:** [General uproar] (F) Wait a minute, what was the question?

(L) I just said I liked literalness in my prophecies.

(F) Oh, I know what they are saying. People believe that California is just going to go splat and that Phoenix is going to be on the seacoast, never mind that it's at 1800 feet elevation, it's just going to drop down to sea level, or the sea level is going to rise, but it's not going to affect Virginia Beach even though that's at sea level. I mean... somehow Phoenix is just going to drop down and none of the buildings are going to be damaged, even though its going to fall 1800 feet...

(T) Slowly. It's going to settle.

(F) Slowly? It would have to be so slowly it's unbelievable how slowly it would have to be.

(T) It's been settling for the last five million years, we've got a ways to go in the next year and a half!

(F) Right! That's my point.

(T) In other words, when people like Scallion and Sun Bear and others say California is going to fall into the ocean, they are not saying that the whole state, right along the border is going to fall into the ocean, they are using the term California to indicate that the ocean ledge along the fault line has a probability of breaking off and sinking on the water side, because it is a major fracture. We understand that that is not literal. Are you telling us that there is more involved here as far as the way we are hearing what these predictions say?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are we understanding what you are saying?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) So, when we talk about California falling into the ocean, we are not talking about the whole state literally falling into the ocean?

**A:** In any case, even if it does, how long will it take to do this?

**Q:** (LM) It could take three minutes or three hundred years. (T) Yes. That is "open" as you would say.

**A:** Yes. But most of your prophets think it is not open.

**Q:** (J) Yeah, because they think they have the only line on it. (T) Okay. So they are thinking in the terms that one minute California will be there and a minute and a half later it will be all gone. Is this what you are saying?

**A:** Or similar.

**Q:** (T) So, when we are talking: "California will fall into the ocean, which is just the analogy we are using, we are talking about, as far as earth changes, is the possibility that several seismic events along the fault line, which no one really knows the extent of...

**A:** Or it all may be symbolic of something else.

**Q:** (L) Such as? (J) All the fruitcakes in California are all going to go off the deep end together. (L) Symbolic of what?

**A:** Up to you to examine and learn.

**Q:** (L) Now, wait a minute here! That's like sending us out to translate a book in Latin without even giving us a Latin dictionary.

**A:** No it is not. We asked you to consider a reexamination.

**Q:** (L) You have told us through this source, that there is a cluster of comets connected in some interactive way with our solar system, and that this cluster of comets comes into the plane of the ecliptic every 3600 years. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes. But, this time it is riding realm border wave to 4th level, where all realities are different.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so the cluster of comets is riding the realm border wave. Does this mean that when it comes into the solar system, that its effect on the solar system, or the planets within the solar system, (Jan or us), may or may not be mitigated by the fact of this transition? Is this a mitigating factor?

**A:** Will be mitigated.

**Q:** (T) Is this what the Star Trek movie, "Generations" is telling us?

**A:** Possible.

**Q:** (T) Are you or someone in the Federation influencing the writers of that program?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Does any of this mean that the earth changes that have been predicted, may not, in fact, occur in physical reality as we understand it?

**A:** You betcha.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that all of this running around and hopping and jumping to go here and go there and do this and do that is...

**A:** That is strictly 3rd level thinking.

**Q:** (L) Now, if that is 3rd level thinking, and if a lot of these things are symbolic, I am assuming they are symbolic of movement or changes in energy.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, if these changes in energy occur does this mean that the population of the planet are, perhaps, in groups or special masses of groups, are they defined as the energies that are changing in these descriptions of events and happenings of great cataclysm. Is it like a cataclysm of the soul on an individual and or collective basis?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) When the energy changes to 4th density, and you have already told us that people who are moving to 4th density when the transition occurs, that they will move into 4th density, go through some kind of rejuvenation process, grow new teeth, or whatever, what happens to those people who are not moving to 4th density, and who are totally unaware of it? Are they taken along on the wave by, in other words, piggy-backed by the ones who are aware and already changing in frequency, or are they going to be somewhere else doing something else?

**A:** Step by step.

**Q:** (T) In other words, we are looking at the fact that what's coming this time is a wave that's going to allow the human race to move to 4th density?

**A:** And the planet and your entire sector of space/time.

**Q:** (T) Is that what this whole plan is about, then, if I may be so bold as to include all of us here in this. We, of the beings of light who have come here into human form, to anchor the frequency, is this what we are anchoring it for, for this wave, so that when it comes enough of us will be ready, the frequency will be set, so that the change in the planet can take place as it has been planned?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When this happens, will we piggy-back all those who are still unaware?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Okay, when the people are talking about the earth changes, when they talk in literal terms about the survivors, and those who are not going to survive, and the destruction and so forth and so on, in 3rd, 4th, 5th level reality we are not talking about the destruction of the planet on 3rd level physical terms, or the loss of 90 per cent of the population on the 3rd level because they died, but because they are going to move to 4th level?

**A:** Whoa! You are getting "warm."

**Q:** (T) Okay. So, we are anchoring this. So, when they talk about 90 per cent of the population not surviving, it is not that they are going to die, but that they are going to transform. We are going to go up a level. This is what the whole light thing is all about?

**A:** Or another possibility is that the physical cataclysms will occur only for those "left behind" on the remaining 3rd level density earth.

**Q:** (T) Okay, what you are saying, then, is that we are anchoring the frequency, so that when the wave comes, we move to 4th level density as many people as possible, in order to break the hold the "Dark T-shirts" have got on this planet, those who remain behind will not have enough energy left for the "Dark T-shirts" to bother with the planet any longer. There will be less of them so the planet will be able to refresh and they will be able to move on in their lessons without interference?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) At this point of dimensional transition, is what we are doing, anchoring a frequency, are we creating a sort of "super string" network that will literally create another earth in 4th density, which will then exist in 4th density, and the old 3rd density earth -- almost like the splitting of a one celled organism, only in this splitting one half of it moves into another dimension and is energized and quite literally created by the anchoring frequency, while the old one remains and experiences 3rd density reality?

**A:** Step by step.

**Q:** (L) Are we anchoring frequency to create a split?

**A:** One developing conduit.

**Q:** (L) We are developing a conduit?

**A:** Yes. One.

**Q:** (J) How many conduits do we need?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is this conduit going to allow those who remain behind to be able to move to 4th density easier when they are ready?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) What is the conduit for?

**A:** You and those who will follow you.

**Q:** (T) Oh, this is for those of us who will move to 4th density. We will move through and they will follow us through the conduit. (J) Oh, others who are ready?

**A:** Your group here tonight.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean we will have followers or just us here now?

**A:** Open. Up to you.

**Q:** (L) This conduit. Is this a conduit through which an entire planet will transition?

**A:** You are one. There are others.

**Q:** (L) There are other planets...

**A:** No. Conduit.

**Q:** We are one conduit and there are conduits...

**A:** No. Developing at this point.

**Q:** (J) So, at this point we are developing a conduit?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) There are other groups on this planet developing their own conduits?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) These are conduits for us to move to 4th density in?

**A:** Knowledge is the key to developing a conduit.

**Q:** (T) I am working on the assumption that all of us here are part of the family of light, is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And we have been drawn together in order to develop this conduit from where we are?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are there others in this area?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are they supposed to join with us or are they working on their own?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Okay, so it is up in the air as to whether we join with them, they join with us, or we all work independently.

**A:** It is up to how much publicity you manage to get.

**Q:** (T) Do we want publicity on this?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Would it help us?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) We're developing a conduit to move us from 3rd density to 4th density. Once we have moved through the conduit does that mean we have completed what we came here to do, and that is anchor the frequency?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (T) Is the conduit kind of like an escape hatch for us?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Let me get this straight. When we move through this conduit, are the other...

**A:** You will be on the 4th level earth as opposed to 3rd level earth.

**Q:** (L) What I am trying to get here, once again, old practical Laura, is trying to get a handle on practical terms here. Does this mean that a 4th density earth and a 3rd density earth will coexist side by side...

**A:** Not side by side, totally different realms.

**Q:** (L) Do these realms interpenetrate one another but in different dimensions...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, a being from say, 6th density, could look at this planet we call the earth and see it spinning through space and see several dimensions of earth, and yet the point of space/time occupation is the same, in other words, simultaneous. (J) They can look down but we can't look up.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, while all of this cataclysmic activity is happening on the 3rd dimensional earth, we will be just on our 4th dimensional earth and this sort of thing won't be there, and we won't see the 3rd dimensional people and they won't see us because we will be in different densities which are not "en rapport", so to speak?

**A:** You understand concept, now you must decide if it is factual.

END OF SESSION

