## October 18, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us your name and opening statement?

**A:** Dedeba. Hello.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** Cassiopaean.

**Q:** (L) Why do you not seem to have as much energy as the others?

**A:** Slow at first. Builds.

**Q:** (L) Has someone of you been looking over my shoulder during the day and reading the questions I have been preparing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you prepared to answer my questions fully and completely tonight?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you a male or female?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Are all Cassiopaeans both male and female?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do you reproduce in anyway?

**A:** We are Light.

**Q:** (L) Have the Cassiopaeans ever been in physical bodies?

**A:** Ever is subjective.

**Q:** (L) Okay, at any point in space time have you occupied physical bodies?

**A:** Have, will and do.

**Q:** (L) Are you talking about the simultaneous past present and future?

**A:** Omnipresent.

**Q:** (L) Are you part of the collective subconscious, unconscious, or consciousness?

**A:** Too vague.

**Q:** (L) Are you part of our higher consciousness?

**A:** So is everything else.

**Q:** (L) Are you prepared for my questions and to give practical answers because you know I am a practical person.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would anyone else be able to answer the sorts of questions we ask?

**A:** Anyone covers wide spectrum.

**Q:** (L) You understand our frustration with a lot of channelled sources?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Our frustration lies in the fact that when a question is answered it is rarely, if ever, answered succinctly, directly, or anywhere near the point.

**A:** So your perspective, yes, to not do...

**Q:** (L) Is there any such thing as racial superiority regarding the races on the planet earth?

**A:** Only karmically determined by physical confinement assignment.

**Q:** (L) It can be karmically determined to be born into one race or another?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the Aryan/Celts who came to this planet from the other one that was destroyed, were they, when they came, in any way superior to the humans already here?

**A:** Somewhat.

**Q:** (L) What was the nature of this superiority?

**A:** Durability.

**Q:** (L) Physical or mental?

**A:** Physical.

**Q:** (L) Well, blond haired, blue-eyed people seem to be somewhat more delicate or thin-skinned compared to, say, the blacks.

**A:** In this environment on surface.

**Q:** (L) Which race on earth is the oldest?

**A:** All are same.

**Q:** (L) Even the Aryan/Celts from the other planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever a time in history when Kantek, Martek, and Earth were all three occupied by sentient races which communicated with one another?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever a time in history when all three planets were occupied simultaneously?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why are there different races?

**A:** Many reasons. Experimental creations. Partly.

**Q:** (L) Where did the Orientals come from?

**A:** Same as all others. Result of experimentation.

**Q:** (L) Did they originate on this planet? Are they native to this planet?

**A:** Both. Orientals reserved for souls most advanced; Aryans most aggressive; Negroes most naturally attuned to earth vibrational frequency. So are "native Americans".

**Q:** (L) Can you determine my dominant genetic type?

**A:** Caucasian.

**Q:** (L) Is Caucasian different from Aryan or Celtic?

**A:** Aryan subgroup Caucasian.

**Q:** (L) In terms of being Caucasian, do I have any negro blood in me?

**A:** Faint trace.

**Q:** (L) Who were the blue skinned people written about in the Vedas?

**A:** Aryans.

**Q:** (L) Were the Aryans originally blue skinned?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why did the Vedas talk about blue-skinned people and why are there blue skinned people in remote areas of the Appalachians?

**A:** Are whites real "white"?

**Q:** (L) Were there ever any really blue people?

**A:** No. They were perceived as blue due to thinness of skin and contrast with native population.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the swastika.

**A:** Oriental. Signified supremity.

**Q:** (L) Were Adam and Eve attempting to obtain knowledge to free themselves from bondage when they ate of the fruit of the tree of knowledge?

**A:** Adam and Eve are symbolic.

**Q:** (L) But were they in bondage and trying to help free themselves with the help of a benevolent "serpent"?

**A:** Not benevolent.

**Q:** (L) Were they already in bondage to someone else when the Lizzies came?

**A:** No. They were free. The symbolic story of Adam and Eve was a story of enticement to false knowledge. The tree of knowledge of good and evil was focused, imprisoned knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Is the solar system sort of a giant atom?

**A:** No. But similar; remember your atomic knowledge is still mostly theoretical.

**Q:** (L) Could the orbits of the planets be described as energy 'shells' such as the shells occupied by the various electrons around an atom?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Does the solar system, at different points in time absorb or emit energy and do planets move from one shell to another? And, does the nature of the solar system change what it "is" by adding or taking away bodies?

**A:** First, if a solar system adds or subtracts bodies then of course it changes. Next, the fundamental changes occur as a result of interaction with outside forces.

**Q:** (L) What outside forces?

**A:** Plane convergence.

**Q:** (L) What is plane convergence?

**A:** What will happen to earth.

**Q:** (L) Is this going to happen soon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this plane convergence a phenomenon that occurs frequently in the universe, galaxy or solar system?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is it caused by or manifested by?

**A:** Passing through realm border.

**Q:** (L) What is a realm border?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of the legend of the phoenix?

**A:** Ancient Indian destruction and rebuilding.

**Q:** (L) Who created the Lizzies?

**A:** Ormethion.

**Q:** (L) And who is this individual?

**A:** Thought center.

**Q:** (L) Located where?

**A:** Everywhere.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a little more of a clue?

**A:** Another sector of reality.

**Q:** (L) Is this a sentient, self-aware being that created the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) Is this individual one of what you called the Transient Passengers?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it similar?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And who created this Ormethion?

**A:** Not being; thought center.

**Q:** (L) Thought center of what?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) Who was it who appeared to Ezekiel?

**A:** Lizard beings.

**Q:** (L) What do you intend for us to do with all this information?

**A:** Put in book.

**Q:** (L) Any suggestion for title?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Should we let it out gradually? Some of the information is pretty heavy.

**A:** All at once.

**Q:** (L) Is there only one ultimate creator of the universe

**A:** All is one. And one is all.

**Q:** (L) From the one what was the first division?

**A:** Mass division and disbursement.

**Q:** (L) Was this simultaneous?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this what we refer to as the "Big Bang?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any reference to this event in terms of time?

**A:** Always.

**Q:** (L) Can we say that all that exists in the material universe is, say, "x" number of years old?

**A:** No. It is the eternal now. Not only did happen, is happening and going to happen. The expanded presence.

**Q:** (L) What is the true source of the brotherhood of the snake in terms of human members?

**A:** Adam and Eve.

**Q:** (L) Were Adam and Eve real people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) A group of people?

**A:** Thought pattern change not a giving into temptation.

**Q:** (L) What or who were these people? What country did they live in?

**A:** All people. Realm border crossing.

**Q:** (L) You mean this occurred at a time when realms crashed or crossed each other?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did this involve a war of some sort between one group of beings and another group?

**A:** Realm crossing has many manifestations.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, if it hadn't been the Lizzies it would have been someone else?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this just sort of destined to happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it just part of a great cosmic drama?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the ultimate creator self-conscious and self-aware?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) These events that occur in our universe just sort of happen?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are there other universes besides ours?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are these other universes also spun off from "our" ultimate creator?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are these universes countable?

**A:** Counting is artificially limiting concept.

**Q:** (L) Are the numbers of universes limitless?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (L) Do universes ever crash into each other?

**A:** Too complex.

END OF SESSION

