## December 3, 1994
**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Wasanna.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_ had an incident at school where a small pile of powder appeared on her books after she had put her head down on them. What was this?

**A:** Materialized thoughts passed through frontal lobe.

**Q:** (V) Well, that is just amazing.

**A:** Amazement is fun.

**Q:** (V) I would like to know the source of the tension between my mother and myself?

**A:** Maternal influences. Psychological anxiety. Mother daughter rivalry for male attention. Enough personal dilly dallys. Long message to follow. Pause: Ukraine explosion; chemical or nuclear. Hawaii crash; aviation, possibly involving military. More California seismic activity after 1st of year: San Diego, San Bernardino, North Bakersfield, Barstow: all are fracture points. Hollister, Palo Alto, Imperial, Ukiah, Eureka, Point Mendocino, Monterrey, Offshore San Luis Obispo, Capistrano, Carmel: these are all stress points of fracture in sequence. "Time" is indefinite. Expect gradual destruction of California economy as people begin mass exodus. Also, Shasta erupts; Lassen activity. Ocean floor begins to subside. Leave channel open and pause: Queen Elizabeth serious illness; blood related. Princess Diana suicide attempt. Gas explosions this winter in NE United States, Texas and other. Supernova and unusual weather all over. Memphis feels tremors. Minneapolis banking scandal relates to mysterious Nordic covenant. Evangelical sexual tryst exposed. Gold is discovered in California after one of the quakes. UFOs dramatic increase and Gulf Breeze gets swarmed, becomes massive "Mecca". Laura sees much more UFO activity. Huge wave of UFO activity. All manner and origins. Just you wait, it will give you chills and that feeling in the pit of your stomach. Many aliens will appear and we will be visible too. Think of it as a convention. All must awaken to this. It is happening right now. The whole populace will play individual roles according to their individual frequencies. This is only the beginning. Just you wait "Henry Higgins," just you wait!

**Q:** (L) Are you a Rodgers and Hammerstein fan? {While "Rodgers and Hammerstein" is what I said, and the creators of "My Fair Lady" were actually Lerner and Loew, the general intent of the question was "musical comedy".}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How do you relate to the Pleiadians?

**A:** Pleiadians are communicating with many others; we are bursting upon the scene with you, but we are essentially the same, just at slightly different focus points on the realm border.

**Q:** (L) Well, why is all this activity happening now?

**A:** The grand cycle is about to close presenting a unique opportunity.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that this is a unique opportunity to change the future?

**A:** Future, past and present.

**Q:** (L) Well, that sort of makes me think that if things are not changed somewhat at this point on the grand cycle that things could get really direfully screwed up, is that correct?

**A:** But they won't. You have not grasped concept.

**Q:** (L) Yeah I have, I got you, I understand. It's just part of the cycle. It's all a cycle. I mean their being here is part of us being here...

**A:** You do??? {inscribed giant question mark on board}

**Q:** (L) Do what?

**A:** You said you understood concept. Really? Learn.

**Q:** (L) Well, since you guys can do that {referring to the big question mark}, why can't you teach us power symbols that will enhance our Reiki?

**A:** You are not ready.

**Q:** (L) But if we work on the Reiki will you teach us more power symbols?

**A:** Okay, we'll give you one. {draws symbol}

**Q:** (L) What is this symbol called?

**A:** Anuki. Pronounced: AH - NEW - KEY.

**Q:** (V) And, as it applies to Reiki, what does it do? What does it represent?

**A:** Retention of energy at location most in need.

**Q:** (V) So, if we work on somebody, do we use the symbol at the beginning or at the end?

**A:** All Reiki you have as yet learned involves passage of healing energy, this one involves prolonged retention for strengthened power, thus results.

**Q:** (L) Where are you getting this from?

**A:** Access is Universal.

**Q:** (L) Did Dr. Usui also receive this and then not remember it?

**A:** Usui did not reveal all to Takata.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** He was told that the knowledge was priceless and must not be wasted by too much dissemination particularly to those who do not have the burning desire for truth. Those who did, as you do, would find some way of accessing knowledge.

**Q:** (V) Are we also advised not to divulge this information?

**A:** As always, be discreet.

**Q:** (L) Is this something we should pass to \_\_\_\_\_\_ and \_\_\_\_\_\_ {referencing two local Reiki practitioners of our acquaintance}.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is it necessary to line the points up and the ascending line with geometric precision?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And then, the circle elongated or more a perfect circle?

**A:** {Demonstration of drawing of circle part of symbol}

**Q:** (V) Has there ever been a crop circle that looks like this? It looks like one I saw.

**A:** Precisely. All are interrelated

**Q:** (L) Is it true that crop circles are a kind of grand Reiki being given to the planet?

**A:** But also messages and lessons.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, could it also be said that Reiki symbols as applied to the body are etheric messages to the etheric body?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they communicate information into our field, so to speak?

**A:** Everything that exists at all levels is just lessons.

**Q:** (L) Well, in the case of Reiki, what I specifically want to know is if, say an individual is psychically, spiritually, karmically, or otherwise wounded or discombobulated, does the application of Reiki symbols give messages to the electromagnetic field to re-form or re-arrange the pattern in the perfect pattern intended?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And can repeated application of this, can not only physical things, but also etheric things, be healed? That is karma and so forth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So that our continual use of Reiki and application to ourselves and each other literally would cleanse us from our karmic burdens, memories or scars of the soul?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) I am just concerned about the previously mentioned "convention"...

**A:** Convention is because of realm border crossing.

**Q:** (L) And why is there a convention attending this realm border crossing? I mean, is it just a "reely big shew!"

**A:** It is an opportunity.

**Q:** (V) As in the windows are all opening at one time so that all these beings can get in at one time?

**A:** As in an opportunity to affect whole universe. Picture cosmic playing of "Pomp and Circumstance" AKA "Hope and Glory."

**Q:** (Laura) How can a convention with slews of different kinds and races of people, converging on a single little pin- point planet on the outer edges of an insignificant galaxy, at the farthest reaches of this enormous universe, affect the whole thing?

**A:** That is your perception.

**Q:** (L) Well, what is the correct perception? Is the planet earth and the people thereon, and the things that are going on in this spot, the earth specifically, more important than maybe we would ordinarily have thought?

**A:** The Earth is a Convergence point.

**Q:** (L) Has it always been a convergence point? Was it designed to be a convergence point? Or, is it just going to be a convergence point this once?

**A:** Too many questions at once.

**Q:** (L) Was it designed to be a convergence point from the beginning?

**A:** Natural function.

**Q:** (L) Has it been a convergence point all along? Is that why so many weird things happen here?

**A:** That is difficult to answer because you have no understanding of "time".

**Q:** (V) Has this type of convention thing happened on other planets with other groups of beings?

**A:** Has, is, and will.

**Q:** (Laura) So, in other words, there are other planets, I don't mean similar in structure or occupation, but other planets that are convergence points?

**Q:** (V) Are they parallel universes?

**A:** Drifting.

**Q:** (L) If these convergence points are scattered around the universe, is the convergence of this realm border crossing going to occur simultaneously at all points in the universe that are convergence points?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It only happens at say one, or selected, convergence points at any given point?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, do realm borders have something to do with location?

**A:** Realm borders ride waves.

**Q:** (L) And where do these waves come from?

**A:** They constantly cycle.

**Q:** (L) Does it have something to do with the movement of the planet earth into it or does it move onto us?

**A:** Either or.

**Q:** (F) Does this convention or convergence have something to do with the fact that there are living beings on the earth?

**A:** Yes. And because you are at critical juncture in development.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know in terms of prophecy if the prophecies you gave us in the first session are still valid and upcoming?

**A:** They are evolving.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that they are evolving to the point that they are going to happen soon?

**A:** Fluid.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that some of them may not happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And the prophecies that you gave tonight, are they subject to change also?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Are they more solid?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know who is communicating with Ken Carey. Who does he get this information from?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (L) Are these individuals "good guys" from our perspective?

**A:** Yes, some. Some is corrupted.

**Q:** (L) Is some of the information that comes through this channel corrupted?

**A:** Not as yet.

**Q:** (L) Are the 6th density Orions, also known as Transient Passengers, are they the same TPs that have been referred to as the ones who genetically engineered us or put us here?

**A:** Close. They are Wave riders.

**Q:** (L) Are those groups that ride the wave, is riding the wave part of the definition of Transient Passengers?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they like to ride this wave?

**A:** Is it "fun" for you to live on earth?

**Q:** (L) Well, I like living on earth a great deal, but I don't like pain and suffering, and I don't like man's inhumanity to man and I don't like to see other people suffer.

**A:** Do you live on earth for amusement?

**Q:** (L) I would like to live on Earth for amusement but I haven't had a whole heck of a lot of laughs since I have been here this time. I would like to have a life on the planet where things were pleasant...

**A:** You misunderstood.

**Q:** (L) I see what you are saying. That's where they live because that's where they live.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (F) In other words, did you choose to live on Earth because you bought a ticket? (Laura) I got it, Frank. I do want to ask about the "Course in Miracles" that is supposed to be channelled by Jesus Christ or the Holy Spirit. Is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the source that this is channelled from?

**A:** Variable sources.

**Q:** (L) Are they good guys?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) So, even the "Course in Miracles" must be taken with a grain of salt?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) I sent the answers to Karla, is this what she wanted?

**A:** Yes. She is diverted at the moment by others.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible to do hypnotic future progressions and get accurate responses?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In the book "Mass Dreams of the Future," there are 4 scenarios described; are all of these scenarios accurate in terms of general experience?

**A:** Possible futures.

**Q:** (L) So, when a person does a future progression, they are seeing a possible future and not necessarily...

**A:** Depends on quality of channel.

**Q:** (L) So, some people can be hypnotically progressed and get really accurate information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know, in the description of the Pentecost, it was said that the disciples gathered in a room and prayed for days and days and suddenly a wind came rushing in and flames danced over their heads and they all began speaking in tongues. I would like to know if this event or something similar occurred?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In other words, the true baptism of the "Holy Spirit" was when Jesus breathed on his disciples and transmitted something like the Reiki initiation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, I had an experience a number of years ago when I was in church, when it seemed to me that I was speaking in tongues. Was that, in fact, what happened to me?

**A:** Suggestion.

**Q:** (L) It was suggested to me and therefore that is what occurred?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was any kind of psychic event occurring to me at that time?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Who or what energy is behind Jacques Vallee, the great scientist, investigator and writer? Sometimes it seems like he is missing the point and sometimes it seems like he is the only one who knows what is going on.

**A:** He means well and his intentions are pure and good.

**Q:** (L) What did Jesus look like? How tall was he?

**A:** 5'9"

**Q:** (L) What color eyes did he have?

**A:** Blue.

**Q:** (L) What color hair did he have?

**A:** Strawberry blond.

**Q:** (L) What was his skin tone?

**A:** Fair.

**Q:** (L) What was his weight?

**A:** 160.

**Q:** (L) Was he muscular?

**A:** Average.

**Q:** (L) Was he what we would consider handsome?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there anybody I or Frank would know who bears a resemblance to him in facial features?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Could you name someone?

**A:** Scanning....

**Q:** (L) Okay what was his occupation?

**A:** Carpenter.

**Q:** (L) Did he own his own home?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did John the Baptist really lose his head?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In talking about the new level of being after transition to 4th density, will this be something like what is described in the book "Celestine Prophecy?"

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is the carbon 14 dating process fairly accurate, if not, what is its major weakness?

**A:** To an extent.

**Q:** (L) What is its major weakness?

**A:** Same as yours.

**Q:** (L) Which is?

**A:** "Time" does not exist.

**Q:** (L) When was the last time a realm border crossed as far as the earth is concerned?

**A:** As you measure, on Earth, 309,000 years ago.

**Q:** (L) What does this wave consist of in terms of energy?

**A:** Feeling.

**Q:** (L) This wave is feeling? It is a wave of emotion?

**A:** Hyperkinetic sensate.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) We don't understand

**A:** Too complex for this medium.

**Q:** (L) Okay. How many times has the wave come and involved the earth as we know it?

**A:** Infinite number.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if the Shroud of Turin was ever wrapped around Jesus.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was it wrapped around somebody who was crucified?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How was it made?

**A:** Wrapped around Roman worker.

**Q:** (L) What caused the image on the shroud?

**A:** Body oils, hormones and other physiological chemicals.

**Q:** (L) Well, the kids have wanted me to ask this one for a long time and I keep forgetting. There was a woman out in California who was taken to the emergency room. Several attendants and a doctor collapsed while treating her and there was a big hoopla about contaminated blood.

**A:** Air conditioning system spread pesticides.

**Q:** (L) Recently there was a supposed secret diary of Edgar Cayce reported in the tabloids. Was there such a diary?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I received an article from Piers about experiments by a fellow named Persinger who has been trying to duplicate the "abduction" experience by subjecting people to EM fields in a sensory deprivation chamber. I would like comments on that, and second...

**A:** Nonsense, some have closed mind inspired by fear.

**Q:** (L) My concern is that if he is doing this to people, and we have talked about electromagnetic energy blowing holes in the dimensional boundaries, my concern is that this experimentation could be detrimental to the persons being experimented on; is this a possibility?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What could be the results of subjecting someone to these electromagnetic fields?

**A:** Cessation of body.

**Q:** (L) In other words, it could kill them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could it also open doors between dimensions and allow other things to enter in?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could they be subjected to spirit or demonic possession by this method?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could they also be subjected to further programming by aliens through this method?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Anything else you wish to say on this?

**A:** Always keep open mind.

**Q:** (L) Are there any psychological effects that could occur to a person as a result of this type of experimentation?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) In the establishing of an ongoing connection between an abductee and the abductor, what methods or techniques are used? Is it a psychic bond?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it formed technologically?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) There are so many stories of the "gazing" process where the alien controls that abductee by staring into their eyes and the abductee feels full of love and harmony and thereby thinks that the experience is beneficial. This makes me wonder just exactly what is the purpose of this "gazing"?

**A:** Hypnotic.

**Q:** (L) Does it also form a bond?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the substance of this bond? Is there a psychic cord or connection and is it true that the same...

**A:** Channel wavering.... (planchette spinning around board)

**Q:** (L) Is that all you are going to say on that?

**A:** Please say good night.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Energy going.

**Q:** (Laura) Are you tired Frank? (F) Not particularly. (Laura) Well they have never had their energy go before... and, especially since I am asking this particular question... is there some reason you do not want to answer this particular question?

**A:** Save...

**Q:** (L) Goodnight

END OF SESSION

