## November 19, 1994
Frank, Laura, V\_\_, Terry and Jan

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Please no rituals. They constrict energy flow.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Xora

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (V) I met a young man named J\_\_ this evening who claims to be a psychic vampire. Do you know of the person I am speaking of. The conversation I am speaking of?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) What I want to know is has he mislabeled himself?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is he under demonic possession?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Is he playing games with me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) What's his problem?

**A:** Delusional.

**Q:** (V) He wants to, more to the point of questioning, he wants to speak with me more. I figure it's for one of two reasons, one is he wants to take my energy, or two because he is calling out for help, is he wanting to take my energy?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (V) Does he want my help as in counseling?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does he want to waste her time?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) So he's not attached? I find that hard to believe. Is he attached?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** (L) Terry wants to ask why he has such deep rooted anger?

**A:** Victim of much circumstances related to this life.

**Q:** (L) Is it karmic?

**A:** It always is.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a clue about how to deal with this and relieve it?

**A:** It's already in progress.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything to speed the process?

**A:** Not necessary.

**Q:** (T) Is there something I can do about it or will it relieve itself in its own course?

**A:** You are already on right path.

**Q:** (T) Have I been abducted?

**A:** Childhood.

**Q:** (L) Has he been abducted since he was grown?

**A:** Maybe in level 3.

**Q:** (L) What is level 3?

**A:** Type of abduction.

**Q:** (L) How many levels and types of abductions are there?

**A:** Six

**Q:** (L) What is level 3?

**A:** Consciousness altered to "alpha" state.

**Q:** (T) Does this mean screen memories?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) In other words I will be seeing something other than what is actually happening? Or remembering something other than what actually happened?

**A:** Yes but not physical as in childhood.

**Q:** (V) Has he been to the caves? Have the Grays taken him to the caves?

**A:** This is strange question.

**Q:** (L) How many times has he been physically abducted?

**A:** 27.

**Q:** (L) How many times have they interfered with his consciousness by inducing an alpha state?

**A:** 196.

**Q:** (T) Is this when I am asleep that they induce this alpha state?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (V) Has it ever happened when he's in front of his computer?

**A:** At work.

**Q:** (T) At work for Honeywell?

**A:** Inside large white building.

**Q:** (L) Where is the large white building? (T) That's the Honeywell complex. (F) Are they all white? (T) They're all white. (V) Is the Honeywell corporation agents of the Lizzies?

**A:** No. US government.

**Q:** (T) Yes they are. They are a government contractor. Has it happened since I worked at my new job?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is it because I am no longer working for a government facility?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (T) What would the other part be?

**A:** You have recently had consciousness raising experience.

**Q:** (L) And this consciousness raising experience has made it more difficult for them to play with his head?.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What was the consciousness raising experience?

**A:** Soul searching period.

**Q:** (V) Have you been doing a lot of soul searching? (T) I've been saying that I have been at 100% depression for six or seven weeks now. (L) What is causing Terry's depression?

**A:** Change of DNA.

**Q:** (T) What brought about the change in DNA?

**A:** Moving toward 4th level of density reality.

**Q:** (L) Why does this always seem to cause pain, suffering or depression?

**A:** All level 1 changes do.

**Q:** (L) What are level 1 changes?

**A:** We use "level" designation to denote significance.

**Q:** (L) Is level 1 most significant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) As the numbers go higher does the significance get lessened?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What is causing the pain in Jan's right shoulder since several of us have been having this exact same symptom?

**A:** DNA changes.

**Q:** (L) Can Reiki be used to help alleviate the discomfort?

**A:** Not necessary or recommended.

**Q:** (L) Do we just have to suffer through this one?

**A:** Each "suffering" will be closely followed by dramatic life changes.

**Q:** (V) Is there any reason why I have not experienced this discomfort?

**A:** You will.

**Q:** (T) Will I continue to be abducted now that I have had this change of consciousness?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Are the same beings doing all the abductions or are there different groups?

**A:** Two groups.

**Q:** (T) What is one group?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (T) What is the other group?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (T) Is the woman Marissa Tower channeling the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are these Lizzies she is channeling intentions beneficial toward Human beings?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Was I in some kind of danger by ticking her off?

**A:** Not at this point.

**Q:** (T) Is there anything further you would like to say about this woman channelling the Lizzies?

**A:** Further interactions with Lizards are not encouraged. Be careful of some in "MUFON".

**Q:** (T) Is it true that the government is using MUFON as their grass roots information gathering organization?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) I received information during a dream. Was the information real or was it just a dream?

**A:** Corrupted.

**Q:** (T) By who or what?

**A:** Conflicting energies.

**Q:** (L) What are the sources of these energies, are these within Terry himself or outside him?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (T) Can the information that was sent through be retrieved?

**A:** Will be repeated. Have you noticed your repeating dream patterns?

**Q:** (T) I have not been remembering most of my dreams.

**A:** Try melatonin; avoid any antidepressants. Some have suggested.

**Q:** (L) Is pot considered an antidepressant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is the information of the dream important not only to me but to everybody?

**A:** All is.

**Q:** (T) Are different people receiving different pieces of information or are some people receiving as much as they can handle and then it moves to another person to receive more of the information in varying amounts?

**A:** Too many questions.

**Q:** (T) Is this information being given out in pieces to different people to be put together?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) The information I have would not then be whole unto itself?

**A:** Network. Use computer net. There are others communicating and piecing together in this way.

**Q:** (T) How do I retrieve the information?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (L) Start taking the melatonin?

**A:** No. On computer network.

**Q:** (T) Ask on the computer network how to retrieve the information?

**A:** No. Others ask.

**Q:** (L) Ask if others are having dreams of a similar nature?

**A:** Open dialogue.

**Q:** (T) I received a dream one night, I saw what was presented to me, I would describe it as a holographic or virtual reality computer screen. It was a glowing outline of a screen and information scrolled past. The information was in different colors. There were a lot of different documents. The long documents I believe were some kind of technical references. It was just a black void; I wasn't even there; it was just there in front of me like I was watching a screen. There were red documents, very short, that I took to be some kind of statement, they scared me. I don't remember what they were. There were green documents, there were yellow documents. The outline of the screen changed the color of the documents as they scrolled through. There was a lot of them. I know I read all of them but I don't know what any of them said.

**A:** Hypnotize Terry.

**Q:** (L) In that hypnosis with my son, was that an abduction in a previous lifetime?

**A:** End of life information session. Read "Majestic".

**Q:** (L) When a person dies and leaves the body, are the beings who take charge of the soul and direct the end-of-life review and the next life plan, are these beings similar to what we call aliens?

**A:** Sometimes. But on individual basis and level 5 density.

**Q:** (L) So, are you saying that any "aliens" that would be assisting with this type of thing would be of the level 5 density? Or, that the individual would be of the 5th level?

**A:** Alien is based on one's perspective.

**Q:** (L) But, does this mean that the "being" is the level 5 density person?

**A:** Yes. Reflective of experience vibration.

**Q:** (L) Why is the planchette moving so slowly tonight?

**A:** V\_\_\_\_'s attention is diverted.

**Q:** (L) Diverted to what?

**A:** Writing.

**Q:** (T) One last question and I will be gone for now. Who sent me the information in the dream?

**A:** You don't have to "go". Complex.

**Q:** (T) Was the information sent by the good guys or the bad guys?

**A:** Different concept.

**Q:** (T) What race of beings? Did it come from a specific race?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us just a few words on this?

**A:** Okay, Laura. Cosmic retrieval system.

**Q:** (L) What does the cosmic retrieval system retrieve?

**A:** Remember computer was inspired by cosmic forces and reflects universal intelligence system of retrieval of reality.

**Q:** (T) This is a computer network, yes or no?

**A:** Strange thought pattern.

**Q:** (T) What you have described, on a very large scale, sophisticated...

**A:** Grand scale, close.

**Q:** (T) Can I access it through our earthly computer system?

**A:** In a sense, but not directly as of yet. But just wait. [Break]

**Q:** (L) Okay, we are back guys. Have you been listening to us?

**A:** We are always with you now.

**Q:** (L) With all of us?

**A:** We have added Jan and Terry. Will add more as needed.

**Q:** (J) Is there a specific pattern to the phone calls that I have been getting in the mornings?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Is there any outside agent causing my phone to ring to help me to wake up when I need to?

**A:** No. Just coincidence.

**Q:** (J) Is there any significance to the high number of hang-ups I have been getting on both our phone lines?

**A:** Three calls were monitors because of MUFON involvement.

**Q:** (L) Are Terry and Jan's phones tapped?

**A:** Phone "taps" are no longer necessary.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Technology advancements.

**Q:** (L) You mean they can listen to us without tapping our phones?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can they listen to us over the phones even when the phones are hung up?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (T) Can they listen to us through the t.v. through the infra-red frequency?

**A:** Again, technology has advanced beyond that. Walls have "ears." Satellites can monitor any conversation or meeting.

**Q:** (J) Is this conversation being monitored at this point in time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Can our movements be tracked through the electronic ignition systems in our cars?

**A:** Not necessary. You are not yet aware of the extent to which humans have been "aided" in technological advancement.

**Q:** (T) By whom?

**A:** This requires long and complicated response.

**Q:** (T) The object behind using the electronic ignitions, from what I have heard, whether the source is true or not I can't say, but I had a strange confirmation of part of it.

**A:** Beware of disinformation. It diverts your attention away from reality thus leaving you open to capture and conquest and even possible destruction.

**Q:** (L) Is the information about the electronic ignition systems correct?

**A:** Disinformation comes from seemingly reliable sources. It is extremely important for you to not gather false knowledge as it is more damaging than no knowledge at all. Remember knowledge protects, ignorance endangers. The information you speak of, Terry, was given to you deliberately because you and Jan and others have been targeted due to your intense interest in level of density 4 through 7 subject matter. You have already been documented as a "threat."

**Q:** (L) Can you tell Terry what event occurred (referring to "confirmation" of electronic ignition subject)...

**A:** Remember, disinformation is very effective when delivered by highly trained sources because hypnotic and transdimensional techniques are used thereby causing electronic anomalies to follow suggestion causing perceived confirmation to occur.

**Q:** (T) Who was the guy in the Camaro?

**A:** Diversion.

**Q:** (T) About two weeks after I saw the video tape where I heard this information, a guy pulled up out of nowhere driving a souped up Camaro... (Jan: No! It was the night we were watching it!) We had watched it before and we were talking about it and decided to watch it again. So, Gary and I had decided to go outside to take the dog around the block and we had just gotten back and put the dog on the porch and we were standing outside smoking a cigarette when the guy in the Camaro pulls into the driveway with steam coming out from under the hood. He asked to use the hose. I told him yes. He gets out wearing jeans, tee shirt and scraggly blond hair. He says: "I overheated. I'm coming back from Gulfport and was going back to Ocala and was on the interstate when his car overheated. Now, 275 is a little ways from my house and he came all the way, passed a gas station and convenience store, turned off the main drag and then onto my street to get water... then he started talking about how the new electronic ignitions are designed to shut down when the car exceeds a certain speed so he had installed a special racing ignition but ever since his car had been overheating... we had just finished watching this movie about electronic ignitions and we were flabbergasted... What I want to know is who has the power and ability to set up these kinds of "confirmations" or synchronicities?

**A:** Same forces spreading disinformation: Brotherhood/ consortium/ Illuminati/ New World Order/ "Antichrist"/ Lizards.

**Q:** (T) But I'm just a nobody. Why would they go to all troouble to send somebody in a Camaro to drive up on my lawn...

**A:** Several answers follow: Number One, Nobody is a "nobody." Number two, it is no trouble at all for aforementioned forces to give seemingly individualized attention to anybody. Number three, Terry has been targeted and so has Jan and others because you are on the right track. Number four, This area is currently a "hot bed" of activity and extremely rapidly expanding awareness. [Talk about the Philadelphia Experiment during break]

**Q:** (L) I suppose you have been listening to us talk. What do you have to comment about the Philadelphia experiment?

**A:** We are always listening. (Laura makes error in calling out letters.) More coffee, Laura. [Terry takes V\_\_\_\_'s place at the board for a time.]

**Q:** (L) Are you, in a sense, part of the cosmic computer network retrieval system?

**A:** All are in one way or another.

**Q:** (L) Did the Philadelphia experiment, as described by Terry's scoutmaster, occur in the way it was described?

**A:** That description was not of Philadelphia experiment.

**Q:** (L) Was that the ship that was part of the Philadelphia experiment?

**A:** One of three.

**Q:** (L) Were the effects that ship experienced a result of the Philadelphia experiment as we understand it?

**A:** Reality molecular residual.

**Q:** (L) Did the Philadelphia Experiment, as we have read about it, occur in the way it was described?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was Al Bielek part of the experiment?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was the information he has given out about this factual?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is the information he gives about being aged regressed in the body and his brother coming into a new body accurate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is his brother, Duncan, really who he claims to be?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Al Bielek really who he claims to be?

**A:** No. Was technician but not aboard vessel.

**Q:** (L) So he did not go back and forth in time?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (T) So he's trying to make himself out to be more than he actually is?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) He is a wannabe?

**A:** No. He is an agent of the government.

**Q:** (T) Is Preston also a government agent?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Why are they coming out with this story? Besides disinformation...

**A:** Slow revelation to effect gauge of public response.

**Q:** (L) Should V\_\_\_\_ stand behind Terry and put her hands on his shoulders for energy?

**A:** Not necessary because Terry has adequate energy of his own. George Bush was involved with Philadelphia experiment.

**Q:** (T) He was Navy, World War II. (L) I would like to know what happened to Ambrose Bierce?

**A:** Dead. Spontaneous combustion.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Marcia Moore who was working on drug enhanced outer space contact via altered consciousness?

**A:** Permanent abduction victim by Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Too close to truth.

**Q:** (L) Well, are we close to the truth too?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will we be permanently abducted by the Lizards?

**A:** Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (L) But didn't she have a lot of knowledge too?

**A:** Scrambled with drugs.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the specific mode of time travel?

**A:** Complex.

**Q:** (L) Well, just give us a clue here?

**A:** Transdimensional transfer utilizing electromagnetic adjustment of atomic structure to alter speed of time cycle convergence.

**Q:** (L) Who or what are the individuals called "Men in Black"?

**A:** Lizard projections.

**Q:** (T) Does that mean that they are just projecting an image of a being?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) The MIBS are not real, then, in our physical terms?

**A:** Partly correct. You do not understand technology but we will describe it if you like.

**Q:** (L) We like. Please describe this.

**A:** Okay. Get ready. First we must explain further time "travel" because the two concepts are closely related. The first step is to artificially induce an electromagnetic field. This opens the door between dimensions of reality. Next, thoughts must be channelled by participant in order to access reality bonding channel. They must then focus the energy to the proper dimensional bridge. The electrons must be arranged in correct frequency wave. Then the triage must be sent through realm "curtain" in order to balance perceptions at all density levels.

**Q:** (L) Information in the event that has to be balanced or taken into consideration as to importance so that the program runs correctly. Is this the correct interpretation of triage as you have used it?

**A:** Sort of. Triage is as follows: 1. Matter, 2. Energy, 3. Perception of reality. That is it folks.

**Q:** (L) Who abducted Betty Andreasson.

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Was the information that Betty Andreasson was given by these beings who abducted her, screen information or false information of information for disinformation?

**A:** All of the above and some factual.

**Q:** (L) In the Ann Haywood case which is supposed to be a case of demonic possession or obsession, who or what are the beings that are afflicting this woman and her family?

**A:** 3rd density section "B" energy anomalies same as "poltergeist."

**Q:** (L) The case that is described in the book "The Haunted", about the Smurl family, with quite a bit of phenomena occurring in their house including the sighting of a big- foot type. Creature, what is the source of the phenomena in that case?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) So, neither of those cases are "alien" related?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Why are there such marked similarities between those two cases and the case described by Karla Turner and other alien abductions?

**A:** Similarities are open to interpretation. Turner household was opened to multiple types of phenomena due to interaction with Grays and others.

**Q:** (L) Does that occur frequently in interactions with Grays?

**A:** When there is excessive activity of this sort it leaves open channels or "windows" which allows all sorts of things to come through.

**Q:** (L) Well, who are these old hags who have sex with people...?

**A:** Poltergeistal entities.

**Q:** (L) What is a poltergeist entity?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** (L) Is the poltergeist entity generated by the subconscious energy of the individual to which the poltergeist effect occurs or takes place?

**A:** Interaction just like everything else between perceived and perceiver.

**Q:** (L) And what is, in this case, being perceived? Is it an energy construct or is it an actual being?

**A:** Both. Remember, Laura, you too are an energy construct.

**Q:** (L) Okay, in S\_\_'s regression to the time she experienced a meeting on a ship, there was a woman very similar to the woman described in these other cases. Who or what was that woman and why was she there?

**A:** This "woman" is becoming quite popular isn't she?

**Q:** (L) Who, the woman in the hypnosis or S\_\_?

**A:** The "Hag."

**Q:** (L) Why is she becoming so popular? (J) She must be good!

**A:** We don't know.

**Q:** (L) When my daughter A\_\_ did a spirit viewing of me she saw a cord attached to me and at the end of this cord there was a blue astronaut. What was the blue astronaut she saw?

**A:** Guide.

**Q:** (L) Well, we disconnected him. Should we have left him alone?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Who were the beautiful Nordic beings seen by George Adamski?

**A:** Figment of George Adamski's highly evolved imagination.

**Q:** (L) Several times I have heard reference to big flying rectangular boxes. I would like to know who these belong to?

**A:** Lizard projections.

**Q:** (L) Why do they have so many different types of craft?

**A:** Not all are theirs.

**Q:** (L) Now, we went to the recommended person to take the Reiki initiation, do we now, at this point in time, have the true Reiki initiation?

**A:** Getting there. Must allow energy to solidify. Do you understand the concept of imprinting?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Then you know.

**Q:** (L) Practicing Reiki is the thing that will solidify the force?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Are there symbols for Reiki that are even older and stronger than the ones we have been given?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the original symbols in Sanskrit?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where are we going to find them?

**A:** You are not.

**Q:** (L) And the Reiki Symbols we learned from S\_\_ are the closest we can get?

**A:** Yes. Good enough.

**Q:** (L) When one receives the Reiki initiation does it reverse the flow of intake and output, positive or negative polarity of the energy flow in the hands?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does the left hand then become the output hand?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the right hand then the intaking hand?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the Sui Ching attunement S\_\_ gives more powerful than anything we could have received from any other person?

**A:** Yes. Have faith.

**Q:** (L) The spiritual exercises she teaches, are those beneficial for us both to practice?

**A:** They are okay.

**Q:** (L) Is that so-so or really good?

**A:** Remember some things must be learned by your own path.

**Q:** (L) What or who are the South American aliens I have read about who are described as being gray with thick lips, rudimentary features, gray uniforms, and are called by the South Americans "Malos"?

**A:** Lizard projections.

**Q:** (L) Were these also the clay-like beings seen by Betty Andreasson only she saw them wearing blue suits?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where was Betty Andreasson taken to when she saw the Phoenix in her abduction?

**A:** Another dimension of reality.

**Q:** (L) Is Betty Andreasson correct in believing that her experiences are positive and are bringing her closer to God?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Betty Andreasson deluded?

**A:** No. She is a victim.

**Q:** (L) What happened to the Australian pilot Frankerick Valentich?

**A:** He was taken by the Lizards and dissected.

**Q:** (V) It just gets uglier and uglier! (L) Okay, I want to ask about this purple energy plate. Is this something that would be worth spending money on?

**A:** No. Is bogus. Pretty color though.

**Q:** (L) How long should I wait to get the master initiation?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) S\_\_ likes for her students to wait six months. Is it necessary or beneficial for me to wait that long since I have been doing Reiki for so long?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (V) We would like to know why we have all been under such attack lately?

**A:** Because you are now connected to a valid source.

**Q:** (L) Is Bob Oeschler a government plant?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Was the Carp, Ontario UFO landing a real UFO landing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who was involved in that?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Anyone else?

**A:** No, but government wants to use it as in "opportunity knocks." UFO per se was not staged. Guardian story was.

**Q:** (L) Was the UFO actually flown by aliens?

**A:** Yes. Government has miles of UFO footage in its possession. May use at its discretion.

**Q:** (T) What does it mean that the Guardian story was staged. How? Is the video tape real?

**A:** Used tape to concoct story around.

**Q:** (T) Did the individual calling himself Guardian actually film that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Who filmed it?

**A:** Military.

**Q:** (T) How did they know to be there in the middle of Ontario Canada to film that landing?

**A:** Landing took place near where regiment of NATO reservists were training.

**Q:** (T) Did it take place where they said it did?

**A:** Near.

**Q:** (T) Was the woman in the farmhouse part of the plot?

**A:** Saw UFO. Was part of "flap".

**Q:** (T) Was the UFO experience that the woman in the farmhouse had, was that the same event on the Guardian tape?

**A:** No. But similar.

**Q:** (T) So we have a woman who saw a UFO landing, had one that they had on tape, and when she came forward to talk about her sighting, they decided to use the footage to corroborate her story, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Did the woman know about the NATO maneuvers?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Were the NATO maneuvers near where she was?

**A:** Yes. All major military exercises are plagued by UFOs.

**Q:** (T) Is the government planning to stage an invasion by aliens to cause the populace of the world to go into such a fear state that they will accept total control and domination?

**A:** Open. But if so, will "flop".

**Q:** (T) Why?

**A:** Many reasons: 1. Visual effects will be inadequate and will have "glitches". 2. Real invasion may take place first. 3. Other events may intercede.

**Q:** (T) Such as what?

**A:** Earth changes.

**Q:** (T) Am I correct in assuming that some of these hot-shot, big-wig guys in the government who have plans for taking over the whole world and making everything all happy and hunky-dory with them in charge, are just simply not in synch with the fact that there are some definite earth changes on the agenda? Are they missing something here?

**A:** Close. They are aware but in denial.

**Q:** (T) Are these earth changes going to occur prior to the arrival of the cometary cluster?

**A:** No. But "time" frame is, as of yet, undetermined.

**Q:** (T) Am I correct in saying that if they knew what was really going to happen that they would still continue with their stupid little plans to make money and try to control the world?

**A:** Yes. Greed is a sickness.

**Q:** (T) Is there such a thing as "alternative three" the plan to take all the brains off the planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is that more disinformation?

**A:** Yes. So is Mars landing but not Mars monuments.

**Q:** (TL) Who made the monuments on Mars?

**A:** Atlanteans.

**Q:** (T) So, the Atlanteans had inter-planetary ability?

**A:** Yes. With ease. Atlantean technology makes yours look like the Neanderthal era.

**Q:** (T) Who created the structures on the moon that Richard Hoagland has discovered?

**A:** Atlanteans.

**Q:** (T) What did they use these structures for?

**A:** Energy transfer points for crystalline power/symbolism as in monuments or statuary.

**Q:** (T) What statuary are you referring to?

**A:** Example is face.

**Q:** (T) What power did these crystals gather?

**A:** Sun.

**Q:** (T) Was it necessary for them to have power gathering stations on Mars and the Moon. Did this increase their power?

**A:** Not necessary but it is not necessary for you to have a million dollars either. Get the correlation? Atlanteans were power hungry the way your society is money hungry.

**Q:** (T) Was the accumulation of this power what brought about their downfall?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Did they lose control of this power?

**A:** It overpowered them the same way your computers will overpower you.

**Q:** (V) Is it similar to them gaining a life and intelligence of their own?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You mean these crystalline structures came to life, so to speak?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And then what did they do?

**A:** Destroyed Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) But I thought that Atlantis was destroyed because of the close passage of another body of the solar system?

**A:** Was damaged but recovered.

**Q:** (L) So Atlantis was damaged by a close passage of Mars or whatever and then recovered from that damage, is that correct?

**A:** Part of landmass, but not all, was destroyed.

**Q:** (L) So, how many seperate destructions did Atlantis experience?

**A:** Three.

**Q:** (L) One was caused by the close passage of Mars?

**A:** Yes. And comets.

**Q:** (L) Was Mars and the comets loosely interactive?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And the second was caused by what?

**A:** Venus.

**Q:** (L) And the third and final destruction was caused by what?

**A:** Crystals.

**Q:** (T) Are the crystals still active?

**A:** Bermuda triangle.

**Q:** (L) I thought that was a myth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And what does that crystal do? Is it continuously active?

**A:** No. Erratic.

**Q:** (L) Is it still active in the sense of being a conscious or sentient entity?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What activates it?

**A:** Many factors.

**Q:** (L) And when it is activated, what does it do?

**A:** Transdimensional window is blasted open.

**Q:** (L) Say a person was sailing along in the Bermuda Triangle and the window was blasted open and these people passed through or were engulfed in it or whatever, in what condition would they find themselves?

**A:** Something akin to suspended animation.

**Q:** (L) Would they be conscious of their state of suspended animation or would their consciousness also be suspended?

**A:** Either or.

**Q:** (L) Do they stay in this state forever, or do they come back out, or do they come out somewhere else?

**A:** Open. All are possible. Same thing happened to Philadelphia experiment participants.

**Q:** (L) If an individual were in this interdimensional state of suspended animation, does this mean they are stuck there forever?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Can they not die, is that what you are saying?

**A:** To them they may perceive something like waiting for millions of years.

**Q:** (L) Is there no one or no way to rescue them from this state?

**A:** Why do you think those sailors were hopelessly insane?

**Q:** (L) Besides the crystal in the Bermuda Triangle, are any of the others still active?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Does the government know about them?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Where are the others located?

**A:** Off Japan; in Brazil; in Ural mountains of Russia; North and South Poles.

**Q:** (T) Are the ones on the Moon and Mars active also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Are they responsible for any of the earthquakes like the one in Japan?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If one crystal is found and the technology is deciphered, and another is found, does it increase the power...

**A:** Let us answer this way: If Neanderthals found a 747 would they know how to use it?

**Q:** (L) What were the physical dimensions of these crystals and were they cut or naturally grown?

**A:** Varied. Were synthetic.

**Q:** (L) Were they faceted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In their faceting, what was the general configuration?

**A:** Pyramid.

**Q:** (L) Was that an absolute pyramid with the same proportions as say, the Great Pyramid at Gizeh?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) How large was the largest from base to apex?

**A:** 5000 feet.

**Q:** (L) What was the average size?

**A:** 500 feet.

**Q:** (L) And was the one that was 5,000 feet tall, is that one still in existence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where is that one located?

**A:** 380 miles due East of you?

**Q:** (L) Some years ago a pilot reported seeing a pyramid near there in the water...

**A:** That is just the top sticking out of the ocean floor. It is 90 per cent buried.

**Q:** (V) In meditation, I saw crystals coming up during Earth changes. Is this what is going to happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How come this crystal didn't shatter or break up during the subsidence of Atlantis?

**A:** Extraordinarily strong. An atomic bomb would not shatter it. The chain reaction of a thermonuclear explosion would be absorbed into the crystal and transferred into pure energy. That relates to the design function.

**Q:** (L) And then what would happen?

**A:** Energy dispersal unless focused as engineered by the Atlanteans.

**Q:** (L) Where did they get this technology?

**A:** They evolved it.

**Q:** (L) They invented it themselves?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they interact with any aliens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they get any help at all from these extraterrestrials?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And who were these aliens?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) What kind of power frequency did these crystals use?

**A:** Full range.

**Q:** (T) How many of the crystals have been discovered by the governments of the world?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (T) Are they trying to use them?

**A:** Pointlessly.

**Q:** (T) Are they trying?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Is that why they backed off from the Moon and stopped the space program?

**A:** No. Government doesn't understand technology.

**Q:** (T) Have they backed off from their activities on the Moon?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Are the crystals on Mars why they want to get there so badly?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Because of the crystals or because of what is stored in the monuments?

**A:** Neither.

**Q:** (T) Why do they want to get to Mars?

**A:** Explore.

**Q:** (T) Are the top echelons of the human race all the fools that they seem?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Can we utilize that crystalline shape to generate electricity?

**A:** Possible and has been done.

**Q:** (L) Is it complicated?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What effect does wearing hematite have on the physical body?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) What about this fellow Stephenson?

**A:** If all parties have faith in it.

**Q:** (V) Did Laura receive healing on her heart today?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Where did Stephenson get his information?

**A:** Read it.

**Q:** (L) Jan has asked about doing a spirit release?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) She wants to know how many attachments she has?

**A:** Three. Two positive. One negative.

**Q:** (L) Terry:

**A:** Four 3/1.

**Q:** (L) How did they get them?

**A:** Find out.

**Q:** (L) Earlier the suggestion was made to hypnotize Terry, is that what they are saying we should do?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Can I trust Jerry?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Does Commodore Kirk die at the end of the movie? (V) Does X-files have the Lizzie influence?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Does X-files tell the people what they need to hear?

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

