## October 7, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) What's your name?

**A:** Bayreera.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Are you the next in line for the energy disbursement?

**A:** Precisely. You are learning well.

**Q:** (L) Are you disbursing the energy to us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are we giving energy to you?

**A:** Near. Our disbursement is akin to taking turns.

**Q:** (L) Is there an advantage to taking turns as opposed to having one communicant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the advantage?

**A:** Energy equalization.

**Q:** (L) Is it difficult for you to make contact with us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Would it be difficult for you to make contact with others?

**A:** Becoming easier with you.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know the time of the great dying of the major dinosaurs, the big critters?

**A:** 27 million years as measured by your scale.

**Q:** (L) Regarding the "Fall" in Eden and the loss of the Edenic state, how long ago did that happen?

**A:** 309000 years ago approx.

**Q:** (L) What was the situation... what happened... what was the state of mankind?

**A:** Loss of faith caused knowledge and physical restrictions by outside forces.

**Q:** (L) What did the snake or the "tempter" represent?

**A:** Forces known to you as Lizzies; we have already taught you this.

**Q:** (L) I am just checking!

**A:** Faith dear.

**Q:** (L) I'm having faith, I'm just checking.

**A:** Suit yourself.

**Q:** (L) Who were the original creators of the human race?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** (L) The Cassiopaeans, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) For what purpose did you create us? Was it a mandate from God?

**A:** Soul development or advancement.

**Q:** (L) The Sumerian story of the creation of human beings involves a story where they say they killed a god and mixed his blood and parts to mix with mud and then planted it in these female "gestation" goddesses and that this is where the human race came from. Now, this sounds an awful lot like what the "Grays" are doing at the present time. Did someone actually kill a "god", break his soul in pieces, and thereby make the human race?

**A:** Symbolism and not correct event sequence.

**Q:** (L) What was that story about? What was the real seed event?

**A:** Lizard beings genetically altering the human race after battle for their own feeding purposes.

**Q:** (L) When did these events that these Sumerian stories are talking about take place?

**A:** 309000 years ago, approx.

**Q:** (L) So, it happened so long ago that these stories have lost the truth?

**A:** Reflection passed down through psychic memory channel.

**Q:** (L) What killed off the major dinosaurs?

**A:** Comet impact.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of this comet?

**A:** Cluster.

**Q:** (L) How long has this comet cluster been with us in our solar system?

**A:** 890 million years.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of this comet cluster? Was it originally a large planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) You said the other night that there was a planet between Mars and Jupiter that was destroyed and became the asteroid belt. Was this planet ever inhabited by sentient beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What caused this planet to be destroyed?

**A:** Psychic energy.

**Q:** (L) And where did the beings come from that lived on this planet? Did they evolve there?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were they also, like us, created beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who created them?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) The Cassiopaeans?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, who created the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** Your super ancient spiritual ancestors.

**Q:** (L) Do these beings have a name?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What are they called?

**A:** Transient Passengers.

**Q:** (L) Where are these "Transient Passengers" From?

**A:** Too difficult to explain on this medium; lengthy.

**Q:** (L) What is the closest you know to the original God/Creator force?

**A:** Seek other media. Computer.

**Q:** (L) This cluster of comets that you talk about that caused an impact, did one of the cluster impact the earth at the time of the dinosaur dyings?

**A:** No one was large enough for event.

**Q:** (L) Was it some of these comets in the cluster that hit the earth?

**A:** Yes. 14 hit at that occasion.

**Q:** (L) Does this cluster of comets orbit around the Sun?

**A:** Yes. Your government already knows they're coming close again.

**Q:** (L) You said that the orbit is around the Sun. Where does it enter the plane of the ecliptic?

**A:** Varies.

**Q:** (L) Does it enter between Mars and Jupiter, for example?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Is the orbit perpendicular to the plane of the ecliptic? Or is it at an angle?

**A:** In between.

**Q:** (L) What degrees of angle does it intersect the plane of the ecliptic?

**A:** Not correct idea structure. Picture a spirograph.

**Q:** (L) Do the comets orbit around themselves. Do they have a sort of axis?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How many are in this cluster?

**A:** Varies.

**Q:** (L) Do they lose or pick any up from time to time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How big is the biggest one at this time?

**A:** 900 miles diameter. Spirograph.

**Q:** (L) The planet that was destroyed between Jupiter and Mars, you said was destroyed by psychic energy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of this psychic energy?

**A:** Beings inhabiting the planet.

**Q:** (L) Do beings in this area of the galaxy just sort of destroy their planets from time to time? Is this getting to be a habit?

**A:** Close. Has been.

**Q:** (L) Did any of those beings leave that planet and come to earth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who were they? Were they humans like us?

**A:** Blond and blue eyed descendants.

**Q:** (L) Was that a colder planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was that planet much like earth?

**A:** Yes.

**A:** Blue eyes. Eye pigment was because planet was farther from Sol.

**Q:** (L) How did the people of that planet come to earth? Did they know it was going to be destroyed?

**A:** Some knew and were taken by Lizzies and they are the Annunaki.

**Q:** (L) Now, you say that the father of Jesus was an Aryan. Where did he come from?

**A:** Palestine.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the Aryan race?

**A:** 5th planet now know as asteroid belt.1

**Q:** (L) When did they come to earth?

**A:** 80 thousand years ago? Difficult for us to use your measuring system.

**Q:** (L) Were they similar in form and structure to what they are now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is it that our scientists have not been able to uncover evidence of such ancient existence?

**A:** They have. Do not want to acknowledge it.

**Q:** (L) Where do the Celts come from?

**A:** Same. Ferocious people. Came from fifth planet.

**Q:** (L) When was that planet destroyed?

**A:** 80 thousand years ago.

**Q:** (L) Were any of the descendants of Jesus famous individuals that we would know.

**A:** Yes. Yassar Arafat. Churchill.

**Q:** (L) You said that the Exodus occurred in 2676; is that B.C. or years ago?

**A:** B.C.

**Q:** (L) If the Exodus occurred in 2676 B.C., that is 4,670 years ago more or less, this would mean that this was not related to the comet cluster which came in 1588 B.C.

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Then, the comet cluster came by 8,788 B.C., is that correct?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Was there any historical cataclysm recorded in history that we could relate to that passing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And Noah's flood occurred 12,388 B.C., is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, the time of the passage of Venus was the time of the Exodus, is that correct? Was Venus a result of this cluster of comets?

**A:** Semi-stimulatad by gravitational pull.

**Q:** (L) Venus was stimulated by the gravitational pull?

**A:** Attracted.

**Q:** (L) Venus was drawn into the solar system by the gravitational pull of the cluster of comets?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where did Venus get all its gases and clouds and so forth? What was its origin? Where did it get all this stuff?

**A:** Collected during fiery, friction filled journey and space matter in general.

**Q:** (L) Where was Venus originally from?

**A:** Ancient wanderer from near Arcturus.

**Q:** (L) What are Mars' moons?

**A:** Disguised bases.

**Q:** (L) Who built them?

**A:** Who else? The Lizzies.

**Q:** (L) The film I saw at Andy 's house, the Mars landing, was that an actual film of a Mars landing?

**A:** False.

**Q:** (L) Has there been a landing on Mars by the United States?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Al Bielek a phony?2

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Did he work on the Philadelphia project?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was he brainwashed to have fake outrageous memories?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is he lying deliberately?

**A:** Instructed by government for disinformation dissemination.

**Q:** (L) Did a space-craft of the Lizzies piloted by the Grays crash in Roswell?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What caused the crash?

**A:** Ionization.

**Q:** (L) Were the bodies and the craft recovered by the United States Government?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the Majestic 12 documents...

**A:** Semi-factual.

**Q:** (L) Were they dummied up?

**A:** Near.

**Q:** (L) Who did this and why?

**A:** To leak information and disinformation. Many were involved. ONI and CIA.

**Q:** (L) Is the information in the book "Majestic", by Whitley Strieber factual?

**A:** Semi-factual. There are many glaring falsehoods.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of the Native American Indians?

**A:** Asia.

**Q:** (L) Across the Bering Strait?

**A:** No. Rescued. Transferred.

**Q:** (L) By whom?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) What were they rescued out of?

**A:** Cataclysm.

**Q:** (L) When did that cataclysm occur?

**A:** 7200 years ago approx.

**Q:** (L) What was the nature of that cataclysm?

**A:** Comets.

**Q:** (L) Where do the Basques come from?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) Is their language the Atlantean language?

**A:** Derivative.

**Q:** (L) Which came first, the Sumerians or the Egyptians.

**A:** Sumerians.

**Q:** (L) Where did the Egyptians come from?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) Which came first, the Sumerians or Atlanteans?

**A:** Atlanteans.

**Q:** (L) Were the Sumerians a high civilization at the same time the Atlanteans were?

**A:** After.

**Q:** (L) Did the Atlanteans go to Sumeria and afterwards go to Egypt?

**A:** Traveled.

**Q:** (L) The Atlanteans traveled to Sumeria?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they set up outposts in Sumeria?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then did the main Atlanteans move to Egypt when Atlantis was destroyed?

**A:** Yes. And elsewhere.

**Q:** (L) Where else did the Atlanteans go?

**A:** Americas. Inca. Aztec. Maya. Hopi Tribe. Pima tribe.

**Q:** (L) When the Jews were dispersed, did some of them come to America?

**A:** A few.

**Q:** (L) Who was the angel who communicated with the Prophet Daniel?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** (L) Who gave John Revelation?

**A:** The Lizzies.3

**Q:** (L) Who did Paul encounter on the road to Damascus.

**A:** Spirit of the 6th density.

**Q:** (L) If the Revelations are from the "bad" guys, are they an accurate portrayal of the end times?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the prophecies of Isaiah?

**A:** Fiction.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the so-called Cassiopaeans when Candy was present? Was that you guys?

**A:** Mixed.4

**Q:** (L) Does Jupiter have a solid core?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Zecharia Sitchen correct in his naming of the planets?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was the interpretation I gave to it more correct.

**A:** Better but needs help.

**Q:** (L) True meaning of the word "Shem"?5

**A:** Purity.

**Q:** (L) What language is the root of this word found in?

**A:** Atlantean. Hebrew.

**Q:** (L) Where did the Jews come from?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) Who was Yahweh.

**A:** Fictional being.

**Q:** (L) Who was the god that spoke to Moses on the mount?

**A:** Audible projection of Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Did Moses at any time realize that he had been duped by the Lizzies?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Yet, the other night you said that Moses is also doing work with Christ on another plane, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, if he was misled by the Lizzies, how did he get to be a good guy?

**A:** Taught afterward.6

**Q:** (L) After what?

**A:** Plane transfer.

**Q:** (L) Did Moses die?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who took him?

**A:** Us.

END OF SESSION

1. The asteroid belt is a doughnut-shaped concentration of asteroids orbiting the Sun between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter, closer to the orbit of Mars. The asteroids have a slightly elliptical orbit. The time for one revolution around the Sun varies from about three to six Earth years. The strong gravitational force of the planet Jupiter shepherds the asteroid belt, pulling the asteroids away from the Sun, keeping them from careening into the inner planets. The asteroid belt may be material that never coalesced into a planet, perhaps because its mass was too small; the total mass of all the asteroids is only a small fraction of that of our Moon. Whether or not the asteroid belt is the remains of a planet that was destroyed cannot be definitely affirmed or denied. After reading a number of books and papers on the subject, one finds that those who say "impossible" don't have much to back them up, and those who think that it might be possible can't prove anything either. Those who think it was a planet suppose that it might have been fragmented by an impact by a large comet.

2. Al Bielek is, apparently, a convincing speaker in the eyes of some people. He presents a wide range of popular references during his talks and weaves quite a tale in the telling. However, the information available prior to the 1983 movie, "The Philadelphia Experiment" did not concern the prospect of time transport. The stated focus of the "Philadelphia Experiment" project was to "achieve radar invisibility". Mr. Bielek states that his "memories began coming back AFTER seeing the movie in 1988."

    Many people get the impression that he incorporates new topics into his storyline as fast as he hears them, claiming that his "memory suddenly came back on that." One major flaw in his story is the statement that Nikola Tesla was in association with and in charge of the Philadelphia project. This is highly incredible since the experiment supposedly occurred in July, 1943 and Tesla died on January 7, 1943 in New York City. Dr. Von Neumann (of computer fame) was supposedly involved in the "Philadelphia Experiment" with Tesla, Einstein and LeBon. Bielek says he is recorded to have died in 1953 or 1957.

    In Phoenix, 1986, Bielek's memories recalled a site in Montauk which, according to Bielek, "might be where Von Neumann currently resides in obscurity". Another major discrepancy, records indicate the original manned experiment occurred on October 28, 1943, NOT the 12th of August, 1943. Despite the irregularities, there were some interesting comments made in regard to time. The two most outstanding things about the public lecture was the showing of a slide purported to be a "Zero Time Reference Generator" which looks strangely similar to an old Army field kitchen refrigeration unit, according to Chuck Henderson's military experience. No technical details were given or offered. This device was purported to be the oscillator which drove the coils of the experiment. Mr. Bielek claimed that the unit shown was used to synchronize two separate signals (one for each coil).

    The literature of the "Philadelphia Experiment" is replete with descriptions of the technology. If you get the chance to hear Mr. Bielek, it is highly recommended if only for entertainment. However, if you want usable data, good luck!

3. Which does not, of course, mean that they can't tell the truth sometimes!

4. Pay particular note to this remark above. It was my sensation that "Candy" was a corrupting influence in her participation and focus on personal issues, and here we have the C's confirming this. Keeping the connection clean has been an ongoing problem. Very often, the presence of a person with extremely negative, low or even aggressive attitude can "skew" the reception. But even in such cases, we are often able to retrieve the Cassiopaean intent by careful study.

5. The reader will notice that I often ask the same questions over again, sometimes in a different way, and sometimes not. This was my way of "testing" the source in terms of consistency over time.

6. This is an important point because it signifies that even if a person is deceived while in the body, the true frequency of that individual, and their intent to be of Service to Others means a lot.

