## September 30, 1994
Frank and Laura (This is the first taped session.)

It should be noted that, at this point, I was rather hung up on the idea that any communicant should be "Christian" and should support the Jesus story so there is a lot of emotional investment going on here that could easily have skewed things. See also footnotes that I put at the end some time ago.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who are you?

**A:** Pamthora.

**Q:** (L) Are you the same individual who communicated with us last week?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you from the same group?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why are you with us tonight instead of the one who was here last week?

**A:** Frequency waves.

**Q:** (L) The frequency waves are different?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are you better able to communicate with us than the one who was here last week?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand what you mean about the frequency waves. Could you elaborate?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Does this mean that you are not going to be able to communicate complex answers to us tonight?

**A:** No difference

**Q:** (L) Last week we were talking about Jesus of Nazareth who became the Christ. Can we continue that subject this week?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who was Jesus of Nazareth?

**A:** Advanced spirit.

**Q:** (L) Was Jesus born from an immaculate conception; that is did his mother not have sex with a man in order to conceive him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) She did have sex with a man in order to conceive him, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who was the man with whom she had sex to conceive Jesus?

**A:** Tonatha.[^1]

**Q:** (L) And who was this individual, Tonatha?

**A:** Acquaintance.

**Q:** (L) How old was Jesus mother, Mary, when she conceived Jesus?

**A:** 19.

**Q:** (L) Was Joseph upset to discover that Mary was pregnant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How old was Joseph when he married Mary?

**A:** 39.

**Q:** (L) Was Joseph unable to father children?

**A:** Close.[^2]

**Q:** (L) What date, counting backwards in our calendrical system, was Jesus born?

**A:** 01 06 minus 14.[^3]

**Q:** (L) What time of day was he born?

**A:** 6 am.

**Q:** (L) Was there any unusual celestial event in terms of star or planet alignments at that time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was the star the Magi saw in the East that led them to the place where he was born? Was there an event where the Magi came to present gifts?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Who was it that came to present him gifts?

**A:** 3 prophets.

**Q:** (L) What country did these prophets come from?

**A:** Iran. Also known as Persia.

**Q:** (L) Was Jesus an individual who had psychic or unusual powers from birth?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Did he have an awareness from the earliest times of his life that he was in some way special or chosen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the "star" that indicated to the prophets...

**A:** Spaceship.[^4]

**Q:** (L) What kind of space ship?

**A:** Mother.

**Q:** (L) Where did this mothership come from?

**A:** Other realm.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean other realm as in dimension or density?[^5]

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do we know of these other realms or densities as other star systems or planets?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Jesus grew up to the age of twelve, at which point he was Bar Mitzvahed, is that correct?

**A:** He was Bar Mitzvahed at the age of 10.

**Q:** (L) Did he at that time receive training elsewhere?

**A:** Aramaic rite.[^6]

**Q:** (L) Did Jesus, during the course of his growing up years travel to other countries and study under other masters?[^7]

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where did he receive his teaching or training?

**A:** Channeled to him.

**Q:** (L) Did he at any point in his life travel to India?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did he travel to Egypt and undergo an initiation in the Great Pyramid?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) He lived his entire life in Palestine?

**A:** Near. In that general area. The Bible is not entirely accurate.

**Q:** (L) When Jesus attended the marriage at Cana, whose wedding was it?

**A:** Did not happen.

**Q:** (L) Did Jesus feed thousands of people with a few loaves and fishes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that all the miracles of the Bible are myths?

**A:** Remember this is corrupted information altered after the fact for purposes of political and economic gain and control.

**Q:** (L) Tell us what Jesus really did.

**A:** He taught spiritual truths to those starving for them.

**Q:** (L) And what was the basis of these spiritual truths?

**A:** Channeled information from higher sources.

**Q:** (L) What is the truth that Jesus taught?

**A:** That all men are loved by the creator and are one with same.[^8]

**Q:** (L) Did he perform miracles?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us about one or two of them?

**A:** Healing.

**Q:** (L) Was he able to literally heal with the touch of his hand?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he perform exorcisms?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is Reiki the method he used to heal; or something similar?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way to enhance the Reiki energy to make it powerful enough that one could do in a very short time what now takes quite a while?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What can one do to enhance the Reiki energy?

**A:** Attain lofty spiritual purity.

**Q:** (L) I have here two sets of Reiki symbols; which set is the correct or most powerful set: the first set or the second? {Holds up two sets of symbols}

**A:** The second set.

**Q:** (L) Are these the original Reiki symbols as given to Dr. Usui?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are the Reiki symbols in the possession of Caroline the correct symbols?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are the symbols that Ann is using correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Ann able to transmit the initiation in a full and powerful way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is she just wasting her time thinking she is doing the transmitting as I suspect?[^9]

**A:** Yours.

**Q:** (L) Is there someone I could go to for the correct initiation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do I know that person?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who do I know that may know that person?

**A:** Helen. VG has strongest ability.[^10]

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that Vanna has the strongest Reiki ability of us all?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is her Reiki more powerful than my Reiki?

**A:** Yes. Candy has no ability. Crosses yours out.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that Candy has given me Reiki that has cancelled my own Reiki out?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (L) We did four hypnosis sessions with Candy where she discussed abduction experiences and so forth. Was any of that information that she gave embellished in any way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it embellished consciously or unconsciously?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Was she actually abducted by aliens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose of her abduction? What were the aliens trying to do with or to her?

**A:** Vaginal probe.

**Q:** (L) For what purpose?

**A:** Reproductive efficacy.

**Q:** (L) But Candy has had a hysterectomy.

**A:** They found none.

**Q:** (L) Was she abducted more than one time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times has she been abducted?

**A:** 52.

**Q:** (L) How many times has Frank been abducted?

**A:** 53

**Q:** (L) Why have they been abducting Frank?

**A:** Mind.

**Q:** (L) What about his mind?

**A:** Programmed by advanced powers.

**Q:** (L) Did they abduct Candy 52 time just to do a vaginal probe?

**A:** No. That was the most recent.

**Q:** (L) What were all the previous ones for?

**A:** Study mind and tap emotions.

**Q:** (L) In other words, they have tapped her emotions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they feed off of her emotions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they feed off Frank's emotions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way to break that tap?

**A:** It is not continuous.

**Q:** (L) Do they tap my emotions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this for our benefit?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it the "bad guys" who have been doing this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way we can disconnect these taps?

**A:** Keep channeling and meditating.

**Q:** (L) What does the channeling do to break the tap?

**A:** Informs.

**Q:** (L) Let's go back to Jesus. Are the only miracles he did healing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What other kinds of miracles did he do?

**A:** Telekinesis.

**Q:** (L) Did he walk on water?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did he turn water into wine?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are these all just stories?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of the stories?

**A:** Control.

**Q:** (L) Was Jesus crucified?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was somebody crucified?

**A:** Too vague.

**Q:** (L) Was somebody crucified on a cross and represented to be Jesus?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) There was no crucifixion, there was no resurrection after three days, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is the truth on that matter?

**A:** Left earth plane on ship after extended sleep state.

**Q:** (L) When did he go into this sleep state? Did he just go in one day and go to bed and go to sleep and then a ship came and picked him up?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So he appeared to his followers to have died?

**A:** They thought this.

**Q:** (L) Did he get up and say anything to anybody before he left on the ship?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he come back to life...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And then he told them things he had seen in his extended meditative sleep, is that what happened?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what happened?

**A:** Told prophecies then proclaimed eventual return.

**Q:** (L) Was this information he got during this period of extended sleep?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How long was he asleep, or in this state of semi-death?

**A:** 96 hours.

**Q:** (L) And then, a ship arrived and took him away, is that correct?

**A:** Yes. Upon pillar of light.

**Q:** (L) Are there any other miracles he did that are outstanding?

**A:** Miracles are subjective.

**Q:** (L) Did he raise Lazarus from the dead?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did he raise anybody from the dead?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay, when he got to this other plane, what did he do?

**A:** Vague question.

**Q:** (L) Is there any special power or advantage in praying in the name of Jesus?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, if he didn't die and release his spirit into the earth plane, how is this power conferred?

**A:** Prayers go to him.

**Q:** (L) And what does he do when he hears the prayers?

**A:** Determines their necessity against background of individual soul development.

**Q:** (L) You said that when a person prays to Jesus that he makes some sort of a decision, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, how can he do that when millions of people are praying to him simultaneously?

**A:** Soul division.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by soul division?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean soul division as in cellular mitosis where a cell splits and replicates itself?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does Jesus' soul divide?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times does it divide?

**A:** Endlessly as a projection of consciousness.

**Q:** (L) And what happens to this piece of soul that is divided or projected?

**A:** Is not a piece of a soul.

**Q:** (L) What is it?

**A:** It is a replication.

**Q:** (L) Is each replication exactly identical to the original?

**A:** Yes. And no.

**Q:** (L) In what way is the replicated soul different from the original?

**A:** Not able to give individual attention.

**Q:** (L) Are any of us able to replicate in this manner if we so desire?

**A:** Could if in same circumstance. The way the process works is thus: When Jesus left the earth plane, he went into another dimension or density of reality, whereupon all "rules" regarding the awareness of time and space are entirely different from the way they are perceived in your realm. At this point in space time his soul which was/is still in the physical realm, was placed in a state of something akin to suspended animation and a sort of advanced form of unconsciousness. From that point to the present his soul has been replicated from a state of this unconsciousness in order that all who call upon him or need to be with him or need to speak to him can do so on an individual basis. His soul can be replicated ad infinitum--as many times as needed. The replication process produces a state of hyper-consciousness in each and every version of the soul consciousness.[^11]

**Q:** (L) Who was Jack the Ripper?

**A:** Dr. Bates.

**Q:** (L) Did he commit suicide and is that why the Ripper killings stopped?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did he just stop doing it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why did he do it?

**A:** Experiment human organs; he was a mad surgeon.[^12]

**Q:** (L) Was Adolf Hitler possessed by demons or evil spirits?[^13]

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was Adolf Hitler under the control of the negatively oriented aliens?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Where is Adolf Hitler now?

**A:** Sleeping.

**Q:** (L) How long will he sleep?

**A:** Indefinite.

**Q:** (L) Will Adolf Hitler return to incarnation at some point in the future?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you predict what kind of life he will lead in his future incarnation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The passages attributed to Jesus in Matthew 24 and Luke 21, where Jesus predicts the end of the age and his return, is that fairly accurately rendered?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is Jesus, in fact, in a state of suspension, voluntarily, in another plane of existence, having chosen to give up his life on this plane in order to continuously generate replications of his soul pattern for other people to call upon for assistance?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If one calls upon him more than once, does one get a double dose?

**A:** Define.

**Q:** (L) If one repeatedly calls upon Jesus does one get repeated replications or additional strength, power or whatever?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In other words, once one has truly made the connection, that's it?

**A:** That's all that's needed.

**Q:** (L) Has any other soul volunteered to perform this work?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many souls are doing this work at the present time?

**A:** 12.

**Q:** (L) Can you name any of the others?

**A:** Buddha. Moses. Shintanhilmoon.[^14] Nagaillikiga.[^15] Varying degrees; Jesus is the strongest currently.

**Q:** (L) What year did the Exodus occur counting backward from now according to our calendrical system?

**A:** 4670.[^16]

**Q:** (L) At that time did a cometary Venus pass close to the earth and cause disruption?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Venus born from the planet Jupiter?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did it appear in the sky from the area of Jupiter?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was the earth knocked into a new orbital position because of this activity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is an event of this type going to take place in the not-too-distant future?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Did an event of this type take place at the time of the flood of Noah?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many years ago did the flood of Noah occur?

**A:** 12656. (10,662 B.C.)

**Q:** (L) Was Noah an actual historical person?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was Noah the same person described in the Babylonian or Sumerian texts as Utnapishtim?[^17]

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Which is the older civilization: Sumerian or Egyptian?

**A:** Sumerian.

**Q:** (L) Who were Enlil[^18] and Enki[^19], the Annunaki[^20] of Sumerian stories?

**A:** Great teachers.

**Q:** (L) Were they human or extraterrestrial?

**A:** Extraterrestrial.

**Q:** (L) Where did they come from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Was the human race genetically engineered to be slaves?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And who were the genetic engineers of this slavehood?

**A:** Lizard beings.[^21]

**Q:** (L) Where do they come from: earth or another planet?

**A:** Other.

**Q:** (L) What planet from?

**A:** Qaddeera.[^22]

**Q:** (L) What star system is that in?

**A:** Zeta Reticuli.[^23]

**Q:** (L) Are the little gray beings from Zeta Reticuli also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the little gray beings...

**A:** Cybergenetic.[^24]

**Q:** (L) Are they created by the lizards?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they have souls?

**A:** They are Decoys.

**Q:** (L) Are the Lizzies currently with us?

**A:** Near.

**Q:** (L) Are the Lizzies planning to take over our planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they planning on landing and doing this openly?

**A:** Close.[^25]

**Q:** (L) Do they utilize such things as possession by dark energy forms to effect their control?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What other groups are they in cahoots with?

**A:** Orions.

**Q:** (L) How many members are there in the Orion/Lizzie group?

**A:** 16.

**Q:** (L) Who are the good guys? You say the Cassiopaeans are the good guys. Who else?

**A:** Pleiadeans and many others.

**Q:** (L) How many?

**A:** 16.[^26]

**Q:** (L) Are the sides equally balanced?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do the good guys abduct people?

**A:** No. They may contact and voluntarily transport.

**Q:** (L) Who really killed Abraham Lincoln?

**A:** Booth. Conspiracy.

**Q:** (L) Who was the head of the conspiracy?

**A:** Booth. But was not caught; was patsy stand in.

**Q:** (L) Was the story of Noah's flood the story of the breaking up of Atlantis?

**A:** Yes. But symbolic.

**Q:** (L) How many people were on the planet at that time?

**A:** 6 billion.

**Q:** (L) Out of this six billion people, how many survived?

**A:** 119 million. (or 19 million)[^27]

**Q:** (L) Was Noah's flood caused by the close passage of another celestial body?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Which body was that?

**A:** Martek.

**Q:** (L) Do we know this body in our solar system now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What name?

**A:** Mars.

**Q:** (L) Was Martek an inhabited planet at that time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did it have water or other features?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When it passed close to the earth did it, in fact, overload our planet with water we did not have prior to that time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did we, prior to that time, have a water-vapor canopy surrounding our planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this the time of the major dying of the large dinosaurs?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What event transpired to kill off most of the dinosaurs?

**A:** Beasts.

**Q:** (L) What kind of beasts?

**A:** Mastodon, sabertooth tiger, giant sloth, etc.[^28]

**Q:** (L) Was it a cosmic event that brought about the death of some of the largest dinosaurs?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It did not happen at the time of Noah, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did it happen before the flood of Noah?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many thousands of years ago counting backward?

**A:** 27 million years ago.[^29]

**Q:** (L) What event took place at that time that caused the death of the dinosaurs?

**A:** Comet impact.

**Q:** (L) Did a comet actually strike the earth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it a large comet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How large?

**A:** 18 miles diameter.

**Q:** (L) Is there any regular periodicity or cycle to this comet business?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the period?

**A:** 3600 years roughly.[^30]

**Q:** (L) Was Velikovsky correct when he said Venus was on a 52 year orbit during a certain period in our history?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) How many passes did Venus make through the solar system before it was precipitated into a regular planetary orbit?

**A:** 7

**Q:** (L) Where did Venus originally come from?

**A:** 19 light years away.

**Q:** (L) So, it is actually an extra-solar system visitor?

**A:** Yes.[^31]

**Q:** (L) Is it true that at regular intervals the sun radiates massive amounts of electromagnetic energy which then causes the planets of the solar system to interact with one another to a greater or lesser extent?[^32]

**A:** Other irregular pulsations determined by external vibrational events.

**Q:** (L) The sun is not the source of the periodicity of "dyings", is that correct?

**A:** Sometimes. Many causes.

**Q:** (L) Well what is the cause that recurs like clockwork? Is there some cause that is a regular pulsation?[^33]

**A:** Cometary showers.

**Q:** (L) Where are these cometary showers from?

**A:** Clusters in own orbit.

**Q:** (L) Where is the orbit of these clusters? Is it the Oort cloud?[^34]

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where is the orbit of clusters of comets located?

**A:** More specific.

**Q:** (L) A specific orbit containing clusters of comets?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does this cluster of comets orbit around the sun?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the orbit perpendicular to the plane of the ecliptic?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) Does this cluster come into the plane of the ecliptic and cause havoc in the solar system?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) How often does this cluster of comets come into the plane of the ecliptic?

**A:** 3600 years.

**Q:** (L) Is this cluster of comets the remains of a planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the cluster of fragments in between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter the remains of a planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was that planet known as?

**A:** Kantek.

**Q:** (L) When did that planet break apart into the asteroid belt.

**A:** 79 thousand years ago approximately.

**Q:** (L) What body were the Sumerians talking about when they described the Planet of the crossing or Nibiru?

**A:** Comets.

**Q:** (L) This body of comets?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does this cluster of comets appear to be a single body?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this the same object that is rumored to be on its way here at the present time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who were the Annunaki?

**A:** Aliens.

**Q:** (L) Where were they from?

**A:** Zeta Reticuli.

**Q:** (L) Do they come here every time the comet cluster is approaching to sap the souls energy created by the fear, chaos and so forth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The two events are loosely interrelated?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that why they are here now?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is there a large fleet of space-ships riding a wave, so to speak, approaching our planet?[^35]

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where are these ships from?

**A:** Zeta Reticuli.

**Q:** (L) When will they arrive?

**A:** 1 month to 18 years.[^36]

**Q:** (L) How can there be such a vast discrepancy in the time?

**A:** This is such a huge fleet that space/time warping is irregular and difficult to determine as you measure time.

**Q:** (L) Are these craft riding a "wave" of some sort?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many planets are in our solar system?

**A:** 12

**Q:** (L) Could you tell us the names of all the planets, their distances from the sun, the chemical composition, and the diameter.

A:

* Mercury=Opatanar, 36 million miles from Sun; 3000 mi. diameter.

* Venus=Pemuntar, 67 million miles from Sun; 7,500 mi. diameter.

* Earth=Saras, 93 million miles from Sun; 7,900 mi. diameter.

* Mars=Masar, 141,500,000 miles from Sun; 4,200 mi. diameter.

* Jupiter=Yontar, 483,400,000 miles from Sun; 88,700 diameter.

* Saturn=Zendar, 886,700,000 miles from Sun; 74,500 diameter.

* Uranus=Lonoponor, 1,782,700,000 miles from Sun; 31,566 diameter.

* Neptune=Jinoar, 2,794,300,000 miles from Sun; 30,199 diameter.

* Pluto=Opikimanaras, 3,666,100,000 miles from Sun; 1,864 diameter.

* NI=Montonanas, 570,000,000,000 miles from Sun; solid matter; 7000 miles diameter.

* NII=Suvurutarcar, 830,000,000,000 miles from Sun; 18000 miles diameter; hydrogen, ammonia.

* NIII=Bikalamanar, 1,600,000,000,000 miles from Sun; 46000 miles diameter; hydrogen, ammonia.

END OF SESSION

[^1]: Reading in a very well researched book entitled "Lost Survivors of the Deluge," by Gerd von Hassler and translated from the German by Martin Ebon, we find the following relating to this mysterious "Tonatha":

    "In the Bible it says: "And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto the,, that the Sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of all which they chose. And the Lord said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be but a hundred and twenty years.

    "With this Divine dictum, the golden times, when gods and their direct offspring lived to be 900 years old, and more, came to an end.

    "For hundreds of years, these lines have troubled religious scholars, because direct and literal translations specifically yields the term "Sons of God," as pursuing human maidens. Accordingly, some 2,000 years were devoted to many an inspired and convoluted explanation, in order to come to terms with a notion that fits neither the concepts of the Bible, nor that of a heavenly Divine Creator, but had to be given an appropriate interpretation.

    "This is a fact [since the Deluge] we have lost godlike Near-Immortality and all the efforts to intensify the quality of the divine blood through incest - as both the Inca Emperors and the Pharaohs attempted - had to fail. [...] The Divine Blood had been diluted.

    "But God had desired the equality of the divine with the human. The Bible tells us: And God said, let us make man in our image, after our likeness...

    "Let us make man in our image' is but one of the somewhat dictatorial decisions of democratic majorities within a family of gods, to be found in all the world's myths.

    "This brings us to the crucial question. It is, indeed, so vital and controversial that St. Boniface, when he presented it to the Frisians during his missionary journey on June 5, 754, was put to death by the sword! Today, we may ask such a question without facing the sword; it is: Just what is the name of the God-Creator? What is the name of the god who governed the earth even before the Deluge; this God of Gods, rightly called Father of the Gods, and thus Father of all Mankind? To put it even more simply: If a highly developed civilization existed more than 10,000 year ago, governing the world's then populated regions, and if the God-King was able to aid his contemporaries in surviving the Deluge catastrophe, surely the name of this ruler must have been handed down to later generations of survivors; who was he?

    "We know from the Epic of Gilgamesh, of the horrible Enlil, who was responsible for the Deluge. The other gods did not think highly of him, but feared him a good deal. His influence never extended beyond Mesopotamia. His antagonist, Shamash, the Sun God, enjoyed greater prestige. He remains, notably in Asia even today, a figure of magical power, the epitome of the shaman. But even the early Egyptians called their Sun God by a different name, Ra. This need not mean much, because Plato tells us that the Egyptians had even then developed a unique and high level of civilization hostile toward the unknown earlier culture.

    "The Egyptian term 'Ra' was integrated into the language of early Peru, where we encounter the annual sun festival Rami or Raymi. But this adaptation undoubtedly dates back only to the period following the Deluge, as does the word 'Wotan.' This enables us to draw a firm dividing line: we are able to eliminate all gods who emerged from the post-Deluge civilizations as creators of cultures, builders of cities, magicians or agronomists. The ONE God for whom we search has to be the father - or even ancestor - of this post-Deluge generation of gods. Just as Tuisto, father of Mannus, was the ancestor of Germanic culture.

    "Tuisto? Can that be accurate? Or did Tacitus fail to understand the name correctly? The curious linking of the darkest and lightest vowel in our language brings back a curious association. Of course! It is Tiu, the god whom the early Germans recalled when they made up the calendar and named one day of the week after him: Tuesday. Otherwise he has been overshadowed by the ever-present Wotan-Odin, as the highest Ruler of the Heavens. This replacement took place, at the latest, during the Volkerwanderung, the Great Migration that caused a gigantic upheaval of populations on the Eurasian land mass. We may even assume that, just because Tiu (or Ziu) was removed heavenward, the very vigorous Wotan managed to take his place in human imagination and thought. It was a fate that Wotan experienced himself later on, when missionaries cut down the very oaks that had been dedicated to his divine presence.

    "Tiu-Ziu was just as much one of the Aesir as Wotan had been. And the Aesir had even managed to infiltrate the antagonist worlds of Egypt and Mesopotamia, representing the sun and divine wisdom. [...] I do think, however, that our search for the original name of the primal Creator-God should not get bogged down in such minute details. The survivors of the Deluge of whom we learn from the Bible and the earlier Gilgamesh Epic and other traditions, were themselves survivors of the earlier world of gods. [...] Over thousands of years, they passed on a handful of names. No doubt, precisely how much and what one name or another had originally meant may simply have been forgotten over the long, long years.

    "If we concentrate on the godlike of God Ziu, we discover the following points:

    Zius was the highest god of northern Europe;

    As Zeus, he was the highest god of ancient Greece;

    As Jupiter (Iu-Pitar = Tius-Pater) he was the Father God of ancient Rome;

    As Deus (from which we derive 'Deity') he was the basic concept of the heavenly, the only Deity in the Latin liturgy of the Church, and the God in all Romance languages, as well as in the word 'theology')

    As Ometeotle (again, 'theology' is closely related) he was the highest god of the Mayan culture.

    As Cinteotl and God of Corn he is equivalent to Quetzalcoatl, the WHITE GOD;

    As TONATIUH, he was the Sun God, who provided the Aztecs with a sort of Valhalla for their war dead.

    As Xiuhtecutli, he was the Fire God of ancient Mexico.

    As Tirawa-Atius, the highest divinity of the Pawnee, he was credited with populating the world with 'giants.'

    As Tieholtsodi, the monster who caused the Deluge and ruled all waters, he exists in the traditions of the Navajos;

    As Szeu-kha, he is the son of the Creator-God whom the Pima Indians knew as floating above the Deluge;

    As the falcon Tiuh-Tiuh of the Guatemaltec Indians he mixed the blood of a snake with that of a tapir, kneaded it with corn-flour and 'thus created the flesh of man.' This tribe says that it came from Tulan, the Place of the Sun, across the sea.

    "We have previously mentioned the divine cities Tiahuanaco and Teotihuacan. To this should be added the holy plants, including the mushroom Teonacatl which caused divine visions.

    "All of this narrows down to one conclusion - which nevertheless is not definitive - and that is: our old Tuesday God, Tiu, was a divine Ruler-God in primeval times and his name imprinted itself so deeply into human memory that it has survived thousands upon thousands of years." [Von Hassler, 1976]

[^2]: As time went by, we learned that when the Cassiopaeans say "close," we needed to pay attention to the specific terms and assumptions we were making. Being "close" to "unable to father children" could as easily mean that he was unable because of choice or unable because of physical factors. It could even mean that the word "unable" was only close.

[^3]: Interestingly, if this date is taken as correct, it certainly solves a number of problems in terms of where, when and how the early Christian church got it's start relative to where, when and how the earliest epistles were written, since they were being passed around well before the gospels were written, and Paul claimed to have been a Christian before Christianity could reasonably be considered to have begun, going by the standard "dating" of the birth of Jesus.

[^4]: If one considers the possibility of a spaceship appearing in those times, there are two problems that can be immediately reconciled. The first is the constant effort to find the "right" celestial event so as to pinpoint Jesus birthdate. The second is the fact that, apparently there IS some strong reason to hold on to the tradition that something unusual occurred at this time in the heavens.

[^5]: We were still a bit confused as to the difference between "dimension" and "density." We had all read the Ra Material by this time, and knew that there seemed to be some essential difference, but we had not yet formulated exactly how to use these terms.

[^6]: This refers to the previous remark about the Bar Mitzvah at the age of 10. I still haven't found an tradition that refers to this specifically.

[^7]: This is a fairly common explanation offered by many channeled sources over the past couple hundred years. It seems that none of these sources, even though they claimed to be using the technique themselves, could accept the idea of a truly "miraculous" download of knowledge or grace. Thus, there were many attempts to explain the source of Jesus' teachings in the many schools and systems prevalent in the world at that time. I should also note that this was my first clue that we were definitely NOT dealing with the run-of-the-mill channeled source. It would have been so easy to just go with the flow of all other channeled sources and make up a long story about all the various initiations and teachings and so forth that would explain Jesus mission in "realistic" or materialistic terms. But the Cassiopaeans were obviously not going to be seduced by taking the easy way. And, by so doing, they actually gave to the figure of Jesus more honor and puissance than those channeled sources that had sought for so long to "normalize" the existence of Jesus.

[^8]: In this short series of questions and answers, the Cassiopaeans took with one hand and gave with the other. The result was, of course, that Jesus became more accessible and at the same time more remarkable.

[^9]: See The Wave for more info on Reiki.

[^10]: VG was an occasional sitter with the experiment.

[^11]: So, finally, the Cassiopaeans gave an explanation for the "power of Jesus" that was, on the one hand, rational and, on the other hand, totally comprehensible from the human perspective. Not only that, it could be inferred from what was said here that the mythicization of Jesus, the corrupting of his teachings, and the substituting of the myths of other "dying saviour" cults over the truth of his life, amounts to the work of those who wish to confuse and corrupt mankind for purposes of control and domination. We can see that the idea was to present Jesus as a performer of miracles that are unavailable to humanity for the most part, so that this would distort human understanding of what the life experience of Jesus here on earth was all about; and further, how it applies to each and every one of us in a direct and meaningful way. That is to say, when Jesus claimed that "these things I do, you can do too," it was far more attainable than standard religious teachings would have us believe. This explanation also brings a whole new meaning to the saying: "Greater love hath no man than that he should give up his life for his friends." To submit oneself to crucifixion, knowing that one will "rise again to eternal life" in three days, is no real sacrifice. But to submit to a state of suspended animation in a "time warp cocoon" for thousands of years that may seem like eternity, is a very great sacrifice, indeed.

[^12]: I have a rather large collection of books on the subject of Jack the Ripper. Each and every one of them proposes a different solution to the identity of the killer. And each of these books is written logically, sincerely, and with a great deal of research to back up the conclusions. In the end, it is difficult to favor one solution over another. I wonder if the Cassiopaeans use of the term "Dr. Bates" was a sly allusion to the character of the movie "Psycho," the unforgettable Norman Bates of the Bates Motel? And, if so, was it an indicator of a type of killer, rather than an actual name?

[^13]: After reading several biographies of Adolf Hitler, there were several incidents in his life that stood out in my mind as having been potential points of possession by evil spirits in the terms described by Dr. William Baldwin in his book "Spirit Releasement Therapy." One of these incidents was the fact that a brother of Hitler died when he was a child, and this was noted as a point in which his entire personality changed. His family home was next to a graveyard, and he was known to spend much time sitting on the wall, staring at the tombstones. Such morbidity in a young child is often precursor behavior for possession.

[^14]: I have never come across anything that seems remotely similar to this name, but it strikes me as having an Oriental flavor. Perhaps it is related to the Shinto religion of Japan?

[^15]: Again, the only relationship I can think of to make to this name is that it has the feel of India, with the term "Naga" incorporated into it.

[^16]: This would put the Exodus at 2676 B.C. As it happens, some very mysterious things were going on in Egypt at that time. Those who wish to research this more thoroughly should look into the figure of the Pharaoh Peribsen, who suddenly imposed the worship of the dark god Set on the Egyptian people. Another thing to consider is that this was very close to 3100 B.C, a time of some sort of global disruption recorded in ice cores and tree rings. This date is different from the one proposed by Immanuel Velikovsky. The fact is, there was some sort of discontinuity of many ancient cultures which occurred at both these periods: 3100-2500 B.C. and 1600 B.C.

[^17]: In the Sumerian poems he is a wise king and priest of Shurrupak; in the Akkadian sources he is a wise citizen of Shurrupak. He is the son of Ubara-Tutu, and his name is usually translated as "He Who Saw Life". He is the protégé of the god Ea, by whose connivance he survives the flood, with his family and with 'the seed of all living creatures'. Afterwards he is taken by the gods to live for ever at 'the mouth of the rivers' and given the epithet 'Faraway'. His name means "he found life" (i.e. immortality). According to the Sumerians he lives in Dilmun where the sun rises. He is the main character of the Flood story in the eleventh table of the Gilgamesh epic. In an different version of this epic (such as the Atrachasis myth for instance) he is named Atrachasis, "the exceptional wise one". Old Babylonian Utanapishtim, Sumerian Ziusudra. He shows many similarities with the much more recent biblical Noah.

[^18]: In ancient Sumero-Babylonian myth, Enlil ("lord wind") is the god of air, wind and storms. Enlil is the foremost god of the Mesopotamian pantheon, and is sometimes referred to as Kur-Gal ("great mountain"). In the Sumerian cosmology he was born of the union of An heaven, and Ki earth. These he separated, and he carried off the earth as his portion. In later times he supplanted Anu as chief god. His consort is Ninlil with whom he has five children: Nanna, Nerigal, Ningirsu, Ninurta, and Nisaba. Enlil holds possession of the Tablets of Destiny which gives him power over the entire cosmos and the affairs of man. He is sometimes friendly towards mankind, but can also be a stern and even cruel god who punishes man and sends forth disasters, such as the great Flood which wiped out humanity with the exception of Atrahasis. Enlil is portrayed wearing a crown with horns, symbol of his power. His most prestigious temple was in the city Nippur, and he was the patron of that city. His equivalent is the Akkadian god Ellil.

[^19]: The Sumerian high god of water and intellect, creation, wisdom and medicine who could restore the dead to life. He was the source of all secret and magical knowledge of life and immortality. Enki possessed the secret of me, 'culture, civilization', which is the genius of progress in knowledge to lead humanity. He invented civilization for the people and assigned to each his destiny. He created order in the cosmos. He filled the rivers with fish. He invented the plough and the yoke so that farmers could till the earth with oxen. He made the grain grow. He is the father of all plants. In most myths his consort is Damkina, or Ninhursag, who gave him a daughter. Enki is depicted on a relief holding Zu, the storm-bird. His main cult center was Eridu in ancient Sumer, one of the first cities in the world. He was called Ea in Babylonian, King of Apsu.

[^20]: The Annunaki are described by Z. Sitchin as the "sons of An," the Sumerian high God over all the other gods. He includes Enlil and Enki among them, though the facts may be somewhat confused. "Annunaku" was the Akkadian name for a group of gods of the underworld. They function as judges in the realm of the dead. Their counterparts are the Igigi (although in some texts the positions are reversed). The Annunaku show many similarities with the Sumerian Anunna. The Anunnaku are the offspring of Anu.

[^21]: Charles Fort, an obsessive collector of anomalous events, once remarked that the only conclusions he could draw from all his research, was that Earth was "owned" by some beings who we could neither see nor comprehend. Barbara Marciniak's Pleiadians say, in Bringers of the Dawn:

    "During Earth's early history, there were wars in space for ownership of this planet. ...Skirmishes took place, and Earth became a place of duality. ...When this skirmish occurred, a certain group of entities fought in space and won the territory of Earth. These new owners did not want the native Earth species - the humans - to be informed of what took place. Uninformed, the species would be easier to control. This is why light is information and darkness is lack of information. ... These new owners who came here 300,000 years ago are the magnificent beings spoken of in your Bible, in the Babylonian and Sumerian tablets, and in texts all over the world. ...Who were these gods from ancient times? They were beings who were able to move reality and to command the spirits of nature to bend to their will. ...The creator gods who have been ruling this planet have the ability to become physical, though mostly they exist in other dimensions. They keep Earth in a certain vibrational frequency while they create emotional trauma to nourish themselves. ...In order to have you believe they were Gods with a big G, they rearranged you genetically. ...The gods who did this are magnificent space creatures. They can do many kinds of manipulations and work with realities in many different ways. ...Some of these creator gods married and merged their line... The creator gods would mix one kind with another to see what they could create. Remember, they understood genetics, and all things were created by manifesting and using the life force and understanding how the life force works. ...Who are these beings... the Dark T-shirts? Be kind when you speak of the forces of darkness. Do not speak as if they are bad. Simply understand that they are uninformed, and they create systems that are uninformed because that is how they believe they must operate. They fought at one time and separated themselves from knowledge, so now they desperately hold onto their existing knowledge and onto life as they have evolved it into being. It is life based on fear, life that does not honor other life, life that uses other life. Who are these beings? They are the reptiles. These space beings are part human and part reptilian. We call them Lizzies because we like to make things a little less emotional and a little humorous so that you don't take them so seriously and get so upset. We are not here to frighten you - we are here to inform you....Creator gods take many forms, and they are not all Lizzies. There are creator gods who are insectlike. We Pleiadians are associated with the creator gods that are birdlike and reptilian. ...At one time, the birds and the reptiles worked together, and at other times they fought."

    The Cassiopaean perspective is slightly different from the Pleiadian perspective as the reader will soon see. However, there are many terms and concepts that are similar, if not identical.

    From  The Two Babylons  by Alexander Hislop, which is a rant against Catholicism, which, in the process of demolishing he also manages to demolish Christianity altogether, though that was not his intent, we find the following:

    "Baal-abirin signified The Winged One. ...Now, the understanding of this equivocal sense of Baal-aberin can alone explain the remarkable statement of Aristophanes, that at the beginning of the world, 'the birds were first created, and then after their creation, came the race of the blessed immortal gods. ...Let it only be borne in mind that 'the birds' - that is, the 'winged ones,' - symbolized 'the Lords of the mighty ones.' In the Polynesian story the heavens and earth are said to have been 'bound together with cords,' and the 'severing' of these cords is said to have been effected by myriads of 'dragon-flies,' which, with their 'wings,' bore an important share in the great work. The deified 'mighty ones' were often represented as winged serpents.... There is hardly a people or kindred on earth in whose mythology the overcoming of a vile, serpentine oppressor is not shadowed forth. The Greeks represented their great god Apollo as slaying the serpent Pytho, and Hercules as strangling serpents while yet in his cradle. In Egypt, in India, in Scandinavia, in Mexico, we find clear allusions to the same great truth. The evil genius of the adversaries of the Egyptian god Horus is frequently figured under the form of a snake, whose head he is seen piercing with a spear."

    All over the world, from time immemorial, gods have been represented with scales. Most analysts have interpreted this to be a symbolic representation of the "powers" of the gods. Or the "wisdom" of the serpent. But why a serpent would acquire any kind of cachet as wise simply does not compute in any way, shape or form. How do we explain the ubiquitous presence of a serpent race on earth? Perhaps it is because at one time, or at various times, and even still, they are present in our realm, but as hyperdimensional beings; the secret Control System that owns Earth.

[^22]: I have never found anything that relates to this name.

[^23]: A binary star system that is roughly 37 light years away from Earth. The aliens that abducted Betty and Barney Hill (See: "The Interrupted Journey" by Raymond Fowler) were calculated to come from a planet in this system, and Bob Lazar claimed that the nine UFOs he saw in S-4 came from one of the planets in the Zeta Reticuli star system.

[^24]: Cyber - from a Greek word that means "to steer, navigate, direct," and "genetic," or creation. In other words, genetically engineered.

[^25]: Remember that "close" gets no cigar. It took us awhile to learn this and to go back to questions that had been answered this way to try and pin down exactly how close we were or were not!

[^26]: This does not refer to individuals, but to distinct "groups" or "types" of "aliens." It seems to me that there may be some "mystical" significance to this number 16. It is, in fact, the exact number of pieces on a chess board, and the chess board has been the symbol of mystical reality for millennia. And the game of chess is played on a board with 64 squares which is 4 times 16. Broken down in another way, on the chessboard there are 8 "dominant" pieces and 8 pawns to each side and the number 8 will be seen to figure significantly as we go along. Keep spiders and scorpions in mind, for example.

[^27]: I am not sure of this figure. The early tapes were destroyed, and the notes have the number both ways with a couple of cross-outs.

[^28]: Despite the range of possible theories over the years, scientists are now virtually certain that the demise of the dinosaurs and thousands of other prehistoric plant and animal species was caused by the impact of a massive meteor on Earth some 65 million years ago. Around this date, dinosaur evidence first began disappearing from the fossil record. But, far from popular belief, all the dinosaurs and other species were not wiped out with a bang, but instead gradually disappeared as a result of the consequences of the impact over a long period of time, perhaps millions of years.

    When the 10 kilometre-wide meteor struck, the explosive equivalent was larger than the capabilities of the world's entire nuclear arsenal. Molten lava, created by the Earth being crushed beneath the meteor, spewed out over the area for hundreds of kilometres. Tidal waves made the effect of the impact travel even further afield, destroying coastal and marine life in the vicintity. While significant, these events alone would probably not have wiped out entire species. But once the initial impact had died down, the major long term effects came into play. The atmosphere was filled with dust and microscopic debris which effectively blocked out the sunlight. The resulting death of plant life over time, and the plunging temperatures, radically altered the world's climate and hence the world's ecosystem. Based on the ocean floor samples, the researchers estimate that anything up to 70 percent of the planet's species were wiped out as a result of this prolonged and harsh winter. The main survivors of this scenario were those species adapted to life underground or in the oceans, or those that ate meat.

[^29]: The accepted date of most scientists is 65 million years ago. However, after considerable study of the matter, we come to the idea that science may not be taking all things into consideration when setting up these dates. In particular, what is not being considered is the possibility that magnetic aberrations caused by ancient cataclysms might alter the isotopal imprints of matter. Electromagnetic surges could scramble the radiological dating, as well as other dating methods. These problems are discussed by some scientists, but they are generally not allowed to be heard in the mainstream journals.

[^30]: This is the same period suggested by Zecharia Sitchin for the "return" of the 10th planet. And, the fact is, there is evidence that possible cataclysmic type activity does occur on Earth at exactly such an interval based on analysis of ice core samples.

[^31]: In 1967, a Russian space probe, Venera 4, and the American Mariner 5, arrived at Venus within a few hours of each other. Venera 4 was designed to allow an instrument package to land gently on the planet's surface via parachute. It ceased transmission of information in about 75 minutes when the temperature it read went above 500 degrees F. After considerable controversy, it was agreed that it still had 20 miles to go to reach the surface. The U.S. probe, Mariner 5, went around the dark side of Venus at a distance of about 6,000 miles. Again it detected no significant magnetic field but its radio signals passed to earth through Venus' atmosphere twice -- once on the night side and once on the day side. The results are startling. Venus' atmosphere is nearly all carbon dioxide and must exert a pressure at the planet's surface of up to 100 times the earth's normal sea- level pressure of one atmosphere. Since the earth and Venus are about the same size, and were presumably formed at the same time by the same general process from the same mixture of chemical elements, one is faced with the question: which is the planet with the unusual history -- Earth or Venus?

[^32]: It was a theory of mine that the sun itself was responsible for the periodic cataclysms in the solar system; that it had major long period oscillations that were capable of so charging the bodies of the solar system with electrical energy that their mutual attraction or repulsion would cause them to interact with one another without the need for an "outside agent." I was pretty fond of this theory, too!

[^33]: In one of the many books on the subject that I read about catastrophe theory, the story was told of the scientist who had compiled a list of all the extinct species and supposed times of their extinction and fed his data into a computer. He wanted to see if there was some biological pattern of dying out. The computer spit out rather disturbing results -- not only is there a pattern, there is a very definite cycle! Some of these "Great Dyings" were more widespread and devastating than others, but it was unmistakably a regular pulsing of extinction! This is not, to put it mildly, a pleasant thought. Formerly extinctions were thought to occur because a lot of things just coincidentally got bad all at once. The idea that the Dyings are a regular, cyclic thing implies "a single, powerful, and awesome cause, recurring like clockwork."

[^34]: Once scientists had discovered that the Great Dyings occurred inexorably like clockwork, there was a lot of sweating going on to figure out when, where, how and why. What they came up with was this: Way outside the edges of our solar system there is a ring of comets which circles around and around like good little comets should. Supposedly these are bits of matter which did not have sufficient impetus to amass into a planet, or are remnants of a planet or planets which were broken up billions of years ago. Also, spinning around out there in our galaxy somewhere is a dark star which swings close to this little band of comets, (called the Oort Cloud), and the force of the Death Star's gravity sends billions of them spinning through our solar system and, of course, a few of them smack into the earth. You will notice that this explanation does several important things. First, it maintains the steady state of our solar system - an outsider is the culprit. And, secondly, it makes the event chancy enough that we might escape if we are lucky. Based upon the dating of the extinct specimens, it is said that this event occurs once every 26 million years, or so -- give, or take a day. And, curiously, this happens to be very close to the period of time in the past that the Cassiopaeans have assigned to the death of the dinosaurs.

[^35]: I asked this question because this was a phrase used by an abductee in a hypnosis session I conducted.

[^36]: Note that this is the same period given for the window of "space wars." On the other hand, the period given for the completion of a certain program having to do with readying a new prototype being in terms of the "creation of a new race," in the first session, was given as 13 years. So, it is possible that, if these ideas are at all valid, there will be a period of 5 years when we are rockin' and rollin' here on the Big Blue Marble.

