## October 9, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have with us?

**A:** Baderea.

**Q:** (L) What do the Cassiopaeans look like?

**A:** Light form.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by light form?

**A:** Humanoid light form.

**Q:** (L) Are you physical in atomic terms?

**A:** All according to the perceiver.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean you arrange yourselves according to what the perceiver wants?

**A:** No. It is according to perception capacity.

**Q:** (L) Can you appear to us?

**A:** No. Vibrational frequency envelope of your density prevents this.

**Q:** (L) Are you ever in any way physical?

**A:** Varying degrees according to realm.

**Q:** (L) Why are you communicating with us?

**A:** Because you called.

**Q:** (L) What are the differences between the Celts and the Aryans?

**A:** Geographic and cultural.

**Q:** (L) Are there any differences inherent from the former planetary home?

**A:** No. Post arrival difference development.

**Q:** (L) Were they the same prior to arrival?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Mars ever inhabited?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) By whom?

**A:** By those you now know as Sasquatch or Bigfoot.

**Q:** (L) Do they now live on this planet as a result of being brought here by other beings?

**A:** They are transitory. Do not inhabit on a permanent basis.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do they come and go?

**A:** They are the slaves and "pets" of the Lizard Beings.

**Q:** (L) How did the Sasquatch get here from Mars?

**A:** Brought by Lizard Beings but they do not inhabit earth.

**Q:** (L) Why have Sasquatch been seen in remote places throughout history?

**A:** Put there for menial slave tasks.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that whenever Sasquatch have been seen that there is a Lizard nearby?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What menial tasks might they be doing?

**A:** Collecting samples.

**Q:** (L) Why has everyone who has ever come in contact with Sasquatch commented on the awful odor of them? Why do they stink?

**A:** Organic functions.

**Q:** (L) What is it about their organic functions that makes them stink?

**A:** Sweat.

**Q:** (L) Who killed Sir Harry Oakes?

**A:** David Crofts.

**Q:** (L) Who was St. Issa of India.

**A:** Lama Kirtanah.

**Q:** (L) Where was he from?

**A:** Palestine.

**Q:** (L) When was he in India?

**A:** 13 and 14 A.D.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank's mind programed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) To do what?

**A:** To be an open channel.

**Q:** (L) By who?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** (L) You said one other time that he was also programed by the Grays.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) To do what?

**A:** To destroy himself.

**Q:** (L) Is this why it is important for him to channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why do they feed off emotions?

**A:** To fuel their energy.

**Q:** (L) Details about Jesus' extended "sleep" state.

**A:** He spent 96 hours in a comatose state in a cave near Jerusalem. When he awoke, he prophesied to his disciples and then exited the cave. 27,000 people had assembled because of mother ship appearance and he was taken up in a beam of light.

**Q:** (L) Why did we have trouble with the tape recorder?

**A:** Influence of Lizard beings. In your head.

**Q:** (L) Why didn't you guys tell me the tape was not recording?

**A:** Must experience to learn to practice precaution.

**Q:** (L) I am going to give a list of planets written about in the Sumerian texts which Dr. Sitchen has interpreted. I would like for you to give me the true translation of these names. What was meant by {the Sumerian word}:

{In the following, the words to the left are what I called out and the words to the right of the colon are the C's responses.}

Mummu: Comet cluster.

Lahamu: Venus

Lahmu: Earth

The Hammered Bracelet: Comet trail of Venus and cluster.

Anshar: Jupiter.

Anu: Moon.

Ea: Sun.

Gaga: Saturn.

Marduk: Mars.

Tiamat: Sirius.

**Q:** (L) You say that Christ gave into temptation, could you please clarify what that means to us?

**A:** Three women represented sexual temptation. He felt bad after each. He washed himself and asked for strength and forgiveness.

**Q:** (L) What did Christ write on the ground in the story about the adulteress who was about to be stoned?

**A:** Look into soul.

**Q:** (L) That is what he wrote?

**A:** Yes. Translation.

**Q:** (L) What, exactly, does the U.S. Government know about aliens?

**A:** That they exist.

**Q:** (L) Does the government have or did they ever have a treaty with any aliens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the treaty still in effect?

**A:** Never was.

**Q:** (L) Did they try to get a treaty with them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did the aliens refuse?

**A:** No. Tricked.

**Q:** (L) How long before the U.S. government realized they had been tricked?

**A:** 19 years.

**Q:** (L) What year was this?

**A:** 1972.

**Q:** (L) Does the government have any alien technology?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this technology they were given?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this mind control technology?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Does the government have the ability to say, walk through walls as the aliens do?

**A:** Incompetent.

**Q:** (L) Does the government listen to us on the telephone?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) The individual in the Karla Turner book who had an experience similar to virtual reality, inside a blue bubble, who did this?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Who were the grays working for when they did that?

**A:** Lizard Beings.

**Q:** (L) Is M F working for either the government or the aliens?

**A:** Aliens.

**Q:** (L) Which aliens is he working for?

**A:** Lizard beings. Unwittingly.

**Q:** (L) What influence was Adolf Hitler under when he undertook to do the things he did. Who was guiding him?

**A:** Lizards. Indirectly.

**Q:** (L) What connection did they use to influence him?

**A:** Projected beings of human type, inspired forms of great Aryan spirits.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us more about the six billion people on the planet at the time of Noah's flood. Where were most of these beings living?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) In the upcoming cataclysms, which continent is going to suffer the most destruction?

**A:** As yet undetermined.

**Q:** (L) Why are there more abductions by the grays in the United States than in other countries around the world?

**A:** Government opened channel.

**Q:** (L) Are there alien bases in the United States?

**A:** Yes. New Mexico, Colorado, Off Florida, Appalachia, California.

**Q:** (L) Are these underground bases?

**A:** Yes. Also under water.

**Q:** (L) What age was I the first time I was abducted?

**A:** Three.

**Q:** (L) Who abducted me?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose of that abduction?

**A:** Encoding.

**Q:** (L) To do what?"

**A:** Kill yourself.

**Q:** (L) Why did they want me to kill myself?

**A:** Threat to reveal truth.

**Q:** (L) When did they abduct me next?

**A:** Age three.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Did they ever at any time do anything to my physical body to cause me problems?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did they do.

**A:** Implant.

**Q:** (L) What kind of implant and where?

**A:** Brain silicon.

**Q:** (L) Did they ever put one in the lower part of my spine?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was I ever abducted by you guys?

**A:** No. Contacted at age three. We do not abduct.

**Q:** (L) How did the grays know I would be a threat to them?

**A:** Image aural reading.

**Q:** (L) Is this the same reason they have abducted Frank so many times?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times have I been abducted?

**A:** 17 (This is five more than previously stated)

**Q:** (L) How many times have they abducted Frank?

**A:** 53

**Q:** (L) Why have they abducted Frank more than me?

**A:** You fight it.

**Q:** (L) When was the last time they abducted me?

**A:** Age 22

**Q:** (L) When was the last time Frank?

**A:** Age 23

**Q:** (L) So they haven't been abducting us for quite some time, is that it?

**A:** So far.

**Q:** (L) Do they have any plans to abduct either of us again?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way we can prevent it?

**A:** Knowledge channel.

**Q:** (L) Could you describe to me the true meaning of the Osirian cycle. What was the symbology of the killing of Osiris and the cutting up of the body?

**A:** Removal of knowledge centers.

**Q:** (L) Knowledge centers in what?

**A:** Your DNA.

**Q:** (L) So, the breaking up of Osiris' body represents the breaking up of the DNA in our bodies?

**A:** Partly. Also means knowledge capacity reduction.

**Q:** (L) What was the symbology of the throwing of the phallus into the river and it's being eaten by three fishes?

**A:** Sexual violence energy introduction.

**Q:** (L) What did Isis searching for her lord Osiris symbolize?

**A:** Separation of female energy from male energy union.

**Q:** (L) Does this have anything to do with brain activity?

**A:** Yes. The separating of the hemispheres of the brain.

**Q:** (L) Was this achieved through DNA modification?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did the son of Isis, Horus, represent?

**A:** New reality of limitation.

**Q:** (L) What is the meaning of Horus avenging himself upon Set, the murderer of his father, Osiris?

**A:** Beginning of perpetual conflict energy to limit humanity.

**Q:** (L) Who did Set represent?

**A:** War.

**Q:** (L) What war?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) You say that part of what was done to the human race was that our capacity to retain or absorb knowledge was reduced genetically, was there anything done to Frank or I either before or after birth in this regard?

**A:** In process of altering to make smarter. Ongoing since conception. Capacity for processing information will increase exponentially.

**Q:** (L) You mean we are going to get smarter than we already are?

**A:** Much. [Much laughter]

**Q:** (L) Who are the beings that have been abducting Karla Turner and her family?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Why have they been abducting that group of people?

**A:** Same reasons they have been abducting you and Frank.

**Q:** (L) They have been abducting Karla Turner and her family because they perceive them as a threat?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In one abduction where her son was involved, what was the black shadowy thing that seemed like a moving "nothing" on the ground?

**A:** Blocked grays. Son not as in tune as Karla. Careful driving alone to lectures and meetings.

**Q:** (L) Should she make sure there is always someone with her in the car?

**A:** At night and on lonely roads. Nephew must pay attention. Also son's friend.

**Q:** (L) Why did the Egyptians mummify their dead?

**A:** Superstition.

**Q:** (L) Was there really a curse on the tomb of King Tut that caused the deaths of many people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who put the curse there?

**A:** Egyptians. Anybody can create curse successfully with enough mental energy.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Tiffany Sessions?

**A:** Murdered.

**Q:** (L) By whom?

**A:** Bob August.

**Q:** (L) Where is the body.

**A:** Many sites. We are trying to contact Karla Turner's son's former roommate. But he is resisting. She does not realize the extreme importance. Communicate this to her now please Laura.

END OF SESSION

