## October 28, 1994
Frank, Laura, V\_\_\_\_\_

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Is someone with us?

**A:** As always.

**Q:** (L) Can we have your name please?

**A:** Gursaea.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate human?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What are you?

**A:** Cassiopaean.

**Q:** (L) There were two little boys stolen from their mother in South Carolina, we would like to know if we can obtain any information regarding this matter?

**A:** House in Union South Carolina in closet.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us any details about the house and how it could be found?

**A:** On street with lots of other houses white clapboard.

**Q:** (L) Any other details? Name of street?

**A:** Oak in name.

**Q:** (L) How close is this to where their parents are?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Where is the vehicle?

**A:** In woods West.

**Q:** (L) Are the little boys alright?

**A:** Will be found soon for comparison to ultimate results.

**Q:** (L) Why am I having these current headaches?

**A:** Changes DNA

**Q:** (L) A\_\_\_\_ suggested an ozone generator to enhance the contact. Is this a good idea?

**A:** He means well. Have him supply it.

**Q:** (L) Is it alright for me to send the edited version of our transcripts to A\_\_ B\_\_?

**A:** B\_\_ may share with questionable individuals.

**Q:** (L) Will that be detrimental to us?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** What was B\_\_'s purpose in calling me today?

**A:** Curiosity generated by UFO grapevine gossip.

**Q:** (L) What was the gossip?

**A:** W\_\_ and F\_\_ inspired intrigue.

**Q:** (L) Do these two have more contact than we would think?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) W\_\_ and F\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) W\_\_ hates F\_\_, isn't that correct?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) Should I not share information with J\_\_?

**A:** All is learning process.

**Q:** (L) Are they all in a tizzy about what we are doing here?

**A:** Generally yes. T\_\_ and J\_\_ are OK.

**Q:** (L) So T\_\_ and J\_\_ are not saying anything to W\_\_ or F\_\_ about this?

**A:** Yes. But that's not the point.

**Q:** (L) What is the point?

**A:** Motives are good omnipresently.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by that? Are we talking just about J\_\_ and T\_\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are B\_\_'s motives good?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) Are J\_\_'s motives good?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Would J\_\_ ever do anything that would damage me or this work?

**A:** Search within self for answer.

**Q:** (L) Why should we take the Melatonin?

**A:** Is mild hallucinogen.

**Q:** (L) Why do we need this?

**A:** Keeps exercising psychic abilities and opens paths. Don't be alarmed by vividly erotic dreams.

**Q:** (L) Should we expect to have vividly erotic dreams?

**A:** Possible as psyche passes through levels on ascension.

**Q:** (L) Is there a problem with the energy level tonight?

**A:** With board.

**Q:** (L) What is wrong with board.

**A:** Getting crumpled.

**Q:** (L) We need to get a new board?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) If I get a piece of glass to put on the board and felt for the planchette will that do it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Better to get a new board?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I wonder if there is a chance of getting the old Lizzies involved if we are not careful about who we tell?

**A:** Always chance of that.

**Q:** (L) We would like to have a rundown of certain UFO related individuals:

**Q:** (L) William Cooper?

**A:** Independent; good intentions; slightly overactive imagination; a little misled.

**Q:** (L) Bob Lazar supposedly worked on alien craft retro-engineering?

**A:** Did but sinister. Involved with questionable types.

**Q:** (L) His video about working at area 51 and descriptions of propulsion systems and alien craft was or was not truth?

**A:** Close to the truth. Craft tech: minor points were off.

**Q:** (L) What about Stanton Freidman?

**A:** Pure, good man.

**Q:** (L) William Moore who co-wrote the Roswell incident with Charles Berlitz?

**A:** Same as Friedman.

**Q:** (L) What about the incident where he admitted to disinformation?

**A:** Was coerced to say that by complex sources. That situation is very complex.

**Q:** (L) What about Jaime Shandera?

**A:** Misled by same as Moore. Has mixed intentions.

**Q:** (L) What about Don Ware?

**A:** Disinformation artist.

**Q:** (L) What about John Lear?

**A:** Good but overcareful.

**Q:** (L) What about Dr. Richard Boylan whose book I just read? This guy says he had an experience where he was abducted and overnight his attitude about aliens changed. Who was responsible for that abduction that changed his attitude?

**A:** The Grays changed Boylan's attitude.

**Q:** (L) What was the motivation in doing so?

**A:** Get him to dispense selective info.

**Q:** (L) What is the intent of this selective information?

**A:** Confuse investigators.

**Q:** (L) Was his mind taken over when the Grays abducted him?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (V) A Navy plane crashed on Tuesday, why did the plane crash?

**A:** Guidance system malfunction.

**Q:** (V) Why wasn't the pilot able to eject?

**A:** It was her time to go.

**Q:** (V) So none of this had anything to do with Aliens?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) I listened to a woman named Janet Dailey who says that women who have abortions have a higher incidence of breast cancer but that spontaneous abortion or miscarriage do not cause the same reaction, is this true?

**A:** Yes. But women who have their first pregnancy later in life also have higher instances of breast cancer and same for those who never get pregnant.

**Q:** (V) Does abortion create karma resulting in breast cancer?

**A:** Hormonal anomalies cause breast cancer. Karma is interconnected with physical experiences.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that having an abortion can create Karma?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (V) Is this research funded by pro-life activists?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) I think that V\_\_ wants to ask if she has Karma in this regard?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) She has not worked it out?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Bill Baldwin says abortions lead to serious spiritual attachment situations. Is this true?

**A:** Semi-accurate.

**Q:** (L) Is there some way to release this kind of karma for V\_\_ or others who have it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could you tell us?

**A:** If we tell you, you won't learn.

**Q:** (L) Now, several people have told me that there is a small child who is with me constantly, who is she and why is she here?

**A:** Next in line.

**Q:** (L) Next in line for what?

**A:** Birth.

**Q:** (L) Am I going to have another child?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) How many are there in line?

**A:** One.

**Q:** (L) Male or female?

**A:** Female.

**Q:** (L) Is this to happen within the next year?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I am 42 years old. If I were to get pregnant would I be able to have a normal pregnancy and produce a healthy infant?

**A:** Yes. Your consciousness will soon give you spectacularly sharp, exact and correct information.

**Q:** (L) Will this be due to ingesting the Melatonin?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Is soon within a month?

**A:** You will know.

**Q:** (L) I get the feeling that this has a lot to do with trusting my own intuition.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I had a very serious physical attack yesterday. What was the nature of that attack?

**A:** Gallbladder.

**Q:** (L) What should I do about it?

**A:** See ultrasound specialist.

**Q:** (L) Will Reiki heal it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) When V\_\_ had her hands on my heart area and they were visually vibrating. Is that a sign of transmission of a great deal of energy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what part of the body was that energy going to?

**A:** Chest area.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_'s hands are tingling right now. Is that Reiki energy happening right now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is my Reiki energy going to Frank and Laura as we are doing this?

**A:** All ways. You have strong natural healing power.

**Q:** (V) So, it isn't necessarily the Reiki initiation?

**A:** No. A\_\_ is misguided.

**Q:** (L) If V\_\_ had the correct initiation would this power her up so that she could do near miracles?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (V) Does E\_\_ also have this ability?

**A:** Some ability.

**Q:** (L) This evening E\_\_ was acting up, what was going on with him?

**A:** Hormonal upsurge.

**Q:** (V) Is this due to interacting with females?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (V) Female energy?

**A:** More physical.

**Q:** (V) Are they having a good time?

**A:** Fluctuating.

**Q:** (V) Is L\_\_ o.k.?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) How much longer do I have to deal with this Hormone thing with E\_\_?

**A:** 6 years.

**Q:** (L) Is patience the key?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Can Reiki clear marijuana residue from the lungs?

**A:** Partly but what if there are continuous infusions?

**Q:** (L) Is there ever a case when ingestion of pot or alcohol are beneficial in a spiritual way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_ used pot within past two weeks, why?

**A:** Search within.

**Q:** (L) Was it an outside influence?

**A:** All uncomfortable events are influenced either directly or indirectly.

**Q:** (L) Was this the passing of her uncle?

**A:** Search within.

**Q:** (L) Many years ago I was with a friend and we pulled off the road to let me drive. We both walked around the car and got in and I believe we sat there for a very long time. Was that because of the potency of what she had smoked or what?

**A:** You were abducted due to the open state produced by the drug.

**Q:** (L) What was in that stuff?

**A:** Strychnine.

**Q:** (L) Have I done great physical damage to my body through drugs?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Is it irreversible?

**A:** Not likely.

**Q:** (L) If I went on a fast would I be able to reverse the damage to my body?

**A:** Good chance.

**Q:** (L) Is that the same for Frank and V\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it advisable to take colonics with the fasting?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) Also to take vitamin supplements?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Is the Godspark the portion of the Creator that lives within us, the soul, so to speak?

**A:** Sounds good.

**Q:** (L) If the godspark is the soul within us, does anybody have godsparks times 2 or 3 or so on? That is more than others?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What type of person would have more Godspark than anybody else?

**A:** Jesus has Godsparks ad infinitum.

**Q:** (L) How does Jesus have Godsparks ad infinitum?

**A:** Soul replication for communication purposes.

**Q:** (L) So, every time we call upon Jesus, we are replenishing our Godspark?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would you describe these soul replications as being more like a template or hologram?

**A:** Hologram.

**Q:** (L) And what is his connection to the Creator that enables him to do this soul replication?

**A:** Volunteered.

**Q:** (L) Rudolf Steiner called Chirst "The most sublime human principle ever to unfold on earth," is this an accurate statement?

**A:** One interpretation.

**Q:** (L) He also said: "The Christ, who in the course of this evolution lived 3 years in the body of Jesus of Nazareth..." Is this a correct statement? Did the Christ statement enter Jesus at age 30?

**A:** Formed then.

**Q:** (L) How did this sublime being, the Christ, dwell in a human body?

**A:** Natural process caused by supremely pure faith and thought.

**Q:** (L) Yet previously you said that Jesus had sexual relations with women after he was Christed, is that correct?

**A:** No. Before.

**Q:** (L) So, after he was Christed he had no sexual relations?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Did the Christ spirit descend into the body of Jesus in his 30th year?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What happened?

**A:** Formed within him. And it could do thusly in anyone who reaches such levels of service to others plus faith and supreme levels of pure thought.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the belief that Christ descended into hell during the course of his so-called death?

**A:** Superstitions created hundreds of years after his work.

**Q:** (L) When is the credit/debit card system going to be put into effect?

**A:** 4 to 11 years.

**Q:** (L) According to shamanistic teachings, one can have animal spirits or guides. Is this correct?

**A:** Partly. You have them if you believe you have them.

**Q:** (L) If believing in them makes it so, is this belief beneficial?

**A:** All belief is beneficial at some level.

**Q:** (L) Did Jesus of Nazareth believe in animal spirits or totems?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it just New Age revival of superstition?

**A:** Shamanism is subjective and limits. Lizard inspired.

**Q:** (L) This book that is being promoted, M.A.P., what is the inspiration behind that book?

**A:** Not good.

**Q:** (L) Just for fun, If I had an animal spirit what would it be?

**A:** Peacock.

**Q:** (L) Frank?

**A:** Deer.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_?

**A:** Cat.

**Q:** (L) Do the Cassiopaens have pets?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) What do you guys do for fun?

**A:** All is fun when perceived correctly.

**Q:** (L) Should I hook up to the computer internet to use as a source to propagate channeled messages?

**A:** Yes. Go for it.

**Q:** (L) Does Frank need Caffeine as he takes it.

**A:** Up to him.

**Q:** (L) Is this beneficial to him?

**A:** Believe it or not, yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it good for V\_\_?

**A:** Yes. Adjusts your thinking and vice versa.

**Q:** (L) Is smoking detrimental to any of our bodies?

**A:** Not if mild. Not if mind is in right mode.

**Q:** (L) Does smoking enhance psychic abilities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that the government program to stamp out smoking is inspired by the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes because they know it may heighten psychic abilities.

**Q:** (L) What is causing the lung cancer they are attributing to smoking?

**A:** Mental conditioning and subliminal programming to expect it.

**Q:** (L) So, it only happens if you are convinced that it can and must happen?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular brand of cigarettes to smoke?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Should I accept a job offer?

**A:** Will take you away from this work somewhat.

**Q:** (L) Would it be better if I turn it down?

**A:** Your inner self communicates this to you.

**Q:** (L) Is my idea to form a hypnosis association and teach and get clients thereby a good concept?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I get the idea sometimes that when you say "Up to You" that it may not be the best idea, is this correct?

**A:** Sometimes but not the only motivation.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_ is jittery.

**A:** Mind control, V\_\_. Try exercise.

**Q:** (L) Breathing or physical?

**A:** Physical.

**Q:** (L) "Bringers of the Dawn" advised spinning, is this advisable for all of us?

**A:** Major yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times a day?

**A:** 3

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** 33

**Q:** (L) Is it ok to do it in the pool?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Is the altar beneficial to have in one's house?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Is that okay beneficial?

**A:** Be careful not to jump to conclusions.

**Q:** (L) What conclusions? That the altar is okay beneficial. Is it highly okay for us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Mediocre okay?

**A:** No. No. No.

**Q:** (L) What?

**A:** Laura has been hurt by jumping to Lizard inspired conclusions.

**Q:** (L) So the altar is useless?

**A:** No. Just be careful remember metaphysical church group.

**Q:** (L) Is it a matter of misguided alliances?

**A:** Has been frequent problem.

**Q:** (L) Should I dismantle the altar?

**A:** Altar is okay but other things are not okay like silly rituals.

**Q:** (L) Is V\_\_'s altar okay?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, during the period of time I was getting the hassle from the metaphysical church group, my pool was green. Was this symbolic of the attack I was under?

**A:** Yes but you left yourself open by association and buying too many concepts without careful examination.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean that, if, at that time, I had refused to acknowledge that any harm could come to me, that that would have made it impossible for any harm?

**A:** Close. But investigate before buying and practicing in future okay?

**Q:** (L) Investigate what? Ideas?

**A:** Yes. And concepts and especially practices

**Q:** (L) The ideas of candle burning, salt, sage, shamanistic rituals and so forth? Is all this useless?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is sage not useful?

**A:** You are learning; remember when we say "good no ritual"?

**Q:** (L) In other words, your knowledge and your strength which comes from your knowledge and knowing is the point and the protection?

**A:** Precisely. This is extremely important.

**Q:** (L) Alexandra David Neel quoted a lama who said we must beware of the children of our own minds as well as the children of the minds of others, such as thought forms perhaps created by higher negative beings. If we do not acknowledge that such things exist, are we then subject to being devoured by them?

**A:** Ritual drains directly to Lizard beings.

**Q:** (L) Even our saying of the Lord's prayer?

**A:** It is okay to pray. Why do you think organized religion is obsessed with rituals?

**Q:** (L) Is the same thing true of shamanistic practices and so forth?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) What occurred to make my pool clear up?

**A:** You restored your own energy.

**Q:** (L) And it had nothing to do with rituals?

**A:** Correct. In spite of rituals but you were lucky could have gone the other way.

**Q:** (L) What prevented this from happening?

**A:** Divine intervention. [energy surge]

**Q:** (L) Well, my life seems to have been full of incidents of Divine intervention. Is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of this intervention?

**A:** To preserve and prepare you for work.

**Q:** (L) What is this work?

**A:** You are extremely valuable to all on your planet.

**Q:** (L) What particular value? Is this common to all people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this something meaningful? What is the mission?

**A:** Faith in your opening channel; you will learn as you go. We cannot tell you all at once.

**Q:** (L) Since the energy is high at this time, we would like to know if you have anything to give in the form of a teaching?

**A:** Not ready for that yet; establish clear channel and forum first; one step at a time.

**Q:** (L) What is the forum?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Do you mean that we need to bring more people into this work?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) We need to create a forum.

**A:** Yes. A direction will open if you persevere.

**Q:** (L) So things will be brought to us and happen for us if we just persevere?

**A:** Soon expect big opportunity.

**Q:** (L) I assume that we are not to ask what it is, we are to have faith, is that correct?

**A:** Yes. Danger you may misinterpret opportunity.

**Q:** (L) Should we all three be able to realize in congruence whether the opportunity is good?

**A:** Varying degrees.

**Q:** (L) If there is a danger we may misinterpret the opportunity, could you give us a couple of clues so that when it occurs we won't miss it?

**A:** At least one of you will have instant recognition but others may not. Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) This misinterpretation, does this mean we can count on this misinterpretation?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are we an experiment?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) How many others are receiving this level of information?

**A:** Less than 100 on entire planet. Less in this mode.

**Q:** (L) Are some of the others using other modes? What?

**A:** Many different ones.

**Q:** (L) Is channeling with three way energy as we are doing in a purer source of information than direct channeling through a single individual?

**A:** Equal.

**Q:** (L) Can any one of us do direct channelling?

**A:** All have equal potential.

**Q:** (L) Is A\_\_ B\_\_ attached in a major way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to order the Bill Baldwin book?

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

