## November 4, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Rocks.

**Q:** (L) What about the rocks? {We had been discussing large crystals on a nearby table.}

**A:** Put in sunlight for two days.

**Q:** (L) And what will that do?

**A:** Energize.

**Q:** (L) Energized to do what?

**A:** Provide power to you.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Rolla.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Did you see the article about the newly discovered galaxy?

**Q:** (L) Yes I did and I was curious about that. Is there something about that that you would like to tell us?

**A:** Our energy transference line to you.

**Q:** (L) What is the energy transference line, this newly discovered galaxy?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (L) Why was the information received about the little boys so unclear?

**A:** Need to interpret for practice.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that all information we get has to be interpreted also?

**A:** Not as much. That was a particularly sensitive subject with many focusing at once.

**Q:** (L) Was there interference from the people focusing on it?

**A:** Close. Remember Allison is good but not when too many are focusing.

**Q:** (L) Who is Allison? (Frank) Dorothy?

**A:** Yes. Dorothy.

**Q:** (F) Yeah, the psychic who finds dead people. (L) Well, I don't even know who she is. (F) She's very famous. (L) Well, I must be living in a cave. I was reading today in "Bringers of the Dawn" about people who are keepers of frequency. Is this an accurate concept?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are Frank and I keepers of frequency?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are we nearly at the frequency we need to keep?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) H\_\_ D\_\_ gave me a reading a few month's ago when she told me about two people in a partnership and she said no others should be brought in. Was this about S\_\_ or Frank and me?

**A:** Interference caused reading to be askew.

**Q:** (L) Well, was she referring to this work with Frank and I or was she talking about S\_\_?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) In that reading she also said that I was going to meet somebody in the month of November who was going to become a very important part of my life in some way. Could you tell me a little bit about that?

**A:** Wait and see. Time to rattle the bushes again.

**Q:** (L) Which bushes?

**A:** Manner of speech.

**Q:** (L) Of all the different bushes I have rattled and people I have contacted, which ones in particular?

**A:** UFO people.

**Q:** (L) How can I do that?

**A:** Re-contact. Some doubt. Re-contact.

**Q:** (L) Re-contact some who doubt?

**A:** No. Re-contact some do doubt.

**Q:** (L) Which ones in particular?

**A:** Must just rattle without prejudice.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean sending out scripts from our sessions?

**A:** Good idea. Spark interest.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what I have been planning to do.

**A:** It takes more than one spark of the flint to ignite the fire.

**Q:** (L) Should Frank get the Reiki initiation?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Would it be good for him to get the Reiki initiation?

**A:** It is always.

**Q:** (L) Who are the Nordic type aliens?

**A:** Your ancestors.

**Q:** (L) What planet did they come from?

**A:** Several and transitory.

**Q:** (L) What is their type called? Just the Nordic types?

**A:** That is as good as any description.

**Q:** (L) What is their purpose here on the planet at this time?

**A:** Observation.

**Q:** (L) Haven't they been seen with the Lizzies on occasion?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they involved with the Lizzies?

**A:** Some are.

**Q:** (L) Are some of them not nice?

**A:** Fifty-fifty.

**Q:** (L) Do they ever abduct people?

**A:** Have but not too often. When they do, they do not give back.

**Q:** (L) What do they do with the ones they abduct?

**A:** Take away to too many other places to mention. Purpose is multiple. Too complex.

**Q:** (L) I get the feeling that maybe it is not too complex, but that you just don't want to answer, is this correct?

**A:** Open. Not at this moment.

**Q:** (L) What about the Villas-Boas case; who were these beings and what was the purpose for this interaction?

**A:** Aryan's breeding experiment.

**Q:** (L) Where do these Aryans live?

**A:** In transit.

**Q:** (L) When they get to where they are going, where do they live?

**A:** They don't. There are many who do not live specifically anywhere. They are perpetually in transit.

**Q:** (L) Why is this?

**A:** There is no need to be grounded; it is only your perception because that is your familiarity. A planet is a vehicle too.

**Q:** (L) Why were there 3 pyramids. Did they each have separate purposes?

**A:** Variance in energy levels and age. Did you research about the 1967 engineer's study yet?

**Q:** (L) What book would that be in?

**A:** Look at Mystery volume. Now, please.

**Q:** (L) Why was Moses not allowed into the promised land?

**A:** Because he became tyrannical.

**Q:** (L) Were the Lizards the ones who led the Jews to the "Promised Land?"

**A:** No. Were not led; followed their own paths in effort to escape the effects of cataclysms.

**Q:** (L) Why have they got this big legend about being chosen and led to the promised land?

**A:** More brotherhood influence and nonsense.

**Q:** (L) What kind of weapons do the Nephilim use to do their "enforcing?"

**A:** Stun guns.

**Q:** (L) Do they actually use some kind of material weapon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And could you tell us what the Lizzies look like?

**A:** Upright alligators with some humanoid features in face.

**Q:** (L) I heard one theory that the Lizzies originally evolved on planet earth, is this true?

**A:** No. Neither did you.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean us in the sense of the early human prototypes?

**A:** All prototypes.

**Q:** (L) When these prototypes were evolved on another planet, did they have souls at that time?

**A:** Were added.

**Q:** (L) What souls occupied those prototypes on that other planet?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) So, the legend of the Fall of Lucifer as the origin of the souls incarnating into physical life was an event that actually took place on this other planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do the Lizzies have more than one heart?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they have more than one brain?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) This fellow, E\_\_ P\_\_, who claims that he was abducted, and taken by the aliens and altered in physical ways, was any of this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was he abducted, in fact?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was done to him?

**A:** Same routine as other abductees.

**Q:** (L) Does E\_\_ P\_\_ know that he is deceiving other people?

**A:** Yes. He is a fraud. Misguided by delusions.

END OF SESSION

