## November 24, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Greetings.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Peehmi.

**Q:** (L) Have you ever lived on earth?

**A:** No. There is little need to ask question each time as this is now grooved channel.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that the vibrations have been adjusted for you specifically and that others cannot utilize it?

**A:** Cannot unless you request.

**Q:** (L) Are you aware of the letter I got today from Karla Turner?

**A:** We are Cassiopaean.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that you are aware?

**A:** We are aware of your entire life aura.

**Q:** (L) What caused her to react to the channelled information the way she did. Obviously something upset her, what was it?

**A:** Miffed by personal references; suspicious of motives send her this session verbatim.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay, what would you say to her... obviously she thinks you, as a source, were caught in a lie and that put her off, what can you say in response to that accusation, I guess you would call it?

**A:** There are no lies.

**Q:** (L) Well, obviously that is something that can be said, but she thinks that since you did not come right out and describe everything in precise detail about those two little boys in South Carolina, that what little you did say, she interpreted as a lie. What else is going on here that...

**A:** There are no lies only interpretations.

**Q:** (L) Is it important for her to receive information from this source?

**A:** It is important for all on planet to learn at their own pace.

**Q:** (L) Is Karla's pace slower?

**A:** Apples and Oranges.

**Q:** (L) I would like to address the issue of accuracy. How can we increase or determine or work on accuracy?

**A:** Accuracy is 3rd level concept.

**Q:** (L) Well, you do understand that at this level we determine whether information is correct or good by whether it happens or comes true, particularly in terms of prognostications.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And if a source misses on a prognostication, very often people lose faith in that source. Is that an unrealistic expectation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that because accuracy is an impossible task because of variability of reality?

**A:** If it were possible there would be no existence. The universe is nothing more than a learning laboratory.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, at this point I am wondering if there is any point in writing to Karla and sharing our information with her at all?

**A:** Of course. You are all learning. Share information to learn more faster.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be said to her to help her in a positive way?

**A:** Have empathy. She was raised to put others before herself.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay, tell us about this, with the existing probabilities, will Terry and Jan be with us this coming Saturday?

**A:** Yes. But up to you. Ask and you shall receive.

{We did and they were.}

**Q:** (L) Jan was telling me that his friends S\_\_ and S\_\_ have bought into M\_\_'s thesis that I am the wicked witch of the west, is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is M\_\_ F\_\_ doing this?

**A:** Same as all other; this is a self serving, ego dominated world.

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular viciousness in him toward me, inspired for any particular reason?

**A:** Some, because of your sex references.

**Q:** (L) He is mad because I identified his motivations toward S\_\_ as being sexually inspired? Was this true?

**A:** Yes. But truth hurts.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us about this recent volcanic eruption? What was the cause?

**A:** "Heating up" of earth.

**Q:** (L) What is causing it to heat up?

**A:** Vibrational frequency changes.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of these vibrational frequency changes?

**A:** Oncoming wave as we have told you before.

**Q:** (L) This oncoming wave, is this a wave which is so large or so vast that its effects are felt many years in advance of its absolute arrival point?

**A:** All waves in nature have a "contract" phase.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean like just before a wave comes up on shore it kind of sucks everything out?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we are in the sucking back phase {demonstrates with hand motion and sound effects.}

**A:** Cute analogy.

**Q:** (L) Back in 1981 and 1982, my daughter A\_\_ frequently saw something outside her window that she described as an alligator, and she would wake up screaming and we would get up and, on one occasion we saw what seemed to be a figure standing in a corner by the closet. The whole series of events ended up with my having a dream in which I confronted a dragon...

**A:** Lizard.

**Q:** (L) What were they doing at that time?

**A:** Scoping.

**Q:** (L) What did they discover from their scoping?

**A:** Potential abductees.

**Q:** (L) And did they abduct anyone at that time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why didn't they?

**A:** You stopped it.

**Q:** (L) How did I stop it?

**A:** Knowledge is rooted in awareness.

**Q:** (L) So, my awareness is what stopped it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) When I had the dream about doing battle with the dragon, was that just a dream, an astral event, or an actual interaction with the Lizzies?

**A:** All three.

**Q:** (L) And what was their reaction to encountering my resistance to them?

**A:** Disappointment.

**Q:** (L) Have they tried to harass us since then?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have they succeeded on any of those occasions subsequent to that?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In what way?

**A:** Alice.

**Q:** (L) Through my mother?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they abduct her?

**A:** Garbled her emotions.

**Q:** (L) Is that their best shot so far?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can it get worse?

**A:** It can always get worse.

**Q:** (L) So we just have to stay on our toes at all times?

**A:** Absolutely don't let others distract you. You have suffered many attempts at distraction away from truth. Now follow some proclamations: Pause. All there is is lessons. This is one infinite school. There is no other reason for anything to exist. Even inanimate matter learns it is all an "Illusion." Each individual possesses all of creation within their minds. Now, contemplate for a moment. Each soul is all powerful and can create or destroy all existence if know how. You and us and all others are interconnected by our mutual possession of all there is. You may create alternative universes if you wish and dwell within. You are all a duplicate of the universe within which you dwell. Your mind represents all that exists. It is "fun" to see how much you can access.

**Q:** (L) It's fun for who to see how much we can access?

**A:** All. Challenges are fun. Where do you think the limit of your mind is?

**Q:** (L) Where?

**A:** We asked you.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess there is no limit.

**A:** If there is no limit, then what is the difference between your own mind and everything else?

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess there is no difference if all is ultimately one.

**A:** Right. And when two things each have absolutely no limits, they are precisely the same thing.

**Q:** (L) Is this all you are going to give for tonight?

**A:** Open. Can give more another time.

**Q:** (L) My husband wants to know why his ears have been ringing constantly?

**A:** Lizard move.

**Q:** (L) Why is this Lizard move causing his ears to ring?

**A:** They concentrate on those who are not protected or less protected by knowledge.

**Q:** (L) What can he do to stop this?

**A:** Open mind then learn.

**Q:** (L) And if he doesn't, what would be the result?

**A:** Further attack.

**Q:** (L) The other night when Terry and Jan were here and we were getting ready to sit down at the board, I had a sudden sharp pain in my left ear unlike anything I have ever had. It was three sharp jabs. What was that?

**A:** Electrical nerve surge.

**Q:** (L) What caused that?

**A:** DNA changing.

**Q:** (L) Well, A\_\_ now has the ubiquitous pain in the shoulder. Is this because her DNA is changing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You said that each soul is all powerful and could create or destroy all existence... does this mean that an individual could create or destroy all of existence for all others?

**A:** Yes. But more complex than that will explain further another session.

**Q:** (L) If we were to ask specific questions, technically speaking, would you be able to tell us how to build a time machine or transdimensional transporter of some sort?

**A:** Yes. But where are you going to get all the hardware?

**Q:** (L) Well, I didn't say I was going to do it, I just wanted to know if you could tell us how.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything in a few words that you want to tell us before we end tonight?

**A:** Network but be careful with whom.

**Q:** (L) Is anyone going to drop into our lives imminently who is going to help us with this?

**A:** Wait and see. Just beginning.

**Q:** (L) We thank you for all your help tonight. Are we going to receive spontaneous information regularly like we did tonight?

**A:** Occasionally when vibrations are right. Vibrations suggest invite Rodemerks. Energy is better with them.

**Q:** (L) When V\_\_ is with us, would it be helpful for her to stand behind us and give Reiki while we work the board?

**A:** If you wish.

**Q:** (L) I get the feeling that means it doesn't really matter.

**A:** Open. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

