## December 5, 1994
Frank, Laura, V\_\_

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Celestial dudes! {Laura and V\_\_ had been trying to make contact prior to arrival of Frank and were commenting on the fact that not so much as a nudge came from the planchette.}

**A:** Look upon that as a sign.

**Q:** (L) A sign of what?

**A:** Kindly remove ridge from board.

**Q:** {Adjustments made}

**A:** Move board away from center of table.

**Q:** {Further adjustments made} (L) Is that better?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Now, look upon what as a sign?

**A:** Channel.

**Q:** (L) Channel? How is that a sign channel? I don't get it?

**A:** Who? {draws large question mark}

**Q:** (L) Who?

**A:** Is.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you mean who is the channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They are trying to tell us Frank is the channel. Who do we have with us tonight? {Clearly, this was Frank himself who felt threatened by the fact that anyone try the board without him, as became abundantly clear later.}

**A:** Urua.

**Q:** (L) I have a number of questions prepared. Now, the beginning questions may seem a little bit personal, and we understand that you are STO. We are in need of a little service tonight. Is this alright?

**A:** Okay, but you are supposed to be moving toward STO.

**Q:** (L) Well, we are. The answering of some of these questions will stabilize certain aspects of our lives which will then enable us to devote ourselves more fully to helping others. Is that understandable?

**A:** Turn board, please.

**Q:** (L) Which way?

**A:** Not important, just turn slightly.

**Q:** (L) Will that do it?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) First question asked by neighbor down the street, what is the nature of the frog phenomenon.

**A:** Drugs.

**Q:** (L) How does this relate to drugs?

**A:** Left over influence.

**Q:** (L) Where are these frogs coming from?

**A:** Energy brings.

**Q:** (L) His energy manifests them? Or the drug energy manifests them?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Same? So, these are a manifestation of the frequency of drug use, is that a way of stating it?

**A:** Past drug use.

**Q:** (L) It is his own and not anyone else in the house?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What do the frogs signify? What is the symbolism of the frogs?

**A:** Not signify, consequence.

**Q:** (L) Are these actual, physical frogs coming from somewhere?

**A:** Brought on.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand. Are we talking in circles here?

**A:** Your perception.

**Q:** (L) Well, if you are a STO being, isn't our perception the one that matters? The one you are serving by clarification?

**A:** Serve by help to learn, learn by using mind. Direct answers don't help to learn.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is there anything this individual can do to...

**A:** What would you do?

**Q:** (L) What would I do in his situation? Well, I would quit all drugs, I would begin meditating, and I would try in all ways to straighten myself out because a bunch of desiccated frogs suddenly appearing all over the place in my house would probably freak me out.

**A:** Yes, and? (large question mark)

**Q:** (L) Obviously I am supposed to think of something else...

**A:** SRT

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? Is that an abbreviation?

**A:** Yes. You have used the two words together extensively recently. Okay now, is part of book title.

**Q:** (L) Spirit Releasement Therapy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so what this person needs is spirit releasement?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) And so, what did we just learn from all of that?

**A:** How to use your mind.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so he has some attachments. V\_\_'s friend, B\_\_ P\_\_ says she has channelled in the past. Who does she channel?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (V\_\_) When she was channelling did she realize... well, obviously she didn't realize...

**A:** Most channel them.

**Q:** (V\_\_) So, then, it wouldn't be advisable to compare her channelled information with this information?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) My mom wants to know about the physical condition of the lady she is taking care of whose name is M\_\_ F\_\_. Is there anything she can do to improve the condition of this lady. Or, can you tell how long this lady will be in this plane?

**A:** Rub for circulation.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility of this lady getting better so that she can get about on her own to any extent?

**A:** Always possible.

**Q:** (L) What is the likelihood of her acceptance of getting better soon?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is it seen in the immediate future that this lady has chosen to transition?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Mother also wanted me to ask if it would be advisable to invest funds in the marketing of my face cream?

**A:** Please understand, we are not here to lead you by the hand, because, that would interfere with your free will, which is how you learn, which is how you progress.

**Q:** (L) Well, all things considered, I would still like to know if investing money in that project would be one of the better courses of action to take as far as developing a source of income.

**A:** What have we just told you?

**Q:** (L) Yeah, yeah. Is P\_\_ Z\_\_ going to accept the paper work for the mortgage assignment as it is being drawn up?

**A:** What are you going to do to help yourself?

**Q:** (L) Well, I am actually asking this as a test question to test your ability to predict because it doesn't matter a whole lot if he accepts it the way it's being drawn up because if he wants to have it changed we can always change it. It's no big deal.

**A:** This is deteriorating into a personal forum.

**Q:** (L) Well, somehow I don't feel that it is wrong to ask personal questions to test our source because that is the only way we can determine what kind of information we are getting.

**A:** Ask test questions that potentially affect all. P\_\_ Z\_\_ is not particularly well known in Katmandu, for example.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask about a book called the "I AM" discourses. Could you tell us the source of this book?

**A:** Good.

**Q:** (L) What density level is the source of this book?

**A:** Sixth level.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us the name of the group behind this book?

**A:** All is one and the same.

**Q:** (L) As a service to another person can we get a health reading?

**A:** Is this of benefit to all?

**Q:** (L) Well, does this mean that we are going to be restricted forever to general questions that we can't verify?

**A:** Verification is not dependent upon personal nature. It is not STO if it limits.

**Q:** (V) So, asking about just one person is not service to all, it is just service to the one person?

**A:** And you.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am starting to wonder... I mean, if I didn't have to go back and start all over on prehistoric earth, in the primordial soup, I would think this STO road is just a little bit rough.

**A:** No pain, no gain.

**Q:** (L) I don't want any more pain!

**A:** You are in the wrong place then.

**Q:** (F) I think this should be noteworthy, if Karla Turner claims that you can't trust anything that comes from this source because it will only tell you what it wants you to hear and so forth, this proves that this source does not just tell us what we want to hear. (L) Most assuredly {Speaking sarcastically}. (F) It sometimes tells us what we don't want to hear and sometimes it tells us what ever it feels like. Another thing that should be noteworthy is, every time you try to do something to verify something, it keeps answering that verification does not depend upon personal information. (L) Does this mean that I have to can my last three questions?

**A:** Aren't things of universal significance more important?

**Q:** (L) Well, didn't you say before, when I was asking things that had to do with the various events of the past two years that knowledge of them was protection. If that is the case, why can't I ask about these things now?

**A:** Yes, but we have repeatedly told all you need to know for your protection.

**Q:** (L) In regards to my protection and V\_\_'s and Frank's, and this is going to be the last on this series of questions, V\_\_ and I both received cards from A\_\_ B\_\_ who, as you know, is hooked up with the metaphysical church group, I also received a card from S\_\_ V\_\_ who is hooked up with G\_\_ and J\_\_, is there any underlying motivation from these individuals to send these cards and should we just disregard them?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (F) Well, Laura, you can't ask for advice every step of the way on how to deal with everybody you know. (L) I know. (V) Have I been abducted in the last month?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Do we need to interpret our dreams through this source?

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (L) You mean you will discuss our dreams?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) What a relief! A concession! Okay, I had a dream last night, I dreamed about large mechanical flying "V's" that had flapping wings like metal bat boxes. They scared me. Then, I was with my family and we were going to see my cousin who is deceased and she had just had a baby. The baby was walking and talking and quoting Shakespeare. My Aunt got very upset and said it was unseemly because the baby was illegitimate and she walked out. The baby was only 10 days old. My aunt ran out the door and said it was evil.

**A:** Suggestion, get on computer net ASAP.

**Q:** (L) In other words, I really need to take my computer down and get the A drive fixed etc and log onto the network?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) What does that have to do with the dream? (Laura) I think it relates back to when Terry and Jan were here and we were talking about dreams and the suggestion was given to hook up to the network and discuss and share dreams. Like a dream forum kind of thing. Is there any significance to the ten days in this dream?

**A:** When you network, your entire life will dramatically improve immediately! See, sometimes we do advise when appropriate.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Point well taken. Would you please elaborate on the concept that alien abductions are "the scourge of God" and are manifested so that consciousness may grow and differentiate itself by a refusal to accept negative experience within the delusive material world?

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (L) Well, that was real elaborate! Would you comment on the Biblical command to not make graven images. Why was this command issued?

**A:** In order to prevent control by too many sources.

**Q:** (L) How would not making graven images prevent control by other or too many sources?

**A:** Deception.

**Q:** (L) Who issued this command to not make graven images?

**A:** Central.

**Q:** (L) What is "Central?"

**A:** Level 7.

**Q:** (L) What is the true symbolism of the Egyptian scarab and why was it invented?

**A:** Operation.

**Q:** (L) The symbolism was operation? What do you...

**A:** Was an operation.

**Q:** (L) How was a scarab an operation?

**A:** Think. Action.

**Q:** (L) The scarab is a dung beetle. It rolls dung into little balls. Am I onto something here?

**A:** Continue.

**Q:** (L) And supposedly the scarab symbolized eternal life because it represented the rolling of the sun... oh dear, wait a minute... the rolling of the sun across the sky is what the Egyptians understood... but what the dung beetle really does is simply rolls dung up into little balls... is this the operation you are talking about... the rolling of dung into little balls?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's all I know about the scarab so you are going to have to help me out here.

**A:** Life cycle.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the life cycle. I would like to know what force was behind the rise and domination of Oliver Cromwell?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there is a woman named Jane Allyson who channels an entity known as Zeena. I would like to know who or what is Zeena?

**A:** Just Jane.

**Q:** (L) So, she is just channelling herself? What is the significance of the number 444 as repeated by Cytron, a robot channelled by Jane Allyson, a super cyborg?

**A:** Zilch. {Much laughter}

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the Karmic ramification of the killing of those two little boys in South Carolina by their mother? Everybody in the U.S. will be interested in this one, maybe not Katmandu, though.

**A:** Pain teaches.

**Q:** (L) And, in this case is the mother suffering the pain?

**A:** And all others involved including the whole nation. All is lessons.

**Q:** (L) Did these two little boys volunteer to come in for this purpose?

**A:** Yes. Were higher density beings on mission.

**Q:** (L) Do 4th density STO's feed off of 3rd density energy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask about the "Starseed Transmissions". I would like to know about the Bird Tribes. What is this source?

**A:** Ken Carey is only channelling his alternate self.

**Q:** (V) Who are good channels, then, if every one we ask about is channelling themselves or false channels, who can we look to as a clean channel?

**A:** We have already told you of one example.

**Q:** (L) Barbara Marciniak?

**A:** This session.

**Q:** (L) The I Am discourses?

**A:** Review. Graven images.

**Q:** (Laura) Could you tell me what source of information was behind the...

**A:** Akashic records.

**Q:** (V) I wanted to ask about that and I had totally forgotten! Are the Akashic records the same thing as the source that you called "Central?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are the Akashic records the same source that the I Am discourses come from?

**A:** All is one at base but different "branches".

**Q:** (L) Was Nostradamus getting his information from the Akashic records?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, Nostradamus' quatrains, if interpreted correctly, would actually be valid.

**A:** Interpretation is the key.

**Q:** (L) If we were to hold a series of sessions about the quatrains of Nostradamus, would you be able to help us interpret them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would that be a worthwhile project for us?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Are the 6th density STS individuals that you indicated are the Orions, these are the same beings, I understand, that genetically engineered or created mankind, is that correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they the first to alter us after creation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are the 6th density Orions known as Transient Passengers?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So there are Transient Passengers that are STO as well as STS?

**A:** TP is "wanderer".

**Q:** (L) And what is a wanderer?

**A:** TP.

**Q:** (L) Well, the idea of the Wanderers, according to the Ra Material, is 4th or 5th density beings that have chosen to come back into 3rd density to help us. Would that be the same kind of Wanderer?

**A:** 5th or 6th density.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank a Wanderer?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Am I or V\_\_?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) What if we felt like we were?

**A:** Check it out.

**Q:** (L) How?

**A:** How would you think?

**Q:** (V) Faith, I guess, and how I feel. What else do you have to go on?

**A:** Not answer, try again.

**Q:** (L) Would hypnosis be the solution?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Now, I would like to know, for the sake of all the Theosophists around the world, what was the source of the information in the book "Isis Unveiled" by Helena Blavatsky?

**A:** Orions STS and STO. 6th Density.

**Q:** (L) So, her information was from both sides? And it is up to the reader to figure out which is which?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that the information we get through this source is STS oriented?

**A:** Yes. Always possibility.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the definition of, and would you describe for us, a dimensional curtain?

**A:** Self-explanatory. Think.

**Q:** (L) When we are talking about dimensional curtains we are talking about divisions at the same level of density, is that correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Can dimensional curtains be between dimensions at the same level of density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are dimensional curtains also something that occurs between levels of density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, a dimensional curtain is a point at which some sort of change takes place... what causes this change?

**A:** Nature.

**Q:** (L) In specific terms of the engineering of it, what defines this change?

**A:** Experience.

**Q:** (L) Is it in any way related to atomic or quantum physics or the movement of atoms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. An atom is in 3rd density. What distinguishes it from an atom in 4th density?

**A:** Reality.

**Q:** (L) What distinguishes one realm from another?

**A:** Assumptions.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what you assume or expect is what you perceive about that atom depending upon which reality you are in, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What determines your assumptions?

**A:** Experience.

**Q:** (L) My experience of atoms is that they congregate in such a way as to form solid matter...

**A:** Every thing that exists is merely a lesson.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so once we have learned certain lessons, as in experience of certain things, then our assumptions change?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is this wave that is coming our direction going to give us an experience that is going to change our assumptions?

**A:** Catch 22: One half is that you have to change your assumptions in order to experience the wave in a positive way.

**Q:** (L) And what does this wave consist of in absolute terms?

**A:** Realm border.

**Q:** (L) Is that realm border as in a cut-off point between one reality and another?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that realm border as in dimensional curtain?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So the planet earth is going to pass through a dimensional curtain?

**A:** Or an earth. All is merely a lesson, and nothing, repeat nothing, more.

**Q:** (L) Well, my experience with lessons has been that they are generally painful. Is this realm border crossing, or this merging experience going to be what we, or I, in the 3rd density, would perceive as painful?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (V) Is the realm border 3rd density?

**A:** Have answered; stop and contemplate.

**Q:** (L) What exactly are crop circles and how are they formed? I know we have asked about crop circles before, but I would like to know the specific mechanism by which they are formed?

**A:** Not issue, but energy vortex.

**Q:** (L) Does this energy vortex arise from within the earth itself?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where does this energy vortex issue from?

**A:** Here. Sixth density.

**Q:** (L) Do you want to give us more on the wave, or realm curtain?

**A:** No, not at this time. You have enough for now. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

