## December 10, 1994
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Poinsettia.

**Q:** (L) What?

**A:** Just came to mind.

**Q:** (L) Is that in our minds?

**A:** No, ours.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Cassiopaea calling.

**Q:** (L) What is your name?

**A:** Rodann.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask again for the benefit of Terry and Jan, what or who were the beings seen by DM in her hypnotic regression the other night? {This session is recounted in the Wave in some detail including direct transcript.}

**A:** Her essence.

**Q:** (L) Were these in any way physical beings on the earth we occupy in space/time from where we are at this moment?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) This happened in a so-called alternate reality?

**A:** Is still.

**Q:** (L) So, in some alternate reality, DM is a preying mantis being eating little children?

**A:** And so are you. And all others.

**Q:** (L) This is an essence of what?

**A:** Her being.

**Q:** (L) Are these aspects of our being coming to earth as part of the realm border crossing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are all of us going to have to face these aspects of ourselves as other beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there other parts of us in all realms doing other things at this moment?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And how is this going to be affected by the realm border crossing?

**A:** Will merge.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to do extensive hypnosis to bring these aspects of ourselves up and deal with these things a little at a time?

**A:** Will happen involuntarily. Will be like a thermonuclear blast. Message follows: See pattern. Orion, Pleiades, Arcturas, Cassiopaea; check distances from earth; progress locator for wave combined with earth references of space time. For you to figure out. Cross reference channelled messages, printing dates and location. We are where we are.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean you are where you are?

**A:** Cross reference Time and distance.

**Q:** (L) What book do we need to cross reference?

**A:** Any star chart and Marciniak, Arcturas Channel, Orion literature and Us. We speak from "crest" of wave, now, where are we?

**Q:** (L) Is this a riddle?

**A:** From, not of.

**Q:** (L) You speak from the crest of the wave? (T) Are you riding the wave?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You said in another reading that you were 6 thousand miles...

**A:** Window of transmission.

**Q:** (L) We are certainly hoping that you are going to make all of this plain and clear...

**A:** It is.

**Q:** (L) Well, can you help us poor 2 strand DNA creatures to understand this?

**A:** How far away is Cassiopaea?

**Q:** (L) Do we need specific distances?

**A:** General is okay.

**Q:** (L) So, if we just find the general distances... and does each of these star clusters represent a general area of the wave?

**A:** Each represents locator in space time. You can judge speed and ETA by cross referencing distance with publishing dates and these messages from us.

**Q:** (L) I got it! You mean that YOU are the Arcturians, the Pleiadians, and now you are the "Cassiopaeans" because you "are where you are"! And you are riding the wave. Is this wave a straight line connecting all these constellations?

**A:** Circuitous or cyclical route.

**Q:** (L) So, is it like a spiral?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we really need to set up a map so we can draw it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When we speak from Orion we are "Orions". When from Pleiades, we are "Pleiadian", and so on.

**Q:** (L) So, all of these channelled books you have mentioned are coming from the same basic source, through different channels, that they are able to connect with because of their different positions in space time and preparation level of the channels, is that correct?

**A:** Close. We have given you a Wave crest locator. We are from where we are and speak. Get it?

**Q:** (L) You are the wave crest?

**A:** We are Marciniak's Pleiadians. We are where we are.

**Q:** (T) So, you are not really Cassiopaeans from the Constellation Cassiopia?

**A:** We are Transient Passengers.

**Q:** (T) So, when the wave reaches earth and you are transmitting to somebody else out there you will represent yourselves as the "Terrans?"

**Q:** When wave reaches earth, we merge with you.

**A:** (L) When you were at Orion, did you merge with the Orions?

**A:** Not on same frequency for realm border crossing.

**Q:** (L) What effect did the wave have on the Orion sector?

**A:** None. Already at 4th density level.

**Q:** (L) Where did the wave originate?

**A:** Did not.

**Q:** (L) Has it always been cycling through the universe?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Okay, you are riding on the crest of this wave in 6th density, is this true?

**A:** Yes. We are you in 6th density.

**Q:** (T) You are we, that is me Terry, Laura, Jan and Frank?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you alternate selves extending into higher densities?

**A:** At your current reference point in space time, we are you in the future.

**Q:** (T) We are your destiny?

**A:** And vice versa.

**Q:** (L) You are not, by any chance, one of those weird ant or preying mantis beings are you?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (T) You are just another part of ourselves? You, us, the Lizards, the ants, the grays, the trees...

**A:** We are your whole self as you/we are in 6th density.

**Q:** (T) So, what we are working to become is You? You are us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, when we move to 4th density and become whole with ourselves, we will know you also for a short time?

**A:** Not whole yet when at 4th density.

**Q:** (T) But in order to move to 4th density...

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (T) We, us, in this room, are closer than others are?

**A:** No. Closer when at 4th density.

**Q:** (L) When S\_\_ was under hypnosis she described seeing a fleet of space ships "riding a wave" and this unnerved her. She felt this wave was a fearful, invasion-type thing. Was this you and your wave she was perceiving?

**A:** Wave is transport mode.

**Q:** (L) Is that transport mode for many beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you coming to invade us?

**A:** No, merge.

**Q:** (L) Are others coming with the intention of invading us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, when you merge with us, are you going to empower us to resist and defend ourselves?

**A:** Wave is "crowded."

**Q:** (T) So, everybody out in the whole universe who want a piece of the earth action are on this wave?

**A:** At realm border crossing.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask a couple of quick questions to get them out of the way, unless you have something you really... I mean, you pretty much gave us what we need on that... this channelled material received here...

**A:** Oh yeah?

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess they are telling me that we did not get all we needed on that subject. But, we can come back to it.

**A:** You may ask questions if you wish.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't want to cramp anybody's style here. (T) Oh, go ahead, they're crowded on the wave already anyway. Okay, here is a transcript I received in the mail from a group called "Cosmic Awareness"....

**A:** Dezinformatzia.

**Q:** (T) Well, I love a 6th density being with a sense of humor. (L) Has the base at area 51 been moved to Kirtland as this stuff says?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is there a base at area 51?

**A:** Yes. Kirtland has a new addition.

**Q:** (L) Is the base at area 51 where our military and aliens are working in conjunction?

**A:** They have recovered craft of grays, but human and alien personnel are not working together there.

**Q:** (T) Are the craft actually captured?

**A:** Recovered from crash.

**Q:** (T) Have any alien beings given the government craft?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why not?

**A:** Would you give mice tv sets?

**Q:** (L) How do these insect beings, these other manifestations of ourselves, how do they view our treatment of insects on this planet?

**A:** Unconcerned.

**Q:** (L) Is that because the insects on our planet are not sentient beings?

**A:** Different.

**Q:** (T) How do the insect beings handle insects on their planet?

**A:** They are the insects on their planet.

**Q:** (L) Do they have pests on their planet like little miniature humans that run around and tear up their groceries? (T) Any energizer bunnies?

**A:** Mirth!

**Q:** (L) But really, do they have pests?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, with serious intent, do they have pests on their planet like we do?

**A:** No. Microbic.

**Q:** (L) Well, do they exterminate them like we do?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Can we understand our pests as something that has been inflicted on us by the Lizzies. I always did wonder why God created mosquitos?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When we go into 4th density are we going to be free of mosquitoes, roaches, slimy worms, slugs and so on?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In conjunction with DNA changes, is there any similarity between the human race and the idea of transformation relating to populations such as grasshoppers into locusts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When grasshoppers turn into locusts, they swarm when their population gets too large.

**A:** All is part of natural cyclical process.

**Q:** (L) Was the DNA change that we are experiencing programmed into us so that after so many generations these changes would just sort of kick in?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, we all selected certain bodies before we incarnated that would be prime for this programming?

**A:** Are you ready to be hermaphrodites?

**Q:** (L) Is that what we are going to be?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (T) Since you are riding this wave, in order to communicate, since the wave is what you are using to focus this contact with, and you are, whoever you may be at whatever point the wave is, you gave Barbara Marciniak information under the name "Pleiadians". You are telling us this. Have you told the other people, such as Barbara Marciniak, that you are contacting other people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, Barbara may not know that the contacts are the same only under a different name?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it because she didn't ask?

**A:** Progressive information. Also, system is like mosaic.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that different people get different pieces of the mosaic?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) But, you have told us that you have contacted others under other names?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Have you told the others?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Why have you not contacted the others and told them this?

**A:** Just answered. Progressive.

**Q:** (T) Are you still contacting Barbara?

**A:** Not at this point. She is in pause mode.

**Q:** (T) Does she know this?

**A:** Yes. Write to her and tell her to call "Cassiopaea". Next stop is Leo.

**Q:** (T) In some time in the future, the next sending point is Leo. Does that mean that at some point we will not be able to contact you?

**A:** We just told you who to call.

**Q:** (T) Well, what I am having trouble understanding is why we have to call to a certain space point. We are now in touch, does this channel not stay open?

**A:** Reference point.

**Q:** (T) So it doesn't matter as long as we meet regularly to talk with you?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Barbara is also able to continue talking to you even though you are no longer the Pleiadians?

**A:** She may talk to someone else.

**Q:** (T) Are you saying that she is channelling some other source at this point?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) J.Z. Knight supposedly channelled Ramtha. Who was Ramtha?

**A:** Originally valid source.

**Q:** (L) Did that change?

**A:** Greed.

**Q:** (T) So she faked it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I wanted to ask about something you mentioned last night; I haven't transcribed the tape, but you said something about being a 4th density candidate and I had not heard you use the term before. What is a 4th density candidate?

**A:** Self-explanatory.

**Q:** (L) How does one get to be a 4th density candidate?

**A:** Natural progression.

**Q:** (L) Is everyone on this planet a 4th density candidate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How many are there?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Could someone become a candidate overnight who is not now a candidate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) How many strands of DNA do we have?

**A:** Terry, 4; Frank, 4; Jan, 3; Laura, 3.

**Q:** (L) Well, gee... does this have anything to do with sex?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you telling us that Frank and Terry are smarter than Jan and me?

**A:** You are growing your 4th, 5th and 6th right now.

**Q:** (T) If our 3rd density were to examine our DNA right now would they see this?

**A:** They would call it Junk DNA.

**Q:** (T) Would it be noticeable as DNA that was not there before?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (Frank) They would have to compare to a baseline.

**A:** (L) Were Atlantis and Lemuria the most ancient of Earth's civilizations?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What advanced civilizations were before Atlantis and Lemuria?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (L) Was there an ancient advanced civilization located in the area we now call Antarctica?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the name of this civilization?

**A:** Gor.

**Q:** (L) What kind of individuals lived in Gor?

**A:** 18 feet tall.

**Q:** (L) Were they humanoid and did they look like us?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Were they male and female like us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And did they have space travel capabilities?

**A:** No interest.

**Q:** (L) Are there any remains of their civilization left?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they only inhabit Antarctica?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did they inhabit the whole world?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are there any remains in Florida?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where might the remains be found

**A:** South America.

**Q:** (L) Where in South America?

**A:** Amazon. Ancient legend of Amazons.

**Q:** (L) Do our scientists know any of this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there remains of Atlantis and Lemuria?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do our scientists know of any of those?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they withholding information on purpose?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have they any intention of telling about it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they have relics of these stored?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if there is anything T G could do to enhance his recovery from cancer?

**A:** PMA. Positive Mental Attitude.

**Q:** (L) In our cultural experience we have a lot of very strange things that our young people participate in. Among these activities is the use of extremely loud stereo systems that quite literally vibrate the cells in their bodies until they turn to jelly. Could you tell me, please, the long term physiological effects of this kind of exposure of the human body to these loud booming noises?

**A:** Strange thought patterns.

**Q:** (L) What effects are these violently loud stereos having on people?

**A:** Varies.

**Q:** (L) Are these effects negative?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are these effects less than conducive to optimum health?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What can these very loud booming sounds do to the body?

**A:** Make the body go "boom boom." (Much laughter)

**Q:** (J) Blue Cheer concert, 1969; group advertised as the loudest in existence, and they were. I sat ten feet from the speakers and couldn't hear for three hours afterward and had ringing in the ears for several days. That was the last concert I went to. (L) Is this part of a plot to destroy the minds and bodies of our young people?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (J) Or are they just being stupid?

**A:** Good answer.

**Q:** (L) On two separate occasions you have mentioned Andarans. I have never heard of them before. Who are they and why have you mentioned them? Where did they come from and what did they look like?

**A:** One question at a time.

**Q:** (L) Who are the Andarans?

**A:** Thought forms for STS.

**Q:** (L) What level of density are they?

**A:** 5th.

**Q:** (L) So, they are at the contemplative level?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where do they come from?

**A:** 5th level.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what is the Rainbow Bridge referred to in Bringers of the Dawn. Is this what you were talking about when you spoke of our group being a conduit?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What happens psychically at the moment of orgasm?

**A:** For whom?

**Q:** (L) For anybody. In just a general way. Does anything happen to a person psychically when they have sexual climax.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is it different for each individual?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it different for males from females?

**A:** Usually.

**Q:** (L) The reason I ask is because a man named Wayne Cook did some work with dowsing and he found out that the human body, after sexual climax, dowses the same pattern as a dead body. Why is this? (T) Draining of energy.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, where does the energy drain to?

**A:** To the ether.

**Q:** (L) Does the energy go to one or the other partner?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible, during this activity, for Lizzies or other beings to be hanging around and be drawing this energy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that, in a general sense, what often happens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this one of the reasons that sex has been promoted and promulgated in our society to such an extent...

**A:** Yes, yes, yes.

**Q:** (T) Was there anybody hanging around us last night? (L) Terry!

**A:** Sure, why not.

**Q:** (T) Cause we're that good? (L) Terry! Now, Otto Muck came to the conclusion that the final breaking up of Atlantis occurred on June 5, 8498 B.C. Is this pretty close?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What happened to the Mayans?

**A:** Taken by Lizard beings to cosmos in 4 D. "Lizzieland."

**Q:** (L) What did they do with them there?

**A:** Many possibilities.

**Q:** (L) Do any of those possibilities include having them for dinner? Sorry about that, I couldn't help myself. (J) "Mayan Helper." And I helped!

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) How big was the main island of Atlantis?

**A:** 1,354,000 square miles.

**Q:** (L) There is a woman named J\_\_ A\_\_ who channels a robot named Cytron. Is this a put on or is she really channelling a super cyborg?

**A:** Nonsense.

**Q:** (T) Emergency, emergency, Dr. Smith! (L) A few months ago I had A\_\_ in trance to do spirit viewing for several people. In several frames of reference she saw a funny little grinning man with big, pointed ears, wearing black, boots and holding a whip, darting about and hiding behind people. Who was this little guy?

**A:** He was a carnal thought form.

**Q:** (L) And who created this carnal thought form that was zipping around?

**A:** Host.

**Q:** (L) Who was the host?

**A:** The subject with whom it appeared. It indicated an individual with many carnal thoughts.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know... my friend, Keith Laumer, who died last year, I am a little bit curious since he came and hung around me for a time after death, did we have a past life relationship and if so what were the dynamics?

**A:** Yes. You must learn this yourself. Are you learning yet? You keep asking 3rd level questions.

**Q:** (T) You talk about both STO and STS. Yet you tell us that we need to learn to be STO. Why is there a difference between what we have to do and what you are doing?

**A:** STO is balance because you serve self through others.

**Q:** (T) You have said a couple of times that you are STS by being STO. Is this not true?

**A:** Yes. Already answered.

**Q:** (T) Kind of like: what goes around, comes around?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is STO a means to an end for STS?

**A:** No. STO is balance. STS is imbalance.

**Q:** (T) How can you be STS through STO if STS is imbalance?

**A:** STO flows outward and touches all including point of origin, STS flows inward and touches only origin point.

**Q:** (T) Well, they refer in the material that I am reading through, that they are STS through STO. (L) They serve self BY serving others. (T) Is that what they mean? (L) Yeah. (T) Is that what we're supposed to do, serve ourselves by serving others? (T) Yeah! Because what goes around, comes around. If you serve others then you get things back. (F) Because when you serve yourself, all there is is an infinite number of individuals serving self. (T) There is no energy exchange, no synergy within the group; there is no exchange. (F) Everything moves inward. (T) There is no sharing, no growth, there is no nothing. (F) No interconnecting. (T) Right! There is no learning. (L) In terms of major STS, this may or may not be related, could you tell us the nature of a Black Hole?]

**A:** Grand Scale STS.

**Q:** (L) Is it like a being that has achieved such a level of STS that it has literally imploded in on itself in some way?

**A:** Close analogy.

**Q:** (T) Possibly an entire civilization of STS?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, maybe a civilization can't do it because that implies working together. It must need to be an individual being.

**A:** Black Holes are a natural force reflection of Free Will consciousness pattern of STS. Notice that Black Holes are located at center of spiral energy forces, all else radiates outward.

**Q:** (L) Now, you say "spiral" energy forces, and you also have said that this wave is a spiral. Is the central point of this wave that is spiraling, a black hole?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it a radiating wave?

**A:** All in creation is just that: a radiating wave.

**Q:** (L) Where does the energy go that gets sucked into a black hole?

**A:** Inward to total nonexistence.

**Q:** (L) Well, if a black hole continues to suck stuff in, is it possible that it would eventually suck in the entire creation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why is that?

**A:** Universe is all encompassing. Black holes are final destination of all STS energy.

**Q:** (F) So, does this mean that we, or anyone else who is classified as STS, remains on said path, that we will eventually end up in a Black Hole?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is pleasant. And what happens to energy that is "total non-existence"?

**A:** Total non-existence balances total existence. Guess what is total existence?

**Q:** (L) Well, is it kind of like a balancing force?

**A:** "God."

**Q:** (T) Are we talking about the creator god as in the Pleiadians?

**A:** Not Pleiadians. Prime Creator.

**Q:** (T) What is the difference between the Prime Creator and "God?"

**A:** None. As long as you exist, you are of the Prime Creator.

**Q:** (L) Now, this stuff that goes into Black Holes, that goes into non-existence, is that, then, not part of the Prime Creator?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) How can Prime Creator lose any part of him or itself?

**A:** Prime Creator does not "lose" anything.

**Q:** (L) Well, then, how would you describe this energy that was in existence and then is no longer in existence because it has become or gone into a Black Hole?

**A:** Reflection is regenerated at level 1.

**Q:** (L) So, this energy goes into a Black Hole and... does it come out on the other side?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does it become like a primal atom?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Does it go back into the cycle?

**A:** No. Reflection regenerates as primal atoms.

**Q:** (L) So, this energy that is sucked into the Black Holes... what (T) When we put out energy as positive or negative energy, and there are beings on other levels that feed on this energy, is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay, and you said that the Lizzies feed on the negative energy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Who feeds on the positive energy?

**A:** You do.

**Q:** (T) How do we feed on the positive energy?

**A:** Progression toward union with the one, I.E. level 7.

**Q:** (L) In other words, you fuel your own generator instead of fueling someone else's. (T) You are at level 6, what do you feed on?

**A:** You have the wrong concept. We give to others and receive from others of the STO. We feed each other.

**Q:** (L) So, by feeding each other you move forward and grow but those of the STS path do not feed each other so must feed off of others. (T) Now, you are talking to us now. This is considered STO?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) We are providing energy for the channel also, does that provide you with energy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (F) You are not keeping up with the program, Terry. (L) What do you want from us?

**A:** We don't want when pure STO. We came because YOU wanted. But that is STS until you share with others.

**Q:** (L) So, it is necessary that we share this information?

**A:** Up to you, it is a free will choice.

**Q:** (L) Is there some risk to ourselves by sharing this information?

**A:** At some level, but there is "risk" to all things.

**Q:** (T) I have a question: where do you get all your cute little cliches and sayings?

**A:** We access the human condition.

**Q:** (L) In one of my Fate magazines over there I read a story about a fellow who discovered an enormous structure in a cave when he was wounded and hiding there during the war. It was in Europe somewhere. I am visualizing the image. What was this thing this man found in this cave?

**A:** Magnesium wall made by Lizard beings. Constructed 309448 years ago. It was part of a base. It was buried during cataclysms.

**Q:** (L) What is buried on Oak Island?

**A:** Regenerator.

**Q:** (L) What is a regenerator?

**A:** Remolecularizer.

**Q:** (L) Who put it there?

**A:** Lizard beings.

**Q:** (L) When did they put it there?

**A:** 10,000 years ago, approximately.

**Q:** (L) Do they use it from time to time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does it still work?

**A:** It could.

**Q:** (T) What is the purpose of a remolecularizer? (L) Yeah, what do you use it for? Entertain your friends at parties?

**A:** Regenerate matter.

**Q:** (L) Such as physical bodies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, you just go and stand next to it or inside it or whatever and it regenerates you?

**A:** Any matter.

**Q:** (L) Well, that would be a really handy thing to have in the barn. Is there any way to get it out of there?

**A:** Maybe. Are you planning an expedition?

**Q:** (L) No, we're just being nosy. How deep is it buried?

**A:** Deep.

**Q:** (T) Well, we can send it in to a treasure hunter's magazine and give somebody an idea of how far they have to go. (L) Yeah, tell them what it is and they will go whole hog for it. (T) Yeah. It's a regenerator. "What?" Well, it's a remolecularizer. What's wrong with you? Where have you been? You never wanted to be regenerated? You, too, can be a Time Lord! (L) Amaze your friends, confound your enemies, you can hypnotize any woman from a distance by the power of your... REGENERATOR! (T) Wow! Look at the size of his Regenerator! [much laughter] Thank you.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

