## November 9, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Promia.

**Q:** (L) Is that your name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Having you as communicants, does this protect us from the intrusion of earthbound spirits?

**A:** Earthbound spirits yes but others no.

**Q:** (L) What others do you mean?

**A:** Aliens.

**Q:** (L) So your presence protects us from earthbound spirits but other aliens can come through if they choose?

**A:** Not through while with this connection but around.

**Q:** (L) They are around?

**A:** Not now.

**Q:** (L) Have they been around on other occasions when we were communicating?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have they ever, on any occasion, contaminated or corrupted our channel?

**A:** Tried but failed because you recognized it the one time.

**Q:** (L) When was the one time?

**A:** Several sessions ago.

**Q:** (L) Is that one of the sessions on tape? What was the name of the individual that came through that time?

**A:** Not named.

**Q:** (L) I was reading today about the theory that if you get the name of an entity you then have power over it. Is this true?

**A:** No. There is much foolishness to muddle through.

**Q:** (L) We want to thank you for your help, by the way, and the good and precise answers we get through this source.

**A:** You are welcome. More to come.

**Q:** (L) Well, I want people to be just awestruck with the accuracy of this information.

**A:** They will be.

**Q:** (L) I was reading an article about Cayce's teachings on the root races. Is this idea as presented by him basically correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What is that phenomenon we commonly call a poltergeist?

**A:** Many causes.

**Q:** (L) Each situation is different?

**A:** No. The causes are multiple.

**Q:** (L) Could you list these?

**A:** No. There are many causes but some are the same as others. One cause is female pubescent children giving off life force aura burst.

**Q:** (L) What is this thing we call hypnosis?

**A:** The 2nd step to open consciousness union with level 5.

**Q:** (L) What's the first step?

**A:** Dream state.

**Q:** (L) What's the third step?

**A:** Trance.

**Q:** (L) What's the fourth step?

**A:** Expiration of body functions.

**Q:** (L) You mean as in death, kicked the bucket?

**A:** Of body.

**Q:** (L) In many ancient ruins there are found certain symbols which interest me, specifically the coil or spiral which seems to be ubiquitous throughout the world. This is also very similar to one of the Reiki symbols. What is the origin and meaning of this symbol?

**A:** Energy collector translevel; stonehenge was one. Stonehenge is a coil. The missing stones form a coil arrangement. People have been "zapped" at stonehenge.

**Q:** (L) If I had a large place in my yard and I arranged plants and a walkway in a coil and then I walked that spiral, would it give me power?

**A:** Yes. Do it. If you do it you will actually see us when 3 levels are right. Move the pool.

**Q:** (L) Move my pool!

**A:** Which is more important? We did not say get rid of it.

**Q:** (L) What about the area next to the pool?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Do you know how hard it was to put that pool in?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, J\_\_ and A\_\_ B\_\_ think the Ouija board should work without us putting our hands on it. Is that true. Would or could it work that way?

**A:** If it did it would not be us. Self serving forces do that only. Remember there is much foolishness. W\_\_ and B\_\_ are suspicious.

**Q:** (L) A\_\_ B\_\_ told me that M\_\_ F\_\_ said he caused John's wreck. Did he?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why would he say he did?

**A:** Tales are easy to sew when the past is yours only to know.

**Q:** (L) A\_\_ B\_\_ also said he disintegrated a man with his mental powers. Is this true?

**A:** Rubbish.

**Q:** (L) Was he able to cause S\_\_ S\_\_'s tv to act up with his powers of mind?

**A:** Nonsense.

**Q:** (L) Does A\_\_ have any powers?

**A:** The same as yours.

**Q:** (L) Do I have any powers?

**A:** Yes, but when was the last time you zapped someone's tv?

**Q:** (L) Archaeologists repeatedly find grotesque little carvings of fat bellied, big breasted women and they call them mother goddesses. What were they?

**A:** They were children's toys. More foolishness.

{Wrong, in my opinion.}

**Q:** (L) Who built the temple complex on the island of Malta?

**A:** Moors.

**Q:** (L) When?

**A:** 800 a.d.

{Clearly wrong, in my opinion.}

**Q:** (L) Is the Sufi path a good one to study?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I know that but I want to know if it is valid or better than another?

**A:** We don't want to judge that for you.

**Q:** (L) What percentage of truth is in that path.

**A:** In one sense all teachings are truths.

**Q:** (L) Can't you just tell me?

**A:** Subjective. Would you like us judge Reiki?

**Q:** (L) Well, yes before I spend any money on it. Will I waste my money?

**A:** Not if you go to right source. Now we have led you to answer we want you to continue to exercise your mind. That is how you progress.

**Q:** (L) So you want me to study Sufi for the exercise?

**A:** Yes. If we answered all your questions you would not learn.

**Q:** (L) In this book I am reading it talks about knowledge that is only given to the elect and that certain things are passed down through secret organizations. Most people think this organization is the Illuminati and that they hold many deep, dark secrets. Is that true?

**A:** Close. But now there is a knowledge explosion. The Illuminati is no longer exclusive; but they still think they are.

**Q:** (L) Compared to the big high mucky mucks in the Illuminati, what percentage of their knowledge do Frank and I possess?

**A:** 2 per cent.

**Q:** (L) You mean they know 98 per cent more than we do? That's depressing! How much knowledge, relative to the Illuminati, does the average college graduate have?

**A:** 0.02 per cent.

**Q:** (L) Is there any one person who holds a major chunk of knowledge on this planet?

**A:** By this time next year you will have 35 per cent as much.

**Q:** (L) That means I have to work hard!

**A:** No. It will flow into you. Stop listening to those that block.

**Q:** (L) Who in my life is blocking me now?

**A:** Can't say. You must find this out.

**Q:** (L) Is it myself?

**A:** Only through others.

**Q:** (L) D\_\_ M\_\_ called today about an antique bracelet she put in the keeping of a jewelry dealer who was supposed to have it repaired for her...

**A:** Woman sold it to a dealer in Atlanta. D\_\_ must confront her and she will break. Sold for 11,000 dollars.

**Q:** (L) What did my dog Dannyboy die from?

**A:** Heart condition.

**Q:** (L) Is there another Dannyboy puppy out there for me?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Why have I been so depressed today?

**A:** Too much interaction with negative energy coming from others.

**Q:** (L) Is Babaji living in Tibet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How old is Babaji?

**A:** 190

**Q:** (L) In the book of Revelation it describes a being with copper skin and white hair. Is this a real Nephilim from the planet Nibiru? Who is that being?

**A:** Nephalim descendant but not from Neburru.

**Q:** (L) This was a giant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there a planet Nebiru?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What does Nibiru mean in the Sumerian language?

**A:** Slave owner.

**Q:** (L) Back about a year or so ago we got an individual who claimed to be Keith. Was this, in fact, Keith Laumer?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How does he feel about being dead?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Was it like he expected?

**A:** Better.

**Q:** (L) Was it his influence that caused me to continuously play opera?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was he around me for a period of time after he died?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Has he gone into the light now?

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

