## December 23, 1994
Frank, Laura, DM

{DM appears in a number of sessions. She is a middle-aged high school science teacher, divorced from a college professor husband, with a highly disturbed teen-aged daughter. She is mentioned in the Wave as the individual who, under hypnosis, saw preying mantis type beings eating small children.}

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** No ritual.

**Q:** (D) Explain, please?

**A:** No ritual.

**Q:** (F) Did somebody do a ritual? (L) No. Did you do one in your mind, DM? (D) I just rubbed my hands together. (L) No, I don't think that is what they are talking about. It's because we were talking about rituals and why we don't do them. Okay, why did you tell us "no ritual?"

**A:** DM. Caution.

**Q:** Tell DM, please, why we don't do rituals.

**A:** Rituals constrict. Who are we?

**Q:** What is your name, please?

**A:** Oplea.

**Q:** Are you a discarnate?

**A:** No, Cassiopaean.

**Q:** Let me ask you about your spelling of the word "Cassiopaea." It is the archaic spelling of Cassiopia, but not the one currently used. However, the last part of the word, as you spell it, is the word Paean, which is a "warning" sound or an announcement or message. Something that calls people to attention. Is there any chosen symbology in your use of this spelling.

**A:** No, but nice analogy.

**Q:** (D) I want to thank you very much for the advice you gave me. It was something that was very much on my mind and your advice probably saved my daughter from running away.

**A:** You are welcome.

**Q:** (D) I want to impose on you, and I hope you don't mind. S\_\_'s father has influence on her; is he someone I need to warn her about? {Asking about her daughter}

**A:** Worry not.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that the less DM says, the sooner S\_\_ will figure things out for herself?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (D) Will be S\_\_ be okay by herself if I leave the state?

**A:** You're not leaving.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is a pretty definite statement. Is she going to get... (D) Do you have a use for me here?

**A:** Your use is your pathway of learning.

**Q:** (D) My pathway... I am not understanding... (L) In other words, they may not specifically have a use for you in the sense of being used, but your pathway of learning is what you are here doing. (D) I am supposed to be learning and I'm supposed to stay here until I learn?

**A:** Yes. Everyone is always learning.

**Q:** (L) Why do you say she is not leaving. That is a pretty definite statement and you guys don't usually make real definite statements like that?

**A:** Because she is not.

**Q:** (D) Am I to be working with E\_\_ P\_\_?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (D) I have felt that I was going to sell my house and would be doing something significant and that would be in North Carolina... (L) Well, maybe you will end up in North Carolina. I wanted to go to Montana and I ended up on Montana Avenue. I guess that is as close as I am going to get.

**A:** Pressing does not work.

**Q:** (D) Well, I was trying to press things. (L) I was a presser too, and still do from time to time, but it never works... I'm learning to let things happen.

**A:** House sells, but move isn't far. How do you like New Port Richey?

**Q:** (D) Well, I don't know there is a position open or opening and I do know the people over here and...

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) Well, why don't you tell Frank and me stuff like that? Am I going to sell my house? I want to move too!

**A:** We tell that which needs to be told.

**Q:** (L) Well, DM gets told stuff and I don't. That's not fair...

**A:** Yes you do!

**Q:** (L) Would it be a good idea for DM to get the Reiki initiation?

**A:** Up to DM. You are pressing again.

**Q:** (D) Well, I understand that Laura wants me to and she has given me the reasons. What I do is listen and assemble the information... probably I will.

**A:** You know. You are soft spoken.

**Q:** (D) I discovered that if I put vitamin E oil on my warts it stopped them from itching...

**A:** Potassium.

**Q:** (D) Yes, I am eating bananas! I put some antibiotic oil on them also, and then I could scratch off part of it and it stopped itching so much. I am sure the potassium did help. I have been eating bananas. (L) Well, we were talking earlier about all the synchronous events that happened during the year prior to the beginning of this contact, and I would like to know if those events were, in part, engineered by you guys?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) What was it that caused the repeated swelling of my eyes and other soft tissue of the body?

**A:** Learning comes with discovery.

**Q:** (D) You were discovering. You were being led. (L) Oh, see what they are saying. (D) Just like I am being led to live here and work with you. (L) Is DM part of the conduit?

**A:** You will see. Forum first.

**Q:** (L) Is DM part of the conduit?

**A:** You will see.

**Q:** (D) That means yes. (L) In the forming of this conduit, is the conduit not only something that brings energy into us, but also through which we can travel into other dimensions as well? Does it go both ways?

**A:** Learn by discovery!

**Q:** (L) In other words, do it! We got the program loaded for the computer net, which you told us once we got online our lives would change suddenly and dramatically. (D) Are we not quite ready for this?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) You told us that if we created the maze in the yard and walked it, that it would change our vibrations to the point that we would be able to see you, if we did that as a group, what would be the result?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Would a group moving in that energy format create a greater energy than, say, a single individual?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) So, what if we had a lot of people do that? (L) They told us that this was similar to what they did at Stonehenge, that walking a pattern like a maze design would concentrate energy. A spiral. (Planchette demonstrates by moving in a gradually expanding spiral which then gradually got smaller.) Are you demonstrating the pattern that should be used?

**A:** Cycle.

**Q:** (L) Would this do a lot to empower us as well as hasten the bundling of the DNA?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) In other words, you just want us to do things, to get moving on these projects, get these transcripts organized, get the maze built, do our spinning...

**A:** We want you to do what you will do.

**Q:** (L) Well... (D) Thanks a lot... (L) I guess that is what it comes down to: get free, get happy...

**A:** Above all learn.

**Q:** (D) Is there something we can do to help other people?

**A:** Access instincts, network.

**Q:** (D) Are you talking about the computer network?

**A:** In general.

**Q:** (D) Now, wait a minute. They may mean networking people and their uses. (L) Does network in general mean, as DM says, contacting people, spread the word, bring others in, along that line?

**A:** Why S\_\_ so many viruses?

**Q:** (L) What do you mean? Who has so many viruses?

**A:** S\_\_.

**Q:** (L) Well, does S\_\_ have a lot of viruses? Why does S\_\_ have so many viruses?

**A:** We asked you.

**Q:** (D) Well, she's having her tonsils out Tuesday. I don't know why.

**A:** Have you not noticed?

**Q:** (D) Well, I hadn't put things together. (F) Is it true? (D) Yes, she does. She has, different kinds of viruses... (L) Well, are you going to give us a clue on this one?

**A:** Emotions reflect in physical body.

**Q:** (L) What is the nature of her emotional upset?

**A:** (D) It's her father. Is it her father?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is it? (D) Has she been abducted?

**A:** That is not the point.

**Q:** (L) What is the nature of her emotional viruses?

**A:** Complicated but, mother-daughter soul connection is unusually strong in this case!

**Q:** (L) How many lifetimes have DM and S\_\_ had together?

**A:** 59.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's high. (D) Let me tell you something, the last time I killed her...

**A:** Twins.

**Q:** (L) Which one of...

**A:** Last was tragic.

**Q:** (D) I killed S\_\_... (L) Could you tell us the dynamics of that last lifetime that are so strong...

**A:** DM reveal.

**Q:** (L) Should DM do this through hypnotherapy?

**A:** Okay but has done work already.

**Q:** (L) What could DM have done for or to or with S\_\_ in the lifetime that is most heavily affecting this lifetime, to have resolved the issue then?

**A:** Not important, this one is!

**Q:** (L) What does she need to do now?

**A:** On right path since Tuesday.

**Q:** (L) What did you do Tuesday? (D) Tuesday... (L) What happened Tuesday that was so significant?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Does it have something to do with the roller blades DM bought S\_\_ Tuesday?

**A:** Now you are learning, so we will help. Now you see?! She needs the childhood she never had.

**Q:** (L) Why did she never have a childhood? (D) Because she was sexually abused by her father she always felt that she had to be the grown-up; she had to be between her father and myself; she had to pull everything together. She always felt that responsibility and she... oh! I see! Thank you! I took her shopping. We went to the mall. She saw things that she didn't get when she was a kid and I explained to her that now she wasn't a kid and she couldn't really enjoy those things but she could enjoy the things that would be more her age level. She got down and saw little doo dads that she always wanted. (L) Well, get them for her. Can you? (D) Yes! (L) Is that the answer? Give her the childhood things?

**A:** Continue...

**Q:** (D) I'll go down and buy her those things tomorrow.

**A:** Okay. Childhood is stepping stone to spiritual growth in each lifetime.

**Q:** (D) I want to thank you!

**A:** We are helping you with this because you simply must resolve this issue before you can properly progress to important work, see?

**Q:** (D) I have to solve this... (L) They just told you that you had important work to do which is pretty close to a prophecy... am I correct on that, that she has important work to do and that you have plans for her?

**A:** Yes. DM has been "discombobulated".

**Q:** (L) You have been discombobulated? (D) I can handle that. (L) Is there anything else you can add to help solve this issue that maybe we haven't asked? (D) I think I just need to enjoy my daughter rather than trying to control her...

**A:** Now you are on the right path.

**Q:** (D) I haven't been talking against her father and I have been telling her, encouraging her... I have been forgiving him... and I told \_\_\_\_\_ today that I found out from S\_\_ that her father is the one who took her to get the abortion, and he paid for it, and I said something about mixed feelings, not everything is bad. There's something good in everything, and I referred her to different parts of different books... Page 29 in the Ra Material, and not showing the anger... and that is what I have been doing: showing anger, getting that emotion out and feeding the Lizzies... and getting wrinkles and gray hair and growing warts... and warts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) They said to get rid of stress situations. (L) I would almost say that what you just learned was that a lot of your stress is self generated... (D) exactly... my hat is off to you guys, I thank you...

**A:** Now DM, do you still want to move to North Carolina?

**Q:** (D) No. That's cool! Thank you very much. I don't need to flee! I can stay. (L) I guess that is what you needed to be here tonight for. (D) And I thought that I was going to help mankind and I got helped...

**A:** This is only the beginning of this work!

**Q:** (D) How can I thank them?

**A:** Not necessary because we are working together.

**Q:** (D) I also started telling S\_\_ about spirituality and God and things like that, and I told her that what you first have to understand is there is no such thing as sin... (L) It's all lessons... (D) There is no such thing as sin and then I named all the negative emotions and said that what we need to do is have a lot less of that and more of love, caring, sharing and that kind of thing... and she really listened! So, I have started teaching her. And, I want her to have something to... Oh!, here's a good question: Could you help me out and guide me into what book would be good for S\_\_ to read?

**A:** No, this is up to S\_\_. It is all just lessons for each individual. That is all there is, nothing else.

**Q:** (L) I guess it is like dancing, you follow the signals and the music to know what step to do next. Take your cues from S\_\_.

**A:** There is nothing, repeat nothing, but lessons.

**Q:** (L) I guess it is a big laboratory and we are the guinea pigs...

**A:** No, everything that exists in all of creation is a lesson, there is no laboratory.

**Q:** (L) Sorry guys. (F) So, absolutely everything is a lesson. (L) Let me ask this: On Tuesday when DM was reading and fell asleep, did she get a visit or a contact from any source?

**A:** Hypnotize her to access this information.

**Q:** (D) Was there something pertinent that happened that night?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (D) Okay, so we should discover through the hypnosis. (L) Did the Pleiadeans come?

**A:** Laura, you are such a card!

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought I would try to sneak that one by them. Let me ask: On the night the big black boomerang came over my house, was I or one of my children abducted?

**A:** Why do you think you learned hypnosis, to put it on the shelf for a conversation piece, maybe?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that I need hypnosis myself?

**A:** Others. Children will have answers.

**Q:** (L) Oh, good, that's clever! I never thought about that. Okay, that's how I'll find out. It's too simple. I'm beginning to feel brain dead. Why have my eyes been bothering me so much for the last year?

**A:** Eyes do that on 3rd density.

**Q:** (D) I have been having similar problems. (F) I have been getting near-sighted in the last year. (L) Anybody got any questions? (D) Not me, I just had a huge, huge problem solved in just a few words... what else could I want to know? But, there is something... DM N\_\_, how does he fit in my life?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (D) Is he a good guy? (L) They are not going to tell you that.

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) I guess it depends on your point of view. I'm sure Hitler thought he was a good man. That is subjective. Good and evil are subjective. (D) Would he and I be compatible?

**A:** Discover on your own. Free will.

**Q:** (L) Well, there is a way you might be able to find out something. Since all minds are one mind, the Cassiopaeans don't mind telling you what another person thinks or how they think. What does DM N\_\_ think of DM?

**A:** Jumbled thought patterns.

**Q:** (L) Is this DM N\_\_ that DM has met, is he the same David Navarra that Sally B. was acquainted with in St. Petersburg?

**A:** How many are there with that name?

**Q:** (L) Well, there are probably more than one, but I don't think all of them in this area would be involved in the metaphysical community. That would narrow it down. Was Sally B. accurately reading the situation when she said that the DM N\_\_ she knew was a little hung up on sex?

**A:** Many are.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what are David N\_'s intentions toward DM?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (D) Would he like to get me in bed?

**A:** We might ask the same question of you.

**Q:** (L) What are your intentions? (D) I don't have any intentions until I find out whether or not he has good intentions. I am not going to jump in the hay with anybody unless I find out that they really care for me. So, that is why I am asking.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) I don't think they are going to help you out on this one. The closest we are going to get is that he has jumbled thoughts and he is probably the same guy Sally knew.

**A:** The "bedroom" is not our specialty.

**Q:** (D) Not mine either, fortunately or unfortunately. (L) Well, let's ask about J\_\_ R\_\_, has he read the transcripts all or in part, and, if so, what is his reaction?

**A:** Dreamy person.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by dreamy? He dreams a lot?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** So, "dreamy person" is his reaction to the transcripts?

**A:** Dreamy person is he.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that he lives in the world of dreams and not reality? (D) Or, is he someone who initiates his thoughts in the dream state?

**A:** We are merely relating our observations.

**Q:** (L) Has he read the transcripts?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) What did he think in reaction to them?

**A:** Went into dream state.

**Q:** (D) Oh, he was reading it and it hit something? (L) Is that it, what DM is saying?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (D) Well, it hit something and he went off into a dream. So, it hit some of his reality. (D) I want to ask some questions about M\_\_: will she and Eddie Page reestablish communication? (L) I didn't know they were on the outs. But, I don't know either of them well enough to ask questions. (D) Well, apparently the story is that M\_\_ told someone else that Eddie was having affairs with other women and it got back to E\_\_.

**A:** People have shortcomings.

**Q:** (D) Will they get back together?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Did M\_\_ relay a falsehood about Eddie? (D) Eddie said she did, anyway.

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (D) She said that Eddie had mistresses.

**A:** That is not important.

**Q:** (D) Well, that is okay. (L) On the day that we saw Eddie, I guess it was last Saturday, he told us that he had been abducted three days before. Was this a physical abduction or was it a Virtual Reality abduction?

**A:** It was the latter.

**Q:** (L) Of the many abductions he claims to have experienced, how many are of the VR type?

**A:** Half or thereabouts.

**Q:** (L) In a Virtual Reality Abduction, does any part of the person actually leave and go into another dimension?

**A:** Soul replication.

**Q:** (L) So, a replica of their soul, like a shadow of the soul, so to speak, like maybe a holographic part of the soul gets moved into another dimension and experiences events; is that what you mean?

**A:** That is close.

**Q:** (L) So, when a person experiences a Virtual Reality Abduction it's virtually real in the sense that it happens to them on some level, or to some part of them?

**A:** It is real.

**Q:** (L) But, their physical body is not being abducted and going anywhere?

**A:** The original does not.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's intriguing. (D) Is that like... (L) It said soul replication...

**A:** Think of photo copier, similar concept.

**Q:** (L) A photocopy? So, half of Eddie's abductions are Virtual Reality Abductions...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And the other half are actual physical abductions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who is he being abducted by, I know we asked this before, but I want to clarify something...

**A:** Orion STSers.

**Q:** (L) And what level of density are these abductors who abduct him?

**A:** 4th level.

**Q:** So, the 4th level Orion STS group abduct Eddie Page. What do they look like?

**A:** They rearrange appearance.

**Q:** (L) Well, to look like what? He perceives...

**A:** What ever is anticipated by the abductee.

**Q:** (L) Well, he told me they were beautiful. (D) His father is one of them, he says. Beautiful people, the way I see it, means from the heart... not like physical beauty... (L) Does he perceive them as physically beautiful?

**A:** That is subjective.

**Q:** (L) And, since you say that they rearrange their appearance, in their natural state, before they are rearranged, what do they look like?

**A:** Natural state is variable.

**Q:** (D) Are they robots?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) What do the robots look like?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what do the other ones look like? (D) Are they 12 ft tall robots... (L) I get the feeling they don't want to answer this question...

**A:** 3rd density thinking.

**Q:** (L) I'm sorry. I guess you just want us to learn by this exercise, is that it?

**A:** Review material.

**Q:** (L) What do the 4th density STS Orions look like? I know what the answer is... are they Lizzies?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) So, Eddie Page is getting hauled out by the Lizzies and the Grays and they make themselves look and seem nice to him, is that it?

**A:** Laura, 3 and 4 don't jibe.

**Q:** (L) Are there 3rd level Lizzies?

**A:** All these are 4th who sometimes travel to 3rd rules are totally different in 4th density have you not grasped this yet?

Tape runs out. We decided to stop at this point as we were tired.

END OF SESSION

