## December 28, 1994
**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. Wonderland.

**Q:** (L) What does "Wonderland" have to do with anything?

**A:** It just popped to mind.

**Q:** (L) Since this happens from time to time, an odd word or phrase pops to mind as the connection is made, is this because that particular thought is occupying the point in space\\time where the connection is made?

**A:** Laura, such an active imagination you have, my dear!

**Q:** (V) I think they just mean they see all the Christmas cheer and so forth... (L) Well, why do these little phrases just "pop" in... ? It's curious.

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Rollaea?

**Q:** (L) Haven't you been with us before?

**A:** No. And yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, we have two or three things on the agenda tonight. The first thing I would like to ask for Suzanne Konicov...

**A:** Where are we from?

**Q:** (L) I'm sorry, where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea. If you don't ask, how do you know who we are?

**Q:** (L) Well, good point. If you were the Lizzies and I asked, wouldn't you answer that you were the Cassiopaeans to deceive me?

**A:** They would not.

**Q:** (L) Well, aren't they telling Eddie Page that they are the Pleiadeans?

**A:** Not Lizzies.

**Q:** (L) Okay, who is telling Eddie Page that they are the Pleiadeans?

**A:** Orion STS.

**Q:** (L) Well, if you were Orion STS and we asked who you were, wouldn't you say you were the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** No. Pleiadians. That is "trendy" thus deceptive.

**Q:** (L) Back to my question. Now, at one point in the transcript of past sessions you said that you could not help the Jews or the Native Americans who called upon you, and yet, you say that when we call on you that you can help us. What is the difference?

**A:** Did not say that, review transcript now!

**Q:** (L) Well, what I remember is that I asked if our race was going to be wiped out by the Lizzies and the answer was "Maybe." And then... well, I'll get it out now... okay, it says here; "We don't want to be abducted, can't we stop it?" And you answered: "Not likely, they have more power than you." Then I asked: "Why can't you help us?" and you answered: "Would interfere in natural progression of your race and theirs. The Jews called upon us to save them and we could not. And the natives of your land called upon us and we could not save them from your race. We could not stop that either. It is natural progression, see?" And then I asked: "Are we going to be wiped out by aliens as part of this natural progression?" Answer: "Maybe..." Okay, so, in a sense, the question related specifically to stopping abductions and you said no, you could not stop that and you said that you could not save the Jews or the Native Americans because it would interfere in Natural Progression... yet you said you could help us individually if we called upon you for help... What is the difference?

**A:** We cannot interfere to help, knowledge protects, ignorance endangers. You can help yourselves to gain knowledge, we can be the "conduit."

**Q:** (V) So, that is a misinterpretation on all our parts of what this help might or might not be? (L) We have a couple of other things that we have been discussing here this evening that I am sure that we all want to know about. The first thing is: Could we have a little reading for our friend Sandra D. who has been in the hospital. What is the root of the problem and how can we help her or how can she help herself to get better?

**A:** Sandra has chosen her karmic path. Her problem is manifesting in several locations: heart, weight affects all other organs in the body.

**Q:** (L) Does Sandra have attachments causing physical problems?

**A:** Not the issue. Physical reflection.

**Q:** (L) If she changes her diet will her health improve?

**A:** She will improve only if she chooses to. We cannot interfere, but she could always choose to explore her subconscious, but we must warn this will be a "tall order."

**Q:** (L) Now, before Frank arrived, V\_\_ and I were having a discussion about physics and psychology and it is my understanding from experience and study, that emotions, as human beings term them, are related to physiology, to chemicals, and can be controlled by thoughts. And, that if we choose to change our emotions, we have only to change our thinking. Is this correct?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (V) What you are saying is true, and that is all fine and dandy, but how many of the population can do that? Would even believe that they could do that? (L) Not very many. Less than ten percent. (V) Well, then, how does the definition...

**A:** That is not the issue?

**Q:** (L) Well then, what is the issue?

**A:** Karma.

**Q:** (L) Are emotions that are carried over karmically, do they affect the physical body that they come into in a chemical way...

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (V) So Laura's hypothesis that all emotions stem from chemicals is not necessarily true as an exclusive statement?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Does the soul have emotions of its own as we human beings term emotions?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What emotions does the soul experience?

**A:** Complex.

**Q:** (L) Can the soul, at an absolute level, experience hatred, for example?

**A:** Not same state.

**Q:** (L) Well, when one is dealing with psychology, what would be the best approach... what is the true aspect of the self or the being that one should inquire into in order to heal?

**A:** Subconscious mind.

**Q:** (V) Is the statement that psychology studies emotions, is that a fair statement?

**A:** No. Subconscious is same in body or out.

**Q:** (V) The subconscious is part of the soul?

**A:** One and same.

**Q:** (V) Is the higher self the same as the soul and the subconscious?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Please define true psychology for me?

**A:** Half.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by half? What is the half?

**A:** Half spirituality.

**Q:** (V) Do you think that the spiritual part put together with the subconscious part is a good way to approach psychology as I have been planning?

**A:** Be careful of "influences," you are easily influenced.

**Q:** (V) Is this directed at me and my idea of spiritual psychology?

**A:** Yes. And no.

**Q:** (V) What influences?

**A:** Any.

**Q:** (V) That is kind of open, isn't it? (L) Well, you never answered the question about "true" psychology. You only said "Half." What is true psychology? Is it the investigation of the subconscious mind?

**A:** True psychology only half.

**Q:** (L) And what is true psychology, a definition? Was it as I said, an investigation of the subconscious mind?

**A:** Physiologically directed study of mind.

**Q:** (L) The effects on the mind of the physiology, the hormones, blood sugar levels and so forth, input and output of the various organs and how that can affect the thought processes, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And that is half of it. What else?

**A:** Spirit is missing half.

**Q:** (L) And what would the person who is working on the spiritual half of it focus their energies on? Would it be techniques of meditation, understanding the nature of the universe, would it have to do with physics, what area?

**A:** Apples and oranges.

**Q:** (L) All of those things are apples and oranges compared to the spiritual application of psychology that you intend?

**A:** No. Spirit has nothing to do with psychology as you know it.

**Q:** (L) But, in this theoretical psychology that you are telling us about, how would you fit the spiritual aspect into it?

**A:** Totally restructure theory.

**Q:** (L) Okay, and how would you present this totally restructured theory?

**A:** Much too complex.

**Q:** (L) In the discussion of psychology that we have had here, obviously you think that there is something about the way you have discussed it that V\_\_ has missed or would miss because of influences from other sources, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In terms of these sources that influence her, by what means of her system, her organic or spiritual system, do these influences tap into her being?

**A:** Visual and auditory.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so she sees things and hears things that influence her, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And where does she usually see or hear these things?

**A:** Scholastic.

**Q:** (L) So, these are scholastic things that you are talking about. She hears and sees things at school that influence her, that you say these influences are not going to be helpful in what she is ultimately trying to achieve, is that correct?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) These things that she sees and hears, are they people and words that the people speak, or are they images such as film images, or just general...

**A:** All of the above.

**Q:** (V) Okay, now listen guys: if I don't go to school to get an education, and, in other words, to get the degree and get the credibility, then how am I going to be able to do any work? (L) Did you ever think that the people you would want to work with wouldn't come to anybody with a traditional degree?

**A:** Laura, let us answer.

**Q:** (L) I'm sorry. I'll butt out.

**A:** Why do you think you need a degree?

**Q:** (V) Well, the professional world here on planet Earth is built around degrees. I'm sure you are aware of that.

**A:** Incorrect!

**Q:** (L) People with degrees are in bread-lines... I'm sorry... I'll shut up. (V) Well, my goodness... so then I...

**A:** Disinformation cleverly and carefully orchestrated.

**Q:** (L) For what purpose?

**A:** To mislead.

**Q:** (V) To mislead in what way? What am I being led away from?

**A:** Not just you.

**Q:** (V) All psych students are misled?

**A:** All humans.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the public school system, including the college system, is deliberately designed and implemented to fill one's brain with false knowledge, to perpetuate Lizzie rule?

**A:** Close but this manifests at lower levels too.

**Q:** (V) Well, let me ask this question... is this the only species in the universe that studies this concept of psychology? Are there psychologists in Orion, are there psychologists in Cassiopaea?

**A:** Narrow concept.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean it's a narrow concept? (V) I mean, I mean... (L) Do you understand what they mean? (V) No, but what I mean is are we the only thinking, intelligent, types of people that... (L) I don't think that's what they meant to imply. (V) Well, it's not coming out right. You know, I sit here and I try and put things into words and it's so hard...

**A:** Expand your mind.

**Q:** (V) I'm trying to. (L) By what means?

**A:** Less prejudice.

**Q:** (L) Bet you never thought you would be called prejudiced, did you? (V) Prejudice about what? I don't think they are talking about blacks and whites... (L) I know, but there are other kinds...

**A:** The universe is an infinite illusion.

**Q:** (V) Jesus Christ! You guys...

**A:** We are not Jesus Christ.

**Q:** (V) That was just an exclamation... (L) They know that. I think they are being funny. (V) Ha, ha. Well, then, I guess... okay, when you say the universe is an infinite illusion, then why not close the eyes, lights out and the illusion is over?

**A:** Stop focusing so narrowly and rigidly.

**Q:** (V) Now, I don't think that's fair because I sit around all the time not focusing on narrow... (L) I know nothing! They already told me to shut up! Alright, you guys, you better help V\_\_ out here because she is losing it... (V) Well I'm, I'm...

**A:** Blast your mind open.

**Q:** (V) Alright. You guys have said you are with us at all times, then you must know that I constantly am thinking about the possibilities... not even to think about possibilities, just accept that there is endless, boundless possibilities and move forward every day from that point of view?

**A:** That's a good start.

**Q:** (V) Well, if I have as open a mind as I do, I mean, I think I have a pretty open mind, what do you guys consider an open mind? Does anybody sitting here have the ultimate open mind? (L) Don't include me in this... I don't want them starting on me! (V) No, I mean how... as 3rd dimensional beings, how open can our minds be? Can you not tell that I am trying?

**A:** You are moving to 4th level, but all are not at same level of progression.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying here that V\_\_ is much farther along than many people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, are you saying that she's got a good start? (V) Am I doing... let's put it this way, if I am moving on in my progression, what are the most critical things that I am doing in my moving and my progressing to move faster, that's making it happen? What are the key things that I do...

**A:** Association with individuals who speed your progress.

**Q:** (V) And naturally, that's Laura and Frank, correct?

**A:** Maybe. That is up to you.

**Q:** (V) Okay, association with individuals who speed my progress, that's one of the things that I do right, that's what you said, right?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (V) Is that the only key thing that I do?

**A:** Learning involves discovery.

**Q:** (V) Alright... So then, am I wasting my precious time going to school to get a degree in psychology?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I just think if going to school makes you happy, do it, but don't take it too seriously. (V) Are you saying that I can be so influenced that I ...

**A:** Influence comes not from experience but belief.

**Q:** (V) Well, if you guys hadn't just instilled within me that what I am doing, my education, is also being highly influenced, then would I ever have had the belief that you are talking about? Are you part of the influence? (L) What are you saying here? (V) Influence comes not from experience but belief... I didn't have a belief before this that I could... (L) Okay, in other words you have warned her about influences therefore, it is now okay for her to continue on her daily path as it is currently set up because she has been warned and is aware, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (V) My understanding is that the whole psychology thing, you know because Frank pooh poohs it all the time, and its that even though the teachings of Freud and all the others, Erikson, Horney and so forth, may not apply to the whole universe, they do apply to the species as a society...

**A:** Application is subjective.

**Q:** (L) So V\_\_ is okay to continue along her current path, and there are a lot of benefits she is receiving from going to school including networking, as it exists for her... (V) Yes, I do a lot of seed planting while I am at school...

**A:** Okay, but be careful of influences.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that is it. You have the knowledge now and you're loaded for bear.

**A:** Now, you could gain much more knowledge by independent study and meditation.

**Q:** (V) Well, the knowledge that I want to gain in psychology and in school, and all of this is in order to help other people grow. (L) I think that what they are telling you is that the knowledge that you want you are not going to get there. That is the whole issue.

**A:** Why do you feel you need a degree?

**Q:** (V) Like I said, for credibility. It's also a legal aspect of practicing. You just don't practice...

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (V) But you are not going to tell me how I can do this otherwise, are you?

**A:** We just did, but because you are not yet open, you did not recognize this.

**Q:** (V) So, independent study and meditation is the true way that I could find how to help other people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) So, in other words, if it is going to happen, it is going to happen. No need to force the issue, huh? Okay, once this is published and people start being aware of what we do, what will they be looking for?

**A:** Everything.

**Q:** (L) You did say that once we got on the network, things would happen suddenly and dramatically. Now, as you must know, I did have an automobile accident the day after I got hooked up to the network, as you can see. I am put back together now with screws and tape!!! I'm sure I look charming! Now, oddly, as I was driving, just a few minutes prior to the accident, I was thinking very strongly of the fact that you Cassiopaeans were with me and I was saying to you in my mind that I wished you would also go and help my friend, Sandra, who was in the hospital. I was planning on rushing through my Christmas Eve and going to the hospital to give her Reiki. And then, Kowabonga! I got the smasho- smacko in the rear. Why did this happen? What did I do wrong? Is this what you meant by "sudden and dramatic?"

**A:** All happens for a reason.

**Q:** (L) Was there something I was supposed to learn from this smash-up?

**A:** If so, learn by meditating.

**Q:** (L) Is there something about our state of being that we can be sitting there thinking loving thoughts about others and then we get smashed?

**A:** Meditate.

**Q:** (V) Is her accident directly connected with getting on line? (L) Well, they didn't kill me, though they tried!

**Q:** (V) Back to my question...

**A:** Not necessary to answer.

**Q:** (L) Is that because I know the answer?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) And my answer is that there is a definite connection between the accident and getting hooked up, is that correct?

**A:** You explore well.

**Q:** (L) I think... now, my whole spinal column snapped like a whip on impact and I did have a concussion... and my shoulder is in REALLY bad shape... I am really surprised that they didn't keep me in the hospital longer...

**A:** You must be a "Whippersnapper."

**Q:** (L) Are there going to be some really positive results from the computer net? I mean, this is a rather painful beginning.

**A:** What have we told you?

**Q:** (V) Well, let's turn it on now.

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) Good night.

END OF SESSION

