## October 20, 1994
Frank, Laura, V\_\_\_

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Elminoia

**Q:** And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Last year both V\_\_\_ and I went to visit a psychic surgeon named C\_\_\_. Is this individual legitimate?

**A:** Not in the way presented.

**Q:** Does she actually insert her hand into your body and do what she claims to do?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is it all faked?

**A:** Delusional.

**Q:** Where does the bloody water come from?

**A:** Trickery.

**Q:** Does Reverend Rita know that she is a fraud? {Rev. Rita was the head honcho of the local spiritualist/metaphysical church as written about in "Amazing Grace" and "The Wave".}

**A:** No. She believes her.

**Q:** Is there any psychic activity that occurs when this woman works on one?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is the nature of it?

**A:** Transference of energy.

**Q:** What is the source or root of this energy?

**A:** Intense concentration of psychic thought power.

**Q:** She is not influenced by any negatives such as the Lizzies or anything like that?

**A:** Some, for confusion purposes.

**Q:** So C\_\_\_ works with the Lizzie energy?

**A:** Somewhat.

**Q:** What is the force or background of R\_\_\_, G\_\_\_, J\_\_\_, et al.

**A:** Bogus but some sincere healing does occur as a result of faith.

**Q:** In the incident that occurred in the spring at A\_\_ B\_\_\_'s house when "Rev. B" came up and sort of zapped me, who or what was behind that activity and what did he do? {Written about in "Amazing Grace" and "The Wave".}

**A:** Dark energies of terrestrial nature were temporarily concentrated upon you.

**Q:** What was the intent.

**A:** Harm out of jealousy.

**Q:** Did they intend to kill me?

**A:** Hurt.

**Q:** Who put this Reverend B up to this activity?

**A:** Rita.

**Q:** Anybody else involved with her in that decision?

**A:** S\_\_\_\_.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Fear reaction to overtaking of influence she wanted.

**Q:** Is A\_\_ B\_\_\_\_ once again involved with the characters at that metaphysical church?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What are they up to?

**A:** Strange thinking patterns.

**Q:** Why did B\_\_\_ call V\_\_\_ the other day?

**A:** Try to steer her away from you and Frank.

**Q:** Why does B\_\_\_ think she has to steer V\_\_\_ away from me and Frank?

**A:** You are powerful influence and so is Frank.

**Q:** What do these people think we are that makes them behave so cruelly and fearfully toward us?

**A:** Don't agree with your knowledge.

**Q:** Well, what's the story here? Am I completely in left field? Or, is Laura right and them wrong?

**A:** Close. You are far closer to the supreme truth than they.

**Q:** Is J\_\_\_ a good psychic?

**A:** Like Aunt Clara on Bewitched.

**Q:** How do aliens control people?

**A:** Which ones?

**Q:** How many choices do I have?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Well, how do the grays and Lizzies do it?

**A:** Mind and body interference with electrical response patterns.

**Q:** Can they do this remotely?

**A:** Less effectively.

**Q:** So they need to work directly on you or be in contact with you by some means that is somewhat material?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are there other aliens on the planet abducting people?

**A:** Much less often.

**Q:** What was the flying boomerang the kids and I saw last year?

**A:** Lizard projection multiple reality station.

**Q:** Did they fly over my house deliberately for me to see them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What was the purpose of them showing themselves to me?

**A:** Make you aware of existence.

**Q:** Why did they want to make me aware of their existence?

**A:** That is an extremely complicated situation.

**Q:** Did that little flap that occurred in Pasco county in spring of 1993 happen as a result of Frank's and my activities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was there a craft over my house the night I hypnotized P\_\_ Z\_\_\_?

**A:** Tuned into visual stimuli from implants. And Z\_\_\_ implants alerted scout craft of Grays and Lizzies.

**Q:** Is P\_\_ Z\_\_\_ under the control of the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How many people are not under the control of the Lizzies nowadays?!

**A:** Open.

**Q:** We would like to know what is the origin of the Gypsies.

**A:** Genes spliced. Slaves of dark forces.

**Q:** Who are these dark forces?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** As what?

**A:** Brotherhood.

**Q:** Does this brotherhood consist of Lizzies and various humans?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** If the Gypsies were gene spliced, who were they gene spliced with?

**A:** Alien race, humanoid, and Atlantean drone workers.

**Q:** What were Atlantean drone workers?

**A:** Slave people controlled by crystal.

**Q:** Why do the Gypsies remain so cohesive? Is that genetically programed?

**A:** Yes. And mind control.

**Q:** There are legends of half human creatures, minotaurs, centaurs, etc. Were any of these creatures real?

**A:** Experiments known as beasts in Atlantis. V\_\_\_ is part Gypsy. Hiding this.

**Q:** Does she know it?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** Who built the city of Baalbek?

**A:** Antereans and early Sumerians. We meant Atlanteans. {Who are the Antereans?}

**Q:** What is the reason for the enormous proportions of this building?

**A:** Giants.

**Q:** Who were the giants?

**A:** Genetic effort to recreate Nephalim.

**Q:** Did the Atlanteans and Sumerians succeed in recreating the Nephilim?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why did they build this enormous city?

**A:** Retarded subjects.

**Q:** The results of their efforts were retarded?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Why did they build the enormous city?

**A:** In anticipation of success.

**Q:** Why would someone come along and build a city of the proportions of Baalbek in anticipation of a genetic project that could take many years to accomplish.

**A:** Project took only three years. Speeded up growth cycle using nuclear hormonal replication procedure. Why failed.

**Q:** That's why it failed, because of the speeded up growth?

**A:** Did not take properly.

**Q:** What technical means did they use to cut the stones and transport them?

**A:** Sound wave focusing.

**Q:** What happened to interrupt or halt the building of this city?

**A:** Venus first appearance and pass.

**Q:** What year was this project brought to a halt?

**A:** 3218 B.C.

**Q:** Who built the city of Mohenjo-Daro?

**A:** Lizards directly. Coatzlmundi legend ties in to this directly look at illustrations on stones now.

**Q:** Who is Coatzlmundi?

**A:** Other deity of the Lizards worshipped by the Atlanteans and their descendants because of the direct contact with humans for 1000 years.

**Q:** Now, you said Mohenjo Daro was built by the Lizzies directly. Did they occupy this city themselves?

**A:** No.

**Q:** When was this city last inhabited continually?

**A:** 3065 years ago.

**Q:** When was it built?

**A:** 6092 years ago.

**Q:** I would like to go back to the subject of the Nephilim. Now you said the Nephilim were a group of humanoid types brought here to earth to be enforcers, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** When were they brought here?

**A:** 9046 B.C. one reference.

**Q:** They were giants, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** They were presented to the people as the representatives, or "Sons" of God, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** You say these dudes were 11 to 14 feet tall...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** You and the ancient literature say that these sons of god intermarried with human women, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did they do that the same way it is done today, that is, sexual interaction?

**A:** No.

**Q:** How was it done?

**A:** Forced insemination.

**Q:** So, it was artificial insemination?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Were these beings like us, including their sexual apparati?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Any significant differences?

**A:** Three gonads.

**Q:** Was their sexual apparatus otherwise similar?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did they mate with human females in a normal way at any time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why not?

**A:** Size difference.

**Q:** Just for the sake of curiosity, just how different in terms of size?

**A:** 23 inches long.

**Q:** Were they circumcised?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Just what was the origin of the practice of circumcision?

**A:** Same as all Judaic traditions hygiene.

**Q:** Where do the Tibetans come from?

**A:** Asia.

**Q:** Were they special in any way? Hybrids or anything?

**A:** No. All are hybrids. At some juncture.

**Q:** What is the origin of the Nubians?

**A:** Caucus range.

**Q:** How come they are so terribly black?

**A:** Genetic mixing.

**Q:** With what? Anything particularly special about them?

**A:** East Indian aborigines.

**Q:** Who was the Queen of Sheba?

**A:** Fictional.

**Q:** Did a great queen come to visit King Solomon?

**A:** Alien influence.

**Q:** Who was Arjuna?

**A:** Same as Sheba.

**Q:** Who is Shiva?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** Rama?

**A:** Indian. High priest influenced by Confederation.

**Q:** Is Ormethion who the Lizzies worship?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Who do they worship? What do they call their god?

**A:** Physical universe.

**Q:** The physical universe is their god?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What happened to K\_\_\_ W\_\_\_? [Little girl missing in another state.]

**A:** Killed.

**Q:** By whom?

**A:** Demented human named Carl.

**Q:** What happened to D\_\_\_ W\_\_\_ and C\_\_\_ S\_\_\_? {Two local men who had disappeared without a trace several years previously.}

**A:** Abducted by aliens for experimentation.

**Q:** Were they killed through these experiments?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How were the walls of Jericho brought down?

**A:** Earthquake.

**Q:** What happened to the army of Sennacherib?

**A:** Destroyed by cosmic rays energy concentration by Lizards.

**Q:** Is there such a thing as sound that can kill?

**A:** Yes. Anything properly concentrated can kill.

**Q:** Are there words that can kill by their simple pronunciation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are there words of power that invoke energies by their pronunciation?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Could you tell us any of them?

**A:** No. You might use unwisely.

**Q:** Sitchin says that the pyramid was built as a permanent marking system to navigate the planets of our solar system. Could you give comments on this please?

**A:** It was not built for that.

**Q:** Who was Jehovah?

**A:** Lizard projection.

**Q:** What is the Melchizedek priesthood?

**A:** False rite.

**Q:** Is there an order of priests to which the original Melchizedek belonged that was true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** I had an experience under hypnosis several years ago while in the mountains of North Carolina. What was that? {Written about in "Amazing Grace" and "The Wave".}

**A:** Soul memory awakening.

**Q:** What was the significance of the necklace?

**A:** Symbolic of ability to communicate supreme knowledge.

**Q:** Another experience on the boat one night, I am remembering now. What was that event? {The "Boatride to Damascus" written about in "Amazing Grace".}

**A:** Similar.

**Q:** What was the source of these two events?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** Alright, another event during meditation followed by period of intense crying. What was this event?

**A:** Soul cleansing.

**Q:** The source?

**A:** Us ridding you of dark influences.

**Q:** When did the Aryans invade India?

**A:** 8243 years ago.

**Q:** Who was there before that?

**A:** Asian tribes and number 3 prototype.

**Q:** What is a number 3 prototype?

**A:** Known as Neanderthal man.

**Q:** And what are we?

**A:** Number 4 types c and d. Translation into English comprehension.

**Q:** Were the Aryan/Celts the original giants?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What white men were seen in South America and talked to the tribes there and promised to return one day and were worshipped as Gods.

**A:** Egyptians and Atlantean descendants.

**Q:** What did the Atlanteans do to bring this karma on us such that the grays and Lizzies...

**A:** Worshipped and served self to extreme.

**Q:** Does the act of channelling actually change our genetics or DNA or some element around our being in some way that we are not even conscious of?

**A:** Steadily yes.

**Q:** Will this channelling have effects on us that will cause changes our lives and lifestyle?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Will there be benefits brought into our lives because of dedication to this work?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** If we dedicate ourselves does this mean that we will be protected or cared for in any way?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** We got some information from the first session when we were working with S\_\_\_\_ which said some awful things about bits of childrens' organs were removed etc, what was the source of that information? Did that come from you guys?

**A:** Yes. Sorry for shock but necessary for broadening channel.

**Q:** You say that there is an effort on the part of the Orions or Lizards... Are the Orions and Lizards synonymous?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Okay. You say that there is an effort on the part of these beings to create a new race. Why do they want or need a new race?

**A:** Theirs no longer satisfies them.

**Q:** When we asked you in the session on July 30th where you were from you said Corsoca, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is that a planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What is Corsoca?

**A:** Point of energy confluence between realms that reflects locator when we were 3rd level.

**Q:** When we do this channelling, Frank and I together, is it different than if Frank were to do it alone?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Okay, when we are doing it together with the board, where are you in space time relative to us as we sit here?

**A:** Above at 6000 miles at border between 3 realms.

**Q:** Once again, you said that if we called on you for help, you would come if we ask. Is there any special way to call and how can we know if you answer?

**A:** Will feel it.

END OF SESSION

