## October 23, 1994
Frank, Laura, VG

See the October 22nd session – direct channeling with Frank – for context.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Join mirth Laura.

**Q:** (L) I am not unmirthful. Who is with us tonight?

**A:** Onokoia.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Are you a Cassiopaean?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Last night we tried direct channeling through Frank, I was not entirely satisfied with the results. Can you tell me what the status was and should we pursue that avenue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Frank operating as a clear channel last night?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) What was the nature of the interference?

**A:** Static electromagnetic.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of this static?

**A:** Various. Channels must be grooved as this one has been.

**Q:** (L) Is it correct that we should persist with practice for him to become a clear channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How often should we do this?

**A:** Open, but one time per week would be work.

**Q:** (L) How long will it take to "groove" or clear the channel?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Was the trance technique acceptable?

**A:** Choose another.

**Q:** (L) Could you give a suggestion?

**A:** Opening.

**Q:** (L) So I should suggest another thing for the opening of the channel?

**A:** Good idea: subject, you are drifting, falls, etc.

**Q:** (L) What visual image should I give him in suggestion to open the channel?

**A:** Up to you. You are now probing in lieu of learning.

**Q:** (L) E\_\_\_ L\_\_\_\_: Can you tell me about her physical condition?

**A:** Thyroid and Estrogen count. Psychological problems caused by thyroid.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything wrong with her heart or her aorta?

**A:** Thyroid.

**Q:** (L) How long after mankind was engineered by the Cassiopaeans did they live on the earth in a harmonious, Edenic, condition before the zapping by the Lizards?

**A:** Mankind was not engineered by us.

**Q:** (L) Well, were we created by you?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, then how did mankind come to be here?

**A:** Combination of factors. Numerous souls desired physical existence then was altered by three forces including principally Lizards through Grays, Nephalim and Orion union.

**Q:** (L) Tell us again who are the Nephilim?

**A:** Enforcers. Slaves of Orion. From Planet 3C, or 3rd star, 3rd planet.

**Q:** (L) You said the other night that the Nephalim came from some area around the constellation Scorpio, is that correct?

**A:** Originally seeded there but you were too.

**Q:** (L) We were originally seeded somewhere else? Where? Orion? What is the name of that planet?

**A:** D'Ankhiar. Ankh is ancient symbolism of this planet. Is female symbol. Stands for mother planet.

**Q:** (L) Is this other planet our original home?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is it like back Home?

**A:** Spent. Cindered. Burned up.

**Q:** (L) So it's true, you can't go home?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) These Nephilim, how tall were they again?

**A:** Up to 15 feet maximum.

**Q:** (L) Was Goliath, who was killed by David, one of the Nephilim?

**A:** Yes. In legend. Actual event depicted in story was earlier.

**Q:** (L) Was it actually David and Goliath?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he actually slay him with a stone from a slingshot?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Were these Nephilim genetically intermixed with human beings?

**A:** Temporarily.

**Q:** (L) Why only temporarily?

**A:** DNA conflict.

**Q:** (L) Were they smarter than us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were they bigger and dumber?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) About the same?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it difficult for them to live on our planet because of their size and gravity and so forth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did they have physical problems here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And when did the last of them die off?

**A:** 6000 B.C. Approximately. One reference.

**Q:** (L) When were they originally brought here?

**A:** 12000 B.C. approx. one reference. Please understand your measurements don't make sense.

**Q:** (L) Let's go back to the three forces. You said numerous souls desired physical existence. When the numerous souls did this, how did physical existence come to be?

**A:** First was apelike.

**Q:** (L) And then what happened? Did these apelike being just pop into the air? What did the souls do with these apelike beings?

**A:** Souls altered them by transfer.

**Q:** (L) Transfer of what?

**A:** Souls into seeded bodies. Orion Union was first into Neanderthal.

**Q:** (L) The Orion souls came into Neanderthal bodies?

**A:** No. Put humans there for incubation process.

**Q:** (L) Were altered ape embryos put back into ape females for gestation?

**A:** No. Souls only.

**Q:** (L) They put the souls into the ape bodies?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Did the soul's presence in the ape body cause its genetics and DNA to change?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They entered into living creatures on this planet to experience 3 d reality and by entering in caused mutation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then were altered by Orion Union first. They resemble you.

**Q:** (L) Who resembles us?

**A:** The Orions.

**Q:** (L) We haven't talked too much about the Orions...

**A:** Orion Union. There are others in Orion Community.

**Q:** (L) Are some of the Orions not good guys as we would term it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are some of them good guys?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that the original creators or genetic engineers were Orions?

**A:** Close. The original engineers but not inhabitants.

**Q:** (L) Where did the souls come from that entered into the bodies on the planet earth? Were they in bodies on other planets before they came here?

**A:** Not this group.

**Q:** (L) Were they just floating around in the universe somewhere?

**A:** In union with the One. Have you heard the Super ancient legend of Lucifer, the Fallen Angel?

**Q:** (L) Who is Lucifer?

**A:** You. The human race.

**Q:** (L) Are the souls of individual humans the parts of a larger soul?

**A:** Yes. Close. The One. All who have fallen must learn "the hard way."

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the act of wanting to experience physical reality is the act of falling?

**A:** You are members of a fragmented soul unit.

**Q:** (L) What is it about wanting to be physical is a "fall"?

**A:** Pleasure for the self.

**Q:** (L) How many people on the planet know what you are teaching us?

**A:** A few.

**Q:** (L) Are we "special" in some way to receive this?

**A:** All are special.

**Q:** (L) How many know?

**A:** 8 so far.

**Q:** (L) Will we be able to teach others?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Who are the others?

**A:** No contact right now.

**Q:** (L) Did, at any time, the human race live for a long time in an Edenic state, where they were able to use bodies and still have a spiritual connection?

**A:** Yes. But not long. No addiction takes long to close the circle.

**Q:** (L) So, mankind was addicted to pleasuring the self?

**A:** Became quickly.

**Q:** (L) How long from the time of the moving of souls into bodies did the "Fall" in Eden occur?

**A:** Not measurable. Remember Laura, there is no time when this event occurred. Time passage illusion did not exist at that point as well as many other falsehoods.

**Q:** (L) So you are saying that the Fall in Eden was also the beginning of time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) These many other falsehoods that you mention, could you tell us about a couple. We know that the first one is time...

**A:** You must learn on your own.

**Q:** (L) {One of my kids} wants to know what the Loch Ness Monster is?

**A:** Serpent. 40 feet long average. There are 51 in the lake. They live in underwater cavern system and are leftovers from pre-cataclysmic times.

**Q:** (L) Are there any huge monsters at the bottom of the ocean?

**A:** Giant squid about 1000 feet long. There are about 20,000 of them more or less.

**Q:** (L) Are there any leftover dinosaurs in the jungles of Africa or South America?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is a vegetarian style of eating good for one?

**A:** Not usually.

**Q:** (L) What did human beings eat before the Fall?

**A:** Vegetarian.

**Q:** (L) So, until we go through the transition we are not really designed to be vegetarian?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Would we be able to use this source to do readings for other people to give them information that they need?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Would you be willing to help us to give readings for other people?

**A:** OK.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if the teachings of Gurdjieff were in any way accurate or near the truth?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) We would like to know the source of information coming through Billy Meier?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) He is not channeling Pleiadians?

**A:** Was but not now.

**Q:** (L) Are the Minturians associated with the Lizzies? {Name of alien group given in a text we had read in Val Valerian's "Matrix", I believe.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the Minturians assisting in abductions?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are the Minturians on the planet at this time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they nearby our planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they in any way involved with the activities going on on the planet at this time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they slaves of the Lizzies?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they living on a free will planet?

**A:** Yes. All are.

**Q:** (L) How tall are they?

**A:** 11 feet tall average but in 4th density realm.

**Q:** (L) Do they eat?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they reproduce?

**A:** Mechanically.

**Q:** (L) When the earth becomes 4th density will we still eat?

**A:** Differently.

**Q:** (L) Will we still reproduce?

**A:** Differently.

**Q:** (L) Will people still have sexual relations?

**A:** Wait and see for yourself. Absorb nutrients through the skin.

**Q:** (L) In the same way as the Lizzies and Grays do?

**A:** They are 4 level.

**Q:** (L) And they also absorb nutrients through their skin?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What nutrients do they use?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (L) What source do they use for these nutrients?

**A:** Answered by Frank previous session.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that we will be feeding ourselves the same way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it true they throw people in the blender and then absorb their bodies.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was Jeffrey Dahmer abducted by the Lizzies at an early age?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he get his perversions from the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is he genetically connected to the Lizzies?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I have a book in the bedroom called The P'taah Tapes channelled by a gal named Jani King. Who is Jani King channelling?

**A:** Herself.

**Q:** (L) We want to know about the Ra Material by Elkins, Rueckert and McCarty, where is the Ra Material coming from?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** (L) Would you say that the Ra Material comes through a clear channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If we had a book with the inscriptions from the city of Mohenjo Daro, would you be able to translate them for us?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Who built Stonehenge?

**A:** Druids.

**Q:** (L) Who were the Druids?

**A:** Early Aryan group.

**Q:** (L) How did they move the stones and set them up?

**A:** Sound wave focusing; try it yourself; coral castle.

**Q:** (L) Who taught the Druids to use the sound waves?

**A:** They knew; handed down.

**Q:** (L) When was Stonehenge built?

**A:** 6000 approx. B.C.

**Q:** (L) What was Stonehenge built to do or be used for?

**A:** Energy director.

**Q:** (L) What was this energy to be directed to do?

**A:** All things.

**Q:** (L) Was the energy to be directed outward or inward to the center?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Are you suggesting we should get together and try to move something with sound?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does this sound come from our bodies?

**A:** Learn. Laura will find answer through discovery.

**Q:** (L) It says in the Kaballah that when a group meets regularly with intent and purpose to acquire spiritual awareness, that they create what is called a vessel. Is this what we have done these past three years?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, since we have created this vessel, into which this information can flow, can we add other people to the use and benefits of this vessel?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) We have heard about a movie called The PuppetMaster, is this movie a depiction of truth?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Were the events surrounding the death of JFK depicted correctly in the Oliver Stone movie, JFK?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that he was shot by one of his own bodyguards?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why was he killed?

**A:** Corruption.

**Q:** (L) Was he the one who was corrupt?

**A:** Too many facts to discuss in this medium.

**Q:** (L) Did Marilyn Monroe commit suicide?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was she murdered?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was she murdered because of her connection with JFK?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did she know that made them want to murder her?

**A:** A lot.

**Q:** (L) Who was the man in the velvet or iron mask who was imprisoned by Louis xiv?

**A:** An heir to the throne.

**Q:** (L) If that was an heir, what relation was he to the king?

**A:** Bastard son. Using your terminology.

**Q:** (L) Did Elvis Presley really die?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is he really in his grave?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he die of an overdose?

**A:** Close. Heart attack.

**Q:** (L) Do the tabloids print truth about UFOs?

**A:** Very often.

**Q:** (L) Was the woman who reappeared in Berlin who said she was the Princess Anastasia really who she said she was? {There have been books claiming she was not, that a DNA test on a tissue sample proved she was not. However, this was done after she had died and there were powerful reasons to dismiss her claims so there was motivation to either fake this test or replace the tissue sample with another. The most compelling book about her claims used sophisticated analysis – including intel agency developed ear matching techniques – to prove that she was the Grand Duchess, Anastasia.}

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

