## November 7, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Goonian.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Are you ready for our questions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the origin and meaning of the Biblical story of the "mark of Cain"? Was it a physical mark?

**A:** Knot at top of spine.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean like a humpback?

**A:** No. Signified.

**Q:** (L) Was it a physical knot on top of the spine?

**A:** Is yours and all others. Feel your head.

**Q:** (L) The occipital ridge?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well if I have it does it mean that I am a murderer?

**A:** No. More superstitions spread by brotherhood.

**Q:** (L) Well, what did the mark of Cain signify?

**A:** Jealousy.

**Q:** (L) Jealousy of whom?

**A:** All humans.

**Q:** (L) Was there a group of people who were set apart by this mark?

**A:** No. All it is is one of your shortcomings genetically engineered by the Lizards.

**Q:** (L) What was the "Ark of the Covenant?"

**A:** Power cell.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of this power cell?

**A:** Lizards given to the Jews to use for manipulation of others.

**Q:** (L) Why was it that if you came close to this object or touched it you would die?

**A:** Energy overload; scrambling by reverse electromagnetism.

**Q:** (L) What is reverse electromagnetism?

**A:** Turned inward.

**Q:** (L) What effect does it produce?

**A:** Liquification of matter.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is pleasant. This "cell" was kept in an ornate box of some sort, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why was it only the priests who could handle it?

**A:** Only those who would not try to use for selfish reasons.

**Q:** (L) But then did just coming near it injure a person?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well why were these individuals able to come near it?

**A:** Nonselfish energy field.

**Q:** (L) So it could tune into thought fields?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why are UFOs frequently sighted over geological fault lines?

**A:** Electromagnetism. Use electrical free waves as fuel for power restoration.

**Q:** (L) Could it be that the UFOs are a manifestation of the geomagnetic energies emitted at fault lines?

**A:** No. Not all theories are correct and some are not even sincere.

**Q:** (L) What is the connection between UFOs and earthquakes?

**A:** Is none. Coincidence. If they are there, some fault breaks produce EM fields which are visible briefly as red or yellow light flashes.

**Q:** (L) How do UFOs affect the electrical systems of automobiles and so forth and why is this phenomenon also associated with hauntings?

**A:** Electromagnetic pulse. Can be manifestations of hauntings also.

**Q:** (L) Would this indicate that both phenomena are originating from the same source or utilizing the same power?

**A:** Laura, do you not know by now that all these phenomena are interdimensional?

**Q:** (L) Is there something about moving from one dimension to another that creates this electromagnetic pulse?

**A:** Yes. Kind of like breaking the sound barrier.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we talked about the fact that the brown eyed people are earth seeded for much longer than blue eyed people who were seeded on another planet, where did green eyed people come from?

**A:** Green and blue are the same in terms of origin.

**Q:** (L) Who was Seth, channeled by Jane Roberts?

**A:** Higher plane earth spirit.

**Q:** (L) Were the teachings in the Seth material accurate and was that a good source?

**A:** Yes but rapidly becoming obsolete as you move toward new reality.

**Q:** (L) What happens to people who commit suicide?

**A:** Varies according to circumstance.

**Q:** (L) In a general sense, is there some negative karma involved in committing suicide?

**A:** There can be negative karma involved with many things.

**Q:** (L) What about the death penalty?

**A:** Specify.

**Q:** (L) Is putting a criminal to death the equivalent of reducing society to the level of the criminal?

**A:** You are all put to death.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** In one way or another.

**Q:** (L) Well, is there any negative karma on society, the judge, the jury, the executioner, if a criminal is brought to trial, found guilty of a heinous crime and then put to death?

**A:** What about war? What is better? This is open because all are murderers and suicides. It is the supreme lesson you all must learn before you can graduate to ethereal existence. Your thinking is too simplified.

**Q:** (L) Is there ever a situation where execution helps relieve the criminal of some of his karma that may be caused by the commission of the crime for which he is being executed?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it better to take a criminal, such as Dahmer, and have all of society support and take care of him?

**A:** These are all past issues. Will be resolved soon.

**Q:** (L) Are there any other physical creatures on planet earth which have souls?

**A:** All do.

**Q:** (L) Is the human soul different from, say, animal souls?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) Are there any other physical creatures on the earth which have souls like human souls? On the same level, so to speak?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have heard that dolphins, porpoises and whales have very advanced souls. Is that true?

**A:** All souls are advanced.

**Q:** (L) But are whales sentient, thinking, self-aware as humans are?

**A:** Apples and oranges.

**Q:** (L) Well, since whales are so big, do they have bigger souls?

**A:** Irrelevant.

**Q:** (L) Is there some way to communicate with whales or dolphins and can one find a way to translate the differences and have a reasonable, intelligent exchange with a whale or a dolphin or even an elephant?

**A:** You don't need conversation "with" when a higher telepathic level.

**Q:** (L) Dolphins and whales communicate telepathically?

**A:** Yes. So do dogs and cats and snakes etc. etc. only humans have learned the "superior" art of verbal communication.

**Q:** (L) But, at the same time, verbal communication can be quite limiting, is that correct?

**A:** That is the point.

**Q:** (L) So, you were being sarcastic with me, weren't you?

**A:** Humorous.

**Q:** (L) Do whales form long-lasting bonds and feel love?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do dogs feel love?

**A:** Dogs feel need as love.

**Q:** (L) Who would make a better governor, Bush or Chiles?

**A:** Either.

**Q:** (L) Which one is going to win?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Carlos Casteneda writes about the peyote beings called "Mescalitos." This being supposedly is part of the peyote plant, a sort of being from the plant. Is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What beings does one encounter when one eats a bunch of peyote?

**A:** Hallucination.

**Q:** (L) Why are these hallucinations so consistent?

**A:** Because those that do have that expectation. If you ate enough peyote you would encounter Santa Claus if that was your expectation. (Much laughter)

**Q:** (L) What happens if you give someone LSD while they are dying? Does it help them die easier?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does it make dying more difficult?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there any essential difference or effect of note?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the "philosophers stone?"

**A:** Idea center.

**Q:** (L) How can this idea center be accessed?

**A:** Many ways: meditation is the best.

**Q:** (L) Is there any visual image of the philosopher's stone that one could use to access it in meditation?

**A:** Yes. Diamond or prism.

**Q:** (L) Was there or is there such a thing as a literal, physical, philosopher's stone that can transmute lead into gold?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was anybody ever able to transmute lead into gold by any means?

**A:** Everybody is able.

**Q:** (L) How?

**A:** You must discover this yourself.

**Q:** (L) Is this knowledge written down somewhere on the planet?

**A:** Yes, but it will be easier in 4th level.

**Q:** (L) Comte St.Germaine claimed to be able to transmute lead into gold. Was this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) He also claimed to have discovered the secret of eternal youth, was this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did he die like everybody else at the regular age?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is Elizabeth Clare Prophet channelling St. Germaine?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who does she channel?

**A:** Imposter.

**Q:** (L) Who was Merlin?

**A:** English jolly fellow.

**Q:** (L) He wasn't a great magician?

**A:** He was the Houdini of his time.

**Q:** (L) There was a very famous case of haunting called the Bell Witch case, can you tell us about it?

**A:** Inform, ask and we will access.

**Q:** (L) Is that why we have to ask every question in such detail?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When we ask a question how does it enable you to access the information?

**A:** Puts in visual image.

**Q:** (L) Who or what was the Bell Witch?

**A:** Connected spirit. Karmic.

**Q:** (L) Was this spirit connected to Betsy Bell or her father?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Why did this spirit so brutalize her father until he died?

**A:** Revenge for previous life wrongs.

**Q:** (L) Is it true, as Dr. Nandor Fodor suggested, that this was an aspect of Betsy Bell's own personality which attacked her father because he had been sexually molesting her?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the cause of Alzheimer's disease?

**A:** Genetic.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be done to prevent it or lessen its effects?

**A:** Biogenetic engineering but will resolve anyway in the near future. And much other as well.

**Q:** (L) Do Ann Boleyn and Catherine Howard haunt the Tower of London and Hampton Court?

**A:** Spirit reflection.

**Q:** (L) Is a ghost or haunting just an image imprinted in space/time?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Are there some cases where the actual spirit of the person hangs around causing phenomena?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can they do this for untold centuries?

**A:** Yes because there is no time.

**Q:** (L) Is T.C. Lethbridge's theory about dowsing correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible to dowse things in other dimensions by lengthening the string?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible by using this technique to dowse winning lottery numbers?

**A:** Difficult; intentions must be pure.

**Q:** (L) It is very difficult to have pure intentions about money, isn't it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) But if, theoretically, one did have pure intentions, would they be able to dowse numbers...

**A:** Tall order. Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are lottery numbers... fixed?

**A:** Everything is at some level. But choice is at what level will be experienced.

**Q:** (L) Recently I read an article about bursts of gamma rays in the upper atmosphere. What are these bursts of gamma rays?

**A:** Increasing energy with approach of wave.

**Q:** (L) So, these bursts of gamma rays are not effects of battling UFOs in other dimensions?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why are there so many crop circles in Britain?

**A:** Window. Why Stonehenge was built there.

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship between UFOs and clouds?

**A:** Can create clouds or appear as clouds but no other relationship.

**Q:** (L) What is ball lightning?

**A:** Electromagnetic spark. Pass from 4th to 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Is the Ayurvedic system a superior system to others?

**A:** Free will.

**Q:** (L) What are the implications of the fact that the Lizzies worship the physical universe?

**A:** Self service.

**Q:** (L) What do they see in the physical universe that they feel is superior to the spiritual universe?

**A:** All who serve self yearn for physicality.

**Q:** (L) These bodies they are creating for themselves, are they creating some kind of super physical beings they can then move into and occupy which will have very advanced abilities that would enable them to serve self better, longer or more completely?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) There has been a lot of scuttlebutt about Walt Andrus, the head of MUFON. I would like to know what energies are behind him and what his motivations are?

**A:** He is okay. Paranoia is his chief problem.

**Q:** (L) What about L\_\_ S\_\_?

**A:** Muddled thoughts.

**Q:** (L) Jenny Randles?

**A:** Okay. She means well.

**Q:** (L) What are the copper scrolls discovered in Israel?

**A:** Essenes. The treasure described was real but no longer intact as described.

**Q:** (L) Who was or is Baal?

**A:** Lizard.

**Q:** (L) Beelzebub?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Were these actual names of individual Lizards?

**A:** No. Personifications.

**Q:** (L) What was the beast known as Leviathan?

**A:** Sea god. Same as Neptune.

**Q:** (L) I discovered the name Nibiru in a list of demonic names. What is the origin of this name?

**A:** Dark teacher.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the name Appolyon?

**A:** Light being?

**Q:** (L) Why is Appolyon called the "destroyer" in Revelation?

**A:** Backward for sake of deception. Bible corrupted.

**Q:** (L) You have often stated that the Bible is corrupted, I would like to know who, exactly, corrupted the Bible and when and how they did this?

**A:** Illuminati brotherhood for a thousand earth years.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that up until a thousand years ago the Bible was fairly accurate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that the Catholic church had anything to do with this corrupting influence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does the Catholic church have in its possession actual original texts of the Bible that have not been corrupted?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were there ever such texts in existence?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who wrote the book of Matthew?

**A:** Greek enforcers.

**Q:** (L) What are Greek enforcers?

**A:** Like your FBI.

**Q:** (L) Who wrote the book of Mark?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Luke and John?

**A:** Same?

**Q:** (L) Acts?

**A:** Same?

**Q:** (L) Are any books of the New Testament written by who they claim to be written by?

**A:** No. Remember this is 70% propaganda.

**Q:** (L) Is 30% then the truth or the actual teachings?

**A:** Close. Enough you must decipher from instinct through meditation.

**Q:** (L) Why did my son's leg suddenly start giving him problems at about the age of three?

**A:** Reflection of past life. Leg was torn off at death. SAM missile shot by North Vietnamese Army. He was flying a jet. This was 1969. Name was George Raymond. Shot down over Phan Bien.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be done to help him release this problem?

**A:** Will be difficult.

**Q:** (L) Is his past life very strong for him?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it stronger than in the other children?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will hypnosis help him to release this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How old was he when he was shot down?

**A:** 25.

**Q:** (L) Was he married?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why did he pick me to be his mother?

**A:** Previous life connection.

**Q:** (L) In his previous life was he abducted by aliens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What country did he live in?

**A:** Which lifetime?

**Q:** (L) When he was shot down?

**A:** USA

**Q:** (L) What about the lifetime when he was connected to me? When was that and what was the relationship?

**A:** 1600s brother.

**Q:** (L) Does his leg cause him pain?

**A:** All violent deaths reflect difficulties in next incarnation?

**Q:** (L) Is that why I have so many difficulties, because of a violent death?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How did I die in my last life?

**A:** Head hit pavement.

**Q:** (L) How is that reflected in this life?

**A:** Non-specific pains in body. You have a lot of those because of the violent trauma.

**Q:** (L) Scars of the soul, so to speak?

**A:** Yes, exactly.

**Q:** (L) Does Frank have physical aches and pains because of violent trauma?

**A:** Mental in his case.

**Q:** (L) What brings it on?

**A:** Continuation of past life. Victimization by many. Left unresolved.

**Q:** (L) What could he have done to resolve that in that lifetime?

**A:** Fought back.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank telling the truth when he says he has no repressed anger?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) But how can he fight back if he has no anger to fuel the fighting?

**A:** Does not need to. Not the problem exactly. Different circumstances now. Needs to be patient and ride out the storm.

**Q:** (L) This situation will pass?

**A:** Open. Will pass if can withstand; didn't last time.

**Q:** (L) If he doesn't ride it out this time does this mean he has to come back into 3rd density and do it over?

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

