## November 12, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Cassiopaea calling.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** We are beginning to tune into your humor.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean.

**A:** "Cassiopaea calling."

**Q:** (L) I get it!

**Q:** (L) What are the dogs barking at?

**A:** Someone in alley.

**Q:** (L) What are they doing in the alley?

**A:** Passing.

**Q:** (L) Do you have any specific messages for us?

**Q:** (L) On a number of occasions we talked about the quorum and the Illuminati. They both seem to be the highest levels of secret organizations. What is their relationship to each other?

**A:** Please put new music on; this a little disruptive. {Creation Chant}

**Q:** (L) How is this? {Celtic harp}

**A:** Better.

**Q:** (L) You don't like the Native American stuff?

**A:** It is okay but disruptive to vibrations.

**Q:** (L) Back to the quorum and illuminati.

**A:** Quorum mostly alien; illuminati mostly human.

**Q:** (L) Well, the quorum has been described...

**A:** Meet; two halves of whole.

**Q:** (L) Well the quorum seems to be described as being in touch with the Cassiopaeans, that is, yourselves, which you have described as beneficial beings, is this correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) The illuminati has been described as being behind or with the brotherhood which has been described as being in connection with the Lizard beings...

**A:** Close. But not that simple.

**Q:** (L) Well, if the quorum is the good guys and the illuminati is the bad guys, and they both are at the high levels of Freemasonry, what is the story here?

**A:** Picture a circle or cycle first now then contemplate for a moment before follow up.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I am contemplating a cycling circle.

**A:** Now, two halves representing positive and negative. Two halves.

**Q:** (L) Well, what I am getting out of that is the two halves and both sides are playing with the human race. Is that it?

**A:** No. This is complicated but if you can learn and understand, it will be a super revelation.

**Q:** (L) Well, go ahead and explain.

**A:** Ask step by step.

**Q:** (L) Why do we so often have to ask things step by step?

**A:** In order to absorb the information.

**Q:** (L) The quorum is described as the good guys. The illuminati is described as bad guys. And yet, they are both Masonic. When a person in the Masonic organization reaches the higher levels, are there individuals at the higher levels recruiting masons to one side or the other?

**A:** First, not exactly one side or another.

**Q:** (L) I am beginning to not understand something here because if the Lizzies...

**A:** Unblock.

**Q:** (L) I don't have a block here. If the brotherhood AKA illuminati AKA Lizzies AKA beast are the ones who are going to do detrimental things to this planet, how are they related or connected to the quorum which is in touch with...

**A:** This will take time to explain be patient it will be worth it.

**Q:** (L) Well, are you going to explain it right now?

**A:** Ask step by step.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What is the nature of evil?

**A:** Blend.

**Q:** (L) Are the Lizzies what we would consider to be evil?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the Cassiopaeans what we would consider to be good?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Yet, do the Cassiopaeans use and manipulate the Lizzies to accomplish certain things?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The Lizzies work independently and in opposition to the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** Independently, not in opposition.

**Q:** (L) Well then, is there somebody over and above this whole project...

**A:** We serve others therefore there is no opposition. Careful now. Step by step. If you do not fully understand answer ask another.

**Q:** (L) Part of a whole. Part of a circle.

**A:** Blend.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean...

**A:** Picture a blending colored circle image.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that at some levels the two halves overlap?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that some of the Quorum are good guys and bad guys and the same for the Illuminati because the two are on opposing sides of the circle but at the point of blending one is weighted more to one side and the other to the other side? And these organizations are where the interactions come together?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (L) Let's leave it for the time being.

**A:** No. Now please.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So it is a blending. Does it have something to do with ... in your case service to others means that you even serve those who serve self, is that correct?

**A:** Yes; we serve you and the Lizards have programed your race to self service remember.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am down a notch or two. So, I am still a service to self individual to some extent, is that correct?

**A:** But moving slowly toward service to others. Not all humans are.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that when people who are members of the quorum or illuminati call for information or help, that you, because of your service to others orientation are obliged to answer whoever calls?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) What is the no part.

**A:** If vibrational frequencies are out of pattern we do not connect.

**Q:** (L) Is the work of the Lizzies part of an overall grand plan or design?

**A:** All is.

**Q:** (L) Let's go on. I am depressed because you guys told me I was a bad person.

**A:** You are not a bad person.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am feeling pretty crummy right now.

**A:** Lizzies induced.

**Q:** (L) You mean my crummy feelings are Lizzie induced?

**A:** As always.

**Q:** (L) Well I am feeling crummy because you guys let me know that I am in the same sinking boat as the rest of the poor slobs on this miserable planet. I was working pretty hard to get out of the boat.

**A:** Silliness; you're in your own boat.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know where Dr. Usui got the Reiki symbols?

**A:** Must answer question.

**Q:** (L) What question? The quorum and illuminati question?

**A:** You will feel ecstasy once answered.

**Q:** (L) Okay. A blending. Yet two halves.

**A:** Of a circle.

**Q:** (L) Who designed this circle?

**A:** Natural frequency wave. Some near conjunction blend both service patterns and each "camp" to create perfect balance.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so the Illuminati are the higher level on the pathway of service to self and somehow, by reaching these higher levels may have come to realizations or frequencies which have caused their position to be modified or blended to where service to self becomes or incorporates or moves them to service to others realizations, is this correct?

**A:** Continue.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the ones in the quorum are those who are focused on service to others and they, in their pathway of service to others begin to understand that some service to self is service to others.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And the whole idea is to blend both pathways no matter which direction you come to it from?

**A:** Service to others provides the perfect balance of those two realities; service to self is the diametrical opposite closing the grand cycle in perfect balance.

**Q:** (L) So it is necessary to have a pathway of service to self in order for the pathway of service to others to exist?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And those who are in the quorum and the illuminati ...

**A:** Blends in middle.

**Q:** (L) So it is necessary to have the darkness in order to have the light...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it is necessary to have the Lizzies in order to have the Cassiopaeans...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And both groups evolved through the Masonic organizations..

**A:** Freemasonry is human reflection in physical of these processes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, thank you very much. I think that is all for tonight.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

