## July 22, 1994
"Frank", Laura and "Candy"

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Is anyone with us?

**A:** Listen, Look. Learn. Stop eating.[^1]

**Q:** What is the problem with eating?

**A:** Not good connection.

**Q:** (L) What is your name?

**A:** Ellaga.[^2]

**Q:** (L) Are you discarnate from Earth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are you an alien like we had the other night?[^3]

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you from another galaxy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Is this the constellation we know as Cassiopaea?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What can we do for a better connection?

**A:** Less noise. [There was activity in the next room. We shut the door.]

**Q:** (L) Do you have information for us this evening?

**A:** Space invasion soon. Four to six years. Battle between forces good and evil. Wait near. Look far. Listen. Mexico fall; Ethiopia quake; September - both - New Near - January - Paris bomb - London Blizzard - 109 die - Plane down - Tahiti - Cholera - Montana - January 1995 - government US - behind California quakes - Three soon - Oklahoma political abduction - February 95 - Big news.[^4]

**Q:** (L) What is causing the Earth changes?

**A:** Electromagnetic wave changes.

**Q:** (L) Can you be more specific?

**A:** Gap in surge heliographic field.[^5]

**Q:** (L) I don't understand.

**A:** Put Frank on processor channel open.

**Q:** Do you mean that Frank can channel on the computer?

**A:** Yes. Do it now.[^6]

**Q:** (L) Is a meteor or comet going to hit Earth?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) What are the effects on us of the comet striking Jupiter?

**A:** Further field imbalance.

**Q:** (L) Was that comet meant for Earth as some psychics are saying?[^7]

**A:** Open.

**Q:** [Unknown question.]

**A:** Bits childrens organs removed while wide awake - kidneys crushed - then next feet - next jaw examined on table - tongues cut off - bones stress tested - pressure placed on heart muscle until burst.

**Q:** Why are you saying these awful things?!

**A:** Must know what consortium is doing.

**Q:** What children are they doing this to?

**A:** Done mostly to Indian children.

**Q:** Why am I getting this horrible feeling while you are telling us this?

**A:** Because subject is distressing.

**Q:** Why do we need to know these things?

**A:** Very big effort on behalf of Orions and their human brethren to create new race and control.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Where do you live specifically?

**A:** Live in omnipresence.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** All realms.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what your environment is like?

**A:** Difficult.

**Q:** (L) Well take a stab at it.

**A:** What stab?

**Q:** (L) Do you serve self or others.

**A:** Both. Self through others.

**Q:** (L) Candy wants to know the details of her abductions.

**A:** Do you?

**Q:** (C) Yes.

Are you sure?

**Q:** (C) Yes.

**A:** Soon, vibrations not right at this time.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean Candy's vibrations are not right to receive this information?

**A:** Right.

**Q:** Why was information about our abductions given last time?

**A:** Was not I.

**Q:** And who are you?

**A:** Ellaga.

**Q:** (L) Is there a tenth planet as described by Zecharia Sitchen?[^8]

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was Venus ejected from Jupiter?[^9]

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did Venus follow a cometary orbit for a time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did Venus appear in our solar system, from the area of Jupiter, coming from deep space as suggested by Velikovsky?

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (L) Was Venus the the pillar of smoke by day and fire by night as seen by the Jews during the Exodus?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was seen by the Jews?

**A:** A Guideship.

**Q:** (L) Were Sodom and Gomorrah destroyed by nuclear weapons?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) How were they destroyed?

**A:** EMP

**Q:** (L) What is "EMP"?

**A:** Electromagnetic pulse.

**Q:** (L) Was Jesus genetically engineered by Aliens as some channeled sources suggest?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Can you explain?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) Was Mary a true virgin when she gave birth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did she conceive in the normal way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who did she have sex with?

**A:** Her husband.

**Q:** (L) Was Jesus genetically altered?

**A:** After - in childhood. Use computer.[^10]

**Q:** (L) We tried it. It wasn't satisfactory. Was Jesus special, Christed as it is called, in any way?

**A:** Quick exalted - Yontar[^11] - ancient wars - civil entrancement - Zindar council.

**Q:** (L) What is the Zindar Council?[^12]

**A:** Two cycle exchangers mission.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** References vast. Use Laura Channel computer.[^13] Must go.

END OF SESSION

[^1]:  Candy was having a snack.

[^2]:  Another unusual name; I was intrigued.

[^3]:  I was making an assumption that we had been conversing with "aliens." In fact, the Cassiopaeans have never described themselves as "aliens." What they had actually said was "alien from your perspective."

[^4]:  The curious thing about this remark is that on February 25 of 1995, we were given a warning of a terrorist bomb attack within a month. Connecting that back to this mention of Oklahoma "political abduction," and we find a curious relationship to the Oklahoma Bombing in March of 1995. In one of the earliest reports of the capture of Timothy McVeigh, he was quoted as saying that he was under the control of an implant that was in his hip, and that he believed he had been abducted and programmed by the government. And it was, indeed, BIG news!

[^5]:  Keep this in mind also, along with the "Sun in Libra" remark from the first session, and the "twin sun" reference from the "Carcosa" clue.

[^6]:  We tried it and it was nonsense. We concluded that this was an attempt at side-tracking the process.

[^7]:  There were many rumors on the internet at the time of the Comet Shoemaker-Levy impacts on Jupiter that this comet had been meant to hit Earth, but a certain group of aliens, and I don't remember which one, had decided to "save" the Earth by redirecting these comets to strike Jupiter instead. Naturally, all of mankind was supposed to be grateful to this particular group for saving our buns from the fire!

[^8]:  I had recently read Zecharia Sitchin's  The 12th Planet  , which posits that a superior race of alien beings once inhabited our world. Sitchin claims that they were travelers from the stars, that they arrived eons ago, and genetically engineered mankind to be slaves for them. He claims that the "Sons of Anak" mentioned in the Bible are the Annunaki, and also that they are the same as the Nefilim mentioned in the Bible. His claim is that they are a race of gold-seeking giants from a renegade planet in our own solar system that was known to the Sumerians as the "Planet of the Crossing." This planet "crosses" the plane of the ecliptic every 3,600 years, and when it gets close enough, these beings make a "hop" to Earth to check up on their creation. Supposedly, this will happen again soon. The title comes from the fact that Sitchin proposes that there are 12 houses of the zodiac because there were 12 "planets." He includes the Sun and moon in his count because they are zodiacally significant. But, in actuality, it is really a 10th planet, excluding the Sun and Moon. He also fails to note that the Earth is excluded from zodiacal considerations due to the fact that astrology is geocentric. But that is a minor point. More significantly, there does seem to be something to the idea of a 3,600 year "event" of comet swarms due to the break-up of a giant comet as described by astronomers Victor Clube and Bill Napier in their books  The Cosmic Serpent  and  The Cosmic Winter  . This idea was given additional support by Firestone, West and Warwick-Smith in  The Cycle of Cosmic Catastrophes  . I am not aware of any other channeled source that has brought up and discussed these ideas and added information to the pool that later turned out to be correct based on scientific assessment.

[^9]:  This was proposed by Immanuel Velikovsky as an explanation for why the ancient astronomers and myth makers claimed that Venus was born from Jupiter.

    "Several times during the 15th and 8th centuries BC, the Earth was convulsed by near collisions with other celestial bodies. These cosmic brushes caused a series of catastrophes that altered the course of ancient history." A host of ancient myths and legends offer clues as to what happened during these catastrophes. Further written evidence is contained in the Old Testament Book of Exodus and also historical and astronomical texts inscribed on papyrus and on stone and clay tablets.

    "Millennia after being ejected from Jupiter, the cometary Venus was thrown into an elliptical orbit around the sun. Along that orbit, it intersected the orbit of the Earth. Mankind watched in terror, as the sky seemed to catch fire. The Babylonians called Venus the "bright torch of Heaven."

    "The Chinese wrote that Venus spanned the heavens, rivaling the sun in Brightness. An ancient rabbinical record said that Venus "Blazes from one end of the cosmos to the other.""

    Velikovsky theorized by following the trail of Venus through world-wide myths and legends, that Venus intersected the Earth in its orbit sometime during the middle of the fifteenth century BC. This event was recorded in the Bible as the plagues of Egypt and the means by which the Jews escaped from bondage. Searching for verification of his theory, Velikovsky spent weeks trying to find an Egyptian account of the events of the Exodus. Finally he discovered a translation of an Egyptian papyrus which contained a description of a great catastrophe including the plagues of Egypt. It was called  Admonitions of a Sage  , or the

    The reader will most certainly wish to read  Worlds in Collision  because it is one of the most rational books ever written. Even if Velikovsky was wrong about some of the conclusions he drew regarding myth and legend, his observations and proposals of a new way at looking at the cosmos have yet to be fully appreciated. And, according to the Cassiopaeans, he was, at least, partly correct.

[^10]:  Again, we are being urged to "use the computer" or a form of "automatic writing" for channeling purposes. Yes, it would certainly have been easier and faster, but I did not feel that the contact had been sufficiently checked out to warrant taking that step yet. One thing that occurs to me long after the fact is that this was a conflation of the idea of channeling with networking via computer.

[^11]:  This reference proved later to be the name of a planet. The question that occurs here is: Are planets also beings as is suggested by this reference to "ancient wars?"

[^12]:  Zindar or Zendar also turned out to be a planetary name.

[^13]:  Again the computer is being suggested, only this time it is specifically addressed at me. But, I wasn't buying it. Not yet, at least. Later, however, I felt that a lot of "The Wave" was written in a "special state".

