## December 1, 1994
Frank, Laura, J\_\_ and A\_\_ (Two of Laura's children)

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. You like puppies.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have tonight?

**A:** Romommea.

**Q:** (L) Who are you and where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Should A\_\_ participate?

**A:** Should sit quietly; she's at a "sensitive" age.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean it is better for her to not use the board?

**A:** Yes. Bad influences are near.

**Q:** (L) Bad influences are near? And what are these "bad" influences?

**A:** Discarnate "gargoyles".

**Q:** (L) What are they near for?

**A:** A\_\_ is near the board.

**Q:** (L) Should she sit in the other chair?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that better now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, what would these gargoyles like to do?

**A:** Overtake communication.

**Q:** (L) Well, begone! Did that do it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, tell them to scram.

**A:** We are free will, we can advise.

**Q:** (L) Well, then advise them to leave, please.

**A:** Open. There is much interference.

**Q:** (L) What can we do to enhance communication at this end?

**A:** Communication is best when pure.

**Q:** (L) What is not pure tonight? Is it my attitude or activities?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is not pure?

**A:** Interference.

**Q:** (L) What is causing the interference?

**A:** We are not certain.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can do... should we have the children leave the room?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) If they leave the room will you be better able to communicate?

**A:** Thought patterns show static.

**Q:** (L) My thought patterns show static?

**A:** Someone's.

**Q:** (L) Is it someone in this room?

**A:** Possibly, but not clear. It's someone apart from channel.

**Q:** (L) What are M\_\_ and S\_\_ doing at this moment?

**A:** Unreadable.

**Q:** (L) Why is that?

**A:** Static energy field.

**Q:** (L) Is that possibly where the static is coming from?

**A:** Possible.

**Q:** (L) {J\_\_ leaves and goes to bed} Okay, did that help?

**A:** Remember, children most vulnerable when attack underway. You are currently under psychic onslaught.

**Q:** (L) Okay. {A\_\_ leaves and goes to bed} Is that better?

**A:** Better, but you are definitely being deliberately assaulted by some source right now.

**Q:** (L) Well, my ears are ringing to beat the band. What is this source?

**A:** Earth bound.

**Q:** (L) Is the originator of this negative energy Ms. S\_\_ H\_\_ who claims to have practiced witchcraft in her youth?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is another of these attackers M\_\_ F\_\_\_ who also claims to have practiced witchcraft in his youth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And is another one Mr. A\_\_ B\_\_ who claims to be Florida's greatest sorcerer, if not the world's?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Are they all in cahoots?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Can you give me any definite answers on this situation?

**A:** Static around all mentioned. Phone opened line of attack one attacker believes he has powers to damage you.

**Q:** (L) Is that attacker M\_\_?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the situation is that, from any point of view, M\_\_ and S\_\_ have really treated me badly and I tried to be real low key and understanding and forgiving about the whole thing. However, when I learned that they had stolen from me, I got very upset. So, did I take the right approach in having my attorney send the demand letter to S\_\_?

**A:** Yet to be seen.

**Q:** (L) Well, I decided that it was time for the buck to stop. These people have gone around doing what they are doing for as long as I am willing to tolerate not having my side heard. I never believed that people could be so vicious.

**A:** Will they share your beliefs?

**Q:** (L) Probably not, but I can only stay buried so long. And, it is definitely rattling some bushes.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) From your position of all-knowingness and all-seeingness, can you give me a little guidance on this?

**A:** No one is "all-knowing" and seeing.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you can't see A\_\_, M\_\_ or S\_\_, is that correct?

**A:** Static.

**Q:** (L) What is creating the static around them? Are they performing some Lizzie rituals?

**A:** Machinery of some kind is being used to create the static.

**Q:** (L) Are they doing this to protect themselves from some sort of imagined attack from me (because I am sure S\_\_ has convinced them I am an evil witch)?

**A:** Assault upon Laura directly.

**Q:** (L) They are using some kind of machinery to attack me directly?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What kind?

**A:** Lights, bells, smoke, siren, oscillator, EM waves.

**Q:** (L) Are they going to try to burn my house down?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I need to know, this is serious.

**A:** Cannot tell.

**Q:** (L) Well, what you have described sounds like a fire-truck.

**A:** Knowledge protects. We have helped you to gain knowledge.

**Q:** (L) So, I should just be alert and aware?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) Did A\_\_ B\_\_ call M\_\_?

**A:** Probable.

**Q:** (L) Is M\_\_ the person who called earlier this evening?

**A:** Was some sort of device.

**Q:** (L) Who called after Frank was here and did not leave a message?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) How come all of this stuff started happening today.

**A:** Energy flow and W\_\_ "bush rattling." From remote location.

**Q:** (L) How can M\_\_ attack me from a remote location?

**A:** He may try machinery.

**Q:** (L) What kind of machinery could cause my house to burn?

**A:** Not could cause, thinks could cause. Machines are frightening S\_\_.

**Q:** (L) What is the likelihood of S\_\_ paying back what she owes me? It's a lot of money.

**A:** Depends on course of events.

**Q:** (L) And what are the possible courses?

**A:** 956000 possibilities.

**Q:** (L) Is it better for the kids not to take the melatonin tonight in case M\_\_ tries to burn my house down?

**A:** Okay either.

**Q:** (L) Should I just not have said or done anything?

**A:** Cannot "should have" done anything.

**Q:** (L) I would also like to ask you guys to use your abilities to counteract some of this influence in the sense of at least shielding.

**A:** Knowledge is shield.

**Q:** (L) Why is A\_\_ depressed?

**A:** Biological changes.

**Q:** (L) Is it just a phase?

**A:** Close. S\_\_ "crumbling".

**Q:** (L) Why is she crumbling?

**A:** Mixed feelings.

**Q:** (L) Did she do the things she did toward me deliberately?

**A:** F\_\_ heavy influence.

**Q:** (L) What does she think about F\_\_ Now?

**A:** Getting progressively "spooked".

**Q:** (L) By him?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is she figuring out how crazy he is?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Are S\_\_ and S\_\_ S\_\_ believers in the Gospel according to F\_\_?

**A:** Naive.

**Q:** (L) Is this fiasco going to open their eyes?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there any other thing I need to know about this situation?

**A:** Just be aware.

**Q:** (L) Will I be able to sleep safely tonight?

**A:** Should, but pray.

**Q:** (L) And who should I pray to?

**A:** Same as always.

**Q:** (L) Is there such a being as St. Michael?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (L) Which higher being is most able to help a person in a situation of danger?

**A:** Universe.

**Q:** (L) Pray to the Universe?

**A:** Refer to recent session.

**Q:** (L) And what was in the recent session that I need to refer to?

**A:** November 26.

**Q:** (L) What was in that session?

**A:** Universe.

**Q:** (L) About universes, alternate universes etc?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Anything else I need to know?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it alright if we have Chuck attend?

**A:** Good boy!

**Q:** (L) Okay then, good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

