## October 19, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Do we have anybody with us tonight?

**A:** We are always with you.

**Q:** (L) Who are we talking with tonight?

**A:** Nonigera.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that when we ask an individual under hypnosis about an alien abduction scenario to try to tune in to aliens... can we do that?

**A:** Yes. The individual is aware on every level and the information you seek was known at the time. The questions you ask are merely an accessing of information that is already in awareness at some level. Budd Hopkins and David Jacobs are too regimented.

**Q:** (L) Why does Mike F\_\_\_ think that people are trying to come between him and S\_\_\_\_? {Mike F was a self-proclaimed UFO/abduction expert who "took over" the case of "Candy" as written about in The Wave.}

**A:** Paranoia.

**Q:** (L) Is M\_\_\_ engaged in physical relationship with S\_\_\_?

**A:** Trying.

**Q:** (L) Why did S\_\_\_ just suddenly turn cold to everything and everybody?

**A:** Embarrassment.

**Q:** (L) About what?

**A:** Cream.

**Q:** (L) Because she backed out on the cream deal? {"Candy" had the idea to make and sell a face cream and had gotten a number of people involved and investing and it flopped.}

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, embarrassed in what way?

**A:** Realized how stupid she looked and two faced also. Usually when someone stops contact with you it is because of embarrassment.

**Q:** (L) Why did she stop contacting V\_\_?

**A:** V\_\_\_\_ is connected to you.

**Q:** (L) Is S\_\_\_\_ still having serious problems at this time?

**A:** S\_\_\_\_ is having problems she perceives as serious.

**Q:** (L) But they are not, is that correct?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) How does J\_\_\_ W\_\_\_ really feel about me and Frank? {JW is cousin written about in "Amazing Grace".}

**A:** Questions your intent.

**Q:** (L) In what respect? Does he think I am up to something?

**A:** Thinks you are volatile.

**Q:** (L) Am I?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) How does he feel about Frank?

**A:** Resents him.

**Q:** (L) Why.

**A:** Intelligence.

**Q:** (L) What are J\_\_\_'s intentions toward me.

**A:** Make you a follower.

**Q:** (L) Is he jealous.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it because Frank has a strong mind?

**A:** Yes. He only wants followers.

**Q:** (L) I am asking you to help me out here.

**A:** Can't help with karmic level 1 processes.

**Q:** (L) What is a karmic level 1 process?

**A:** Major predestined lesson or mission.

**Q:** (L) Are Frank and I going through all of these things right now to create some change in our state of being or our living... {Basically, we were discovering that everyone we met who were involved in UFO/alien research were a bunch of loopers; two-faced, back-stabbing, egocentric nutcases!}

**A:** To open memories, psychic record.

**Q:** (L) Have we been through these experiences in other lifetimes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When we do this channeling does it magnetize our bodies to bring benefits into our lives?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this work a destined mission?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If one is in process of fulfilling one's destiny in terms of performing a mission, is not the universe capable of meeting one's needs?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this, in fact, going to happen for both of us as we focus on this work?

**A:** If you keep pushing forth.

**Q:** (L) So all the things we are doing now...

**A:** And coordinate each others input equally.

**Q:** (L) Did S\_\_\_ make any money selling her jewelry?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What does S\_\_\_ think about Frank?

**A:** Resents his superior intelligence.

**Q:** (L) Me?

**A:** Resents same. Thinks you're weird.

**Q:** (L) What does A\_\_\_ B\_\_\_ really think about me? {This was a guy in St. Pete who claimed to be the highest level Golden Dawn initiate in the State of Florida. My impression of him was that he was not the brightest crayon in the box.}

**A:** Resents your power.

**Q:** (L) C\_\_\_ H\_\_\_?

**A:** Fears your power. She is misguided.

**Q:** Okay, thank you for the help.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

