## October 16, 1994
Frank, Laura, V\_\_\_

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. Music is Good.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us your name?

**A:** Cederra.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the origin of the Freemasons?

**A:** Osirians.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us when the original Freemasons formed as a society?

**A:** 5633 B.C.

**Q:** (L) Is Freemasonry as it is practiced today the same?

**A:** 33rd degree, yes.

**Q:** (L) So, there is a continuing tradition for over 7 thousand years?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this organization with a plan to take over and rule the world?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) What is their focus?

**A:** Overseers.

**Q:** (L) Of what?

**A:** The status of quorum.

**Q:** (L) What is the quorum?

**A:** Deeper knowledge organization. Totally secret to your kind as of yet. Very important with regard to your future.

**Q:** (L) In what way?

**A:** Changes.

**Q:** (L) Can you get more specific? Is that changes to us personally?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Earth changes?

**A:** Also.

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship between this quorum and the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** They communicate with us regularly.

**Q:** (L) Do they do this knowing you are Cassiopaeans or do they do it thinking...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Has there been an ongoing relationship between the Cassiopaeans and this quorum for these thousands of years?

**A:** For some time as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the Kaballah?

**A:** Channeled truths given to early pre-Mosaic Jews to use your terminology.

**Q:** (L) When the Jewish commentators began setting down the teachings, was this the first time this had been put into writing?

**A:** No. Not even close.

**Q:** (L) Is the form that it is in today very close to the original form and can it be relied upon?

**A:** No. Corrupted.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the books of Enoch?

**A:** Sanskritian society in area now referred to as India.

**Q:** (L) What evaluation can we give the books of Enoch as far as level of truth?

**A:** 50% of area was destroyed in nuclear conflagration in between

**Q:** (L) In between what?

**A:** Then and now in the expanded present.

**Q:** (L) What is the "expanded" present?

**A:** The real measure of time.

**Q:** (L) Who was Hermes Trismegistus?

**A:** Traitor to court of Pharoah Rana.

**Q:** (L) Who is Pharoah Rana?

**A:** Egyptian leader of spiritual covenant.

**Q:** (L) In what way was Hermes a traitor?

**A:** Broke covenant of spiritual unity of all peoples in area now known as Middle East.

**Q:** (L) Who did Hermes betray?

**A:** Himself; was power hungry.

**Q:** (L) What acts did he do?

**A:** Broke covenant; he inspired divisions within ranks of Egyptians, Essenes, Aryans, and Persians et cetera.

**Q:** (L) What was his purpose in doing this?

**A:** Divide and conquer as inspired by those referred to as Brotherhood in Bramley book you have read.

**Q:** (L) Is this the Brotherhood of the snake Hermes formed in rejection of unity?

**A:** Hermes did not form it; it was long since in existence.

**Q:** (L) Who was the originator of the Brotherhood of the Serpent as described in the Bramley book?

**A:** Lizard Beings.

**Q:** (L) Where did Moses get his knowledge?

**A:** Us.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you told us before that he saw or interacted with a holographic projection created by the Lizard Beings. Was that the experience on Mount Sinai?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, if he got knowledge from you, did he get this prior to the interactions with the Lizard beings?

**A:** Yes. He was corrupted by imagery. He was deceived by the imagery a la Joseph Smith, for example.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that Joseph Smith, the recipient of the Mormon texts, was deceived by the Lizards also?

**A:** Yes. They do that a lot.

**Q:** (L) Why did it take so long for us to get a "good source" through this medium?

**A:** Too many interactions with channel cancellers.

**Q:** (L) Who are the individuals are channel cancellers?

**A:** It would not be our way to name names.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean people we have had involved in our lives?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does it have anything to do with our activities?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does it involve other entities that have tried to come through that have blocked the channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they Lizards?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are there any exercises we can use to help our bodies transform into fourth density?

**A:** Not necessary. It is the soul that matters.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that if we focus on soul development, that at the time of transformation that our bodies will automatically be transformed for us?

**A:** No. It is natural process. No preparation is needed.

**Q:** (L) So, if you are meant to transform, you will, if you are not you won't?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that when my body reacts to certain foods that I should stop eating them? Is my body trying to tell me something?

**A:** Up to you. Nothing needs to "tell" you anything.

**Q:** (L) Can you clarify that?

**A:** Why are you searching for guidance where it is not needed?

**Q:** (L) In other words, if we just do each day what naturally comes to us as the best choice in each moment, we are on the right track?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (V) I find the information of transforming to the fourth dimension very exciting and natural which is why I ask if this is going to be something I will experience in the future excluding death?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) If, theoretically, an individual... I am getting a very unusual feeling right at this moment, why?

**A:** Metabolic changes enhanced by accelerated learning.

**Q:** (L) Is this happening to all three of us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, as I was starting to say, if, theoretically an individual was to develop in a natural way by making all the proper choices, and was to arrive at the point in time when the major transition is to be made, would that individual's body pass through into that heightened dimension in a physical state? Remember, this is just a theoretical person...

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) Now suppose this theoretical person were to pass through this transition to the other side, what state would they find their body in? Would it be exactly as it is now in terms of solidity? What would be the experience?

**A:** The key concept here is variability of physicality.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that everybody will be different or that an individual will have greater control over the substance and constitution of the body?

**A:** Not exactly either. Your physicality will be variable according to need and circumstance.

**Q:** (L) Okay, does this mean that sometimes we will be more of a light body?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that sometimes we will be more of a firm body as we have now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will our bodies age differently?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What will be the median lifespan?

**A:** 400 years

**Q:** (L) And will those who pass through this transition as, say, 50 year olds, will they have an equal opportunity to live an additional 400 years?

**A:** Will regenerate in youthful appearance.

**Q:** (L) Now, when you say 400 years, will it be that the plane has a different orbit and that a year will be different?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Will the days be different as to length of time light and dark as they are now?

**A:** Not the point. Planet will be 4th density as well.

**Q:** (L) But will the days and nights be different and will the orbit be different? Will the axial angle be changed?

**A:** You are thinking in terms of the 3rd level density. The rules will be so totally different that physical inspired comparisons are moot.

**Q:** (L) But I like the sunshine and birds singing and breezes. I just want to know if those things will be the same.

**A:** In some fashion.

**Q:** (L) Can't you give a few clues?

**A:** We must let you see for yourself.

**Q:** (V) I had an experience with Preying Mantis beings. Who are they?

**A:** Minturians.

**Q:** (L) Where are they from?

**A:** Orion.

**Q:** (L) Are the Orions the bad guys?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Well, what group do they belong to?

**A:** Federation as do the Plieadians.

**Q:** (L) Did they abduct me or what is the source of this memory?

**A:** It is a memory of a past life held in the deep subconscious level.

**Q:** (L) What did they do to me?

**A:** Retroprogramming for learning purposes.

**Q:** (L) For what?

**A:** Lessons are to be learned by you not told by us.

**Q:** (L) Why did the grays abduct V\_\_\_?

**A:** To try to encode her to destroy herself.

**Q:** (L) Has she overcome this programming?

**A:** Hopefully. There is always room for error. Remember, free will is the most important law of consciousness in creation.

**Q:** (V) I had a dream about being a teacher and showing small children how to use light and color. Was this precognition?

**A:** Probably.

**Q:** (L) Would this probability be within the next ten years?

**A:** Listen. Open.

**Q:** (L) What is the meaning of the number 666 in the book of Revelation?

**A:** Visa.

**Q:** (L) You mean as in credit card?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are credit cards the work of what 666 represents?

**A:** Yes?

**Q:** (L) Should we get rid of all credit cards?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Would it be more to our advantage than not to disconnect ourselves from the credit system?

**A:** Isn't just credit also debit.

**Q:** (L) Is that an affirmative.

**A:** How are you going to do this?

**Q:** (L) Well, do you have any suggestions?

**A:** World will soon have nothing but credit and debit have you not heard of this new visa debit cards this is the future of money as controlled by the world banking system i.e. the brotherhood i.e. Lizards i.e. antichrist.

**Q:** (L) If I don't have a credit card then I don't have to belong to this system?

**A:** No. You will have no choices: belong or starve.

**Q:** (L) What happened to free will?

**A:** Brotherhood aka Lizards aka antichrist has interfered with free will for 309000 years. They are getting desperate as we near the change.

**Q:** (V) It has always been my nature to rebel against that which I did not feel was good for me. Is rebellion against this system possible?

**A:** If you are willing to leave the body.

**Q:** (L) Leave the body as in death, croak, kick the bucket?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If we were to move...

**A:** Changes will follow turmoil be patient.

**Q:** (L) We would like to move into the country. Will it be possible to get along without this credit/debit card leading that kind of life?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they going to have the kind of capability of controlling everything and everybody no matter where they are?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Even if we moved to Guyana and built a log hut in the rain forest and didn't bother anybody, we'd still get sucked into this thing?

**A:** Laura you will feel the effect of the Lizard beings desperate push for total control no matter where you go.

**Q:** (L) That is inexpressibly depressing. Do you understand?

**A:** Why? Change will follow.

**Q:** (L) Will it follow soon?

**A:** You are slipping a bit. Refer to Literature "Bringers of the Dawn". Challenge will be ecstasy if viewed with proper perspective which is not, we repeat: not of third level reality, understand?

**Q:** (L) In the reference cited, Joan of Arc is described as feeling ecstatic while burning at the stake. Is that what you mean?

**A:** Sort of, but you need not burn at the stake.

**Q:** (L) That's small comfort. There's other ways to die.

**A:** We are not speaking of death, Laura. If you listen to those who are firmly rooted in 3rd level this is when you run the risk of slipping in your knowledge learned no matter how good the intentions i.e. L\*\*\* {Laura's then husband, now ex-husband}.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean about L\*\*\*?

**A:** Guyana.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean "Challenge will be ecstasy"? What sort of challenge?

**A:** Living through the turmoil ahead.

**Q:** (L) Several books I have read have advised moving to rural areas and forming groups and storing food etc...

**A:** Disinformation. Get rid of this once and for all. That is 3rd level garbage.

**Q:** (L) We feel pretty helpless at the mercy of beings who can come in and feed off of us at will. Do we have someone on our side, pulling for our team, throwing us energy or something?

**A:** Who do you think you have been communicating with?

**Q:** (L) Are you going to be able to assist us through this turmoil?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) If we call, can we get your assistance?

**A:** All you have to do is ask.

**Q:** (L) Will we go through any periods when we may be cut off from help?

**A:** You are never ever cut off.

**Q:** (L) Oh, I don't want to suffer!

**A:** You need not suffer. Stop thinking 3rd level.

**Q:** (L) I don't want anybody I love to suffer either. I don't want any pain. I've suffered enough!

**A:** You are stuck at 3rd level tonight.

**Q:** (L) It's not just that. There is so much disinformation you just don't know who to believe... I mean, how do we know we can believe you? There are so many sources out there deceiving and they do it so cleverly. Look at the Bible... for 2,000 years people have been believing that...

**A:** They deceive when you allow it.

**Q:** (L) I know you are supposed to take some things on faith... but, do you see my problem here?

**A:** Yes, but you don't.

**Q:** (L) What is my problem?

**A:** Mental block.

**Q:** (L) In the recent past you indicated that chapter 24 of Matthew and chapter 21 of Luke, were given by Jesus after his extended sleep state. Now, both of those chapters refer to the present time as being like the days of Noah. Is that a correct assessment?

**A:** In a sense and individual events are as yet undetermined.

**Q:** (L) Well, the story of Noah tells us that Noah was told to build an ark.

**A:** Symbolic.

**Q:** (L) Yet Noah built an ark. Was it true that certain individuals, whoever they were, built boats or did things to survive that terrible cataclysm?

**A:** No. Look at it this way. Noah built a boat because it seemed like an enjoyable enterprise and when the flood came it came in handy, see?

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that if we do what we do because we enjoy it that we will be in the right place at the right time, doing the right thing when whatever happens happens, right?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that we will be led to do what we should be doing and be where we should be?

**A:** You will just fall into it but if you force things you run the risk of going astray.

**Q:** (L) Am I correct in thinking that many people who think they are channeling are just channeling earthbound spirits?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible to channel dead people who have gone into the light?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Would it be possible for us to do this with other people present so that they could ask questions also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is S\_\_\_ under the influence of other forces?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who?

**A:** Who else? The Lizzies.

**Q:** (L) Is it acceptable within universal law to do spirit release work on people without requesting their permission?

**A:** You already do this without inquiry.

**Q:** (L) Is it alright to do it without inquiry?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that we could be loading ourselves with Karmic debt by sticking our noses in where we may not be wanted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would it be better to not do this without request?

**A:** You must answer within yourself.

**Q:** (L) Can one do a spirit release on another after asking the higher self permission?

**A:** Too many conflicting thought patterns.

**Q:** (L) Can one ask the higher self for permission to do a cleansing?

**A:** Be cautious not to interfere with karmic learning assignments.

**Q:** (L) Do some people have attachments that are part of karma?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Let's go back to the subject of the beast and the number 666. You say that following the enforcement of control by the Lizzies on the entire world that the change is going to take place, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How long following?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Several prophetic works have said that this period is going to last 6.3 or 7 years. Is that correct?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) On the subject of the 666, I was given an insight into this several years ago as to another meaning of it, is that interpretation also correct?

**A:** Maybe. VI is 6 in Roman Numerals. S was 6 in ancient Egypt. A was 6 in Sanskrit. VISA, see, is 666. Interesting that to travel for extended periods one needs a "visa" also, yes?

**Q:** (L) The other parts of chapter 13... Verse one says, "I stood on the sandy beach I saw a beast coming up out of the sea with ten horns and seven heads. On his horns he had ten royal crowns and blasphemous titles on his heads..." What does this verse mean?

**A:** Many meanings. Monetary control. 10 represents universal control of whole units of value.

**Q:** (L) So, the ten horns represent units of value, so we are talking about money here. What are the blasphemous titles on his heads?

**A:** In God we trust.

**Q:** (L) "And the beast that I saw resembled a leopard..."

**A:** New World Order.

**Q:** (L) "And to him the dragon gave his might and power and great dominion..." Who is the dragon?

**A:** Read again please.

**Q:** (L) "And the beast I saw resembled a leopard..." What does the leopard signify?

**A:** Leopard is fast moving and distinctly patterned.

**Q:** (L) "His feet were like those of a bear..." what do the feet represent?

**A:** Russia.

**Q:** (L) Why are the feet like those of a bear?

**A:** Hidden power center in that geographic location.

**Q:** (L) What nature this power center?

**A:** Same as USA. Feet are not so easily seen.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that Russia and the US are secretly united?

**A:** Under same control.

**Q:** (L) Are these the Lizards?

**A:** At the root.

**Q:** (L) "His mouth was like that of a lion..." What does mouth represent and why is it like a lions?

**A:** Noisy and boastful.

**Q:** (L) Who is noisy and boastful and how is this going to manifest?

**A:** Economic power structure. Lion is powerful and commands attention by roaring. Who has been speaking loudly about a new world order?

**Q:** (L) The United States?

**A:** Close. Elements of same.

**Q:** (L) "One of his heads seemed to have a deadly wound, but his death stroke was healed and the whole earth went after the beast in amazement and admiration..." What does it mean that one of his heads seemed to have a deadly wound?

**A:** Aliens.

**Q:** (L) The aliens will seem to be a deadly wound to the Beast?

**A:** Initially.

**Q:** (L) "But his death stroke was healed, and the whole earth went after the Beast with amazement and admiration..." What does this mean?

**A:** Initial fear gives way to worship and admiration.

**Q:** (L) "They fell down and gave homage to the dragon because he had bestowed on the beast all of his dominion and authority..." Who is this dragon?

**A:** World Body Politic.

**Q:** (L) And who is this Beast?

**A:** New World Order aka Brotherhood aka Lizzies aka antichrist.

**Q:** (L) "The Beast was given the power of speech uttering boastful and blasphemous words and was given freedom to exert his authority and exercise his will during 42 months..."

**A:** Timing is open. Power of speech is self explanatory in terms of audio and video media.

**Q:** (L) "And he opened his mouth to speak slanders against God blaspheming his name and his abode even vilifying those who live in heaven..." Does this mean that this group, this beast are going to...

**A:** Disseminate disinformation with respect to encouraging worship, loyalty and obedience to antichrist.

**Q:** (L) "He was further permitted to wage war on God's holy people and to overcome them and power was given him to extend his authority over every tribe and people and every tongue and nation..." Does this means trials and tribulations of those who refuse to submit?

**A:** No. See previous answer.

**Q:** (L) "And all the inhabitants of the earth will fall down in admiration... everyone whose name has not been recorded from the foundation of the world in the Book of Life of the Lamb that was slain in sacrifice from the foundation of the world..." What are "those whose names are recorded in the Book of Life... what is the Book of Life?

**A:** Supercomputer.

**Q:** (L) The Book of Life of the Lamb... everyone whose name has not been recorded... it is saying that the people who are going to worship the Beast are names that have not been recorded... does that mean that there is a supercomputer recording the names of those who do not worship the beast?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And who has this supercomputer?

**A:** Beast. All names will be recorded as being either obedient or disobedient.

**Q:** (L) Who is this "Lamb?"

**A:** Beast.

**Q:** (L) "If anyone is able to hear let him listen: whoever leads into captivity will himself go into captivity; if anyone slays with the sword, with the sword will he be slain... herein is the call for the patience and fidelity of the saints (God's people)... "Who are God's people?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) What does it mean: "Whoever leads into captivity will go into captivity?"

**A:** Follow the leader.

**Q:** (L) If they follow the leader they will become captive and if they fight with the leader they will be killed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) "Then I saw another Beast rising up out of the land; he had two horns like a lamb and he spoke like a dragon..." What does this signify?

**A:** Other faces of the same entity.

**Q:** (L) What does it mean that he had two horns like a lamb? A lamb doesn't have horns. Why does it say he has horns?

**A:** Confusion by contradiction.

**Q:** (L) And what does the lamb represent?

**A:** Same face of the Beast.

**Q:** (L) What does it mean he "spoke like a dragon"??

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) "He exerts all the power and right of control as the former beast in his presence and causes the earth and those who dwell upon it to exalt and deify the beast whose deadly wound was healed and worship him..." Well, it seems to say that there is a second beast that is different from the first beast but you are saying that it is just another face of the beast...

**A:** Yes. Look at it this way, aliens one face; God another; government another et cetera.

**Q:** (L) Did you mean to say that God was another face of the beast?

**A:** As represented by religion.

**Q:** (L) "He performs great signs, startling miracles, even making fire fall from the sky to the earth in men's sight.." What does that mean?

**A:** Aliens perform "miracles".

**Q:** (L) And what is the "image" of the Beast?

**A:** Aliens.

**Q:** (L) What does it mean to have been wounded by the sword and still live?

**A:** Perceived as scary then Godlike.

**Q:** (L) "And he was permitted to impart the breath of life into the Beast's image so that the statue of the beast could actually talk and to cause all to be put to death that would not bow down and worship the image of the beast." What does this mean?

**A:** Total control once deception is complete.

**Q:** (L) "Compels all alike, both small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to be marked with an inscription on their right hand or on their foreheads...." What is this inscription?

**A:** Visa ID number.

**Q:** (L) Is this going to be actually physically put on our bodies?

**A:** Encoded.

**Q:** (L) How? Is that what the aliens do when they abduct people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How is it going to be done?

**A:** Stamped.

**Q:** (L) By what technical means?

**A:** Electronic encoding. A series of numbers.

**Q:** (L) Are they going to put these on our skins or imbed them in the skin on our heads or hand...?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that you will have to place your hand on an electronic scanner in order to conduct any type of monetary transaction?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it says: "Here is room for discernment, a call for the wisdom of interpretation, let him who has intelligence, penetration, insight enough calculate the number of the Beast, for it is a human number, the number of a certain man, his number is 666. What does this mean?

**A:** Visa as explained previously. Everyone will get their own number and it will be a Visa number, the number of the Beast.

**Q:** (L) "Then I looked and Lo! the lamb stood on Mount Zion and with him 144,000 men who had his name and his father's name inscribed on their foreheads..." What does that mean?

**A:** ID. The Lamb is the Leadership council of the world bank. Many will think they are taking the "mark" of God when actually being marked by the Beast.

**Q:** (L) "And I heard a voice from Heaven like the sound of great waters and like the rumbling of might thunder and the voice I heard seemed like the music of harpists accompanying themselves on their harps..." What is this voice from heaven and the sound like great waters and mighty thunder?

**A:** The return of Christ.

**Q:** (L) "And they sing a new song... No one could learn to sing that song except the 144,000 who had been ransomed from the earth... you said the 144,000 are the leaders of the world bank and here it says they have been ransomed from the earth at the coming of Christ... it says the 144,000 have not defiled themselves by relations with women for they are pure as virgins. These are they who follow the Lamb wherever he goes...they have been ransomed..."

**A:** Symbolism added later and this is not entirely accurate point. The symbols have been mixed. Tends to encourage elitism and divisiveness.

**Q:** (L) Are the 144,000 good guys or bad guys as we would term them?

**A:** Both. But they are ones who have supreme knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Are these human beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) There will be 144,000 people on the earth who have supreme knowledge?

**A:** Approximately.

**Q:** (L) Now, this 144,000, are we among that number? Just curious.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) "No lie was found to be upon their lips for they are blameless, spotless, untainted without blemish. And I saw another angel flying in midair with an eternal gospel to tell to the inhabitants of the earth, every race and tribe and people, and he cried with a mighty voice: Revere God and give him glory, for the hour of his judgment has arrived, fall down before him, pay him homage and adoration and worship him who created heaven and earth and the sea and the springs of water..." What does this tell us?

**A:** Added later by questionable source.

**Q:** (L) "Then a second angel followed declaring: Fallen, fallen is Babylon the Great, she who made all nations drink of the wine of her passionate unchastity..." Who is Babylon and what does it mean she has fallen?

**A:** Same as previous answer.

**Q:** (L) "Another angel followed, a third, saying with a mighty voice saying whoever pays homage to the beast and permits his stamp to be put on his forehead or on his hand he too shall have to drink of the wine of God's indignation and wrath poured undiluted into the cup of his anger, and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels and in the presence of the lamb..."

**A:** Disinformation. Intended to create fear and resistance so that the aliens can feed off of these emotions.

**Q:** (L) "Again I looked and lo! I saw a white cloud and sitting on the cloud one resembling a son of man with a crown of gold on his head and a sharp scythe in his hand..." Is that further additions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) "Another angel came out of the temple saying with a mighty voice to the one sitting on the cloud: put in your scythe and reap for the hour has arrived to gather the harvest for the earth's crop is fully ripened..."

**A:** More fear based disinformation.

**Q:** (L) Now, I have compared certain passages of Revelations to the work of Immanuel Velikovsky, were those sections accurate in what they describe?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And those are events that will transpire after the Lizzies have done their thing, after the Visa is in place, and before or after Christ returns?

**A:** Before.

**Q:** (L) So the cluster of comets is going to come before the return of Christ??

**A:** Yes. But return is just one event not the whole thing.

**Q:** (L) Is there going to be massive disruption on the planet and maybe a lot of people transitioning out of the body simultaneously because of the interaction of this cluster of comets and the earth.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And, shortly following this event, Christ will return?

**A:** As part of the whole.

**Q:** (L) That is going to be part of the cluster of comets activity?

**A:** After.

**Q:** (L) What is Christ going to do after he returns?

**A:** Teach.

**Q:** (L) How many people are going to be on the planet to receive this teaching?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) May we assume there will be six billion?

**A:** Assume as you please.

**Q:** (L) You keep saying that the return of Christ is a part of the whole as though there is some important thing that I am missing the question to discover. Consider that question asked... tell me what it is I am missing, please.

**A:** Obvious if you have been paying attention.

**Q:** (L) And that is...?

**A:** The transition to 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Is the transition to 4th density going to happen before the comets or after?

**A:** After.

**Q:** (L) Is the interaction of the comets and the planet earth going to....

**A:** Precede the transition.

**Q:** (L) Is it going to generate this change in some way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It's not going to have anything to do with electromagnetic interactions which would heighten the atomic vibrations of the planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, the comets are going to make a mess of things and then the transition is going to come as Christ comes?

**A:** Before.

**Q:** (L) The transition will happen and we will all be standing around glazed in the eyes or whatever, wondering what to do with ourselves, because we are finding ourselves in a new estate we have not been in before, and then Christ comes?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) Now, what is going to happen after Christ comes back and everything is sort of straightening out and he is teaching... is everybody on the planet going to be gathered together in one place to receive these teachings?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to travel around and teach?

**A:** Technology.

**Q:** (L) He will teach via the media?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And we are still going to have access to our media, television and radio and so forth?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Are some people at that point in time or just prior to this transition, going to leave in large groups with the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there going to be large groups of people moving into domed cities on the planet living in "cahoots" with the Lizzies?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) In other words there may be areas of Lizzie control on the planet and areas under the control of Christ?

**A:** Christ does not control.

**Q:** (L) Will the Lizzie people come out of their cities from time to time and "molest" the followers of Christ from time to time?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, we will have a greatly reduced population, people here and people there, none of whom are totally united on the planet?

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

