## November 2, 1994
Frank, Laura and V\_\_\_

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) What is your name please.

**A:** Fori.

**Q:** (L) Why was Frank in such a state last night?

**A:** Because his life is difficult.

**Q:** (L) What is making his life difficult?

**A:** Destiny.

**Q:** (L) Is it his destiny for his entire life to be difficult?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is that choice up to him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well then, why is it open?

**A:** Will dark or light forces win?

**Q:** (L) Win what?

**A:** Battle.

**Q:** (L) Battle where?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought you said that the forces of light were definitely going to win? Is that not correct?

**A:** Too simplified.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything Frank can do in this battle to assist getting over this problem?

**A:** Fight.

**Q:** (L) Why does V\_\_'s friend T\_\_ snipe at her the way she does?

**A:** Jealousy.

**Q:** (L) So should she just keep all this information to herself?

**A:** Up to her. All will be okay. We feel important matters need discussion from here forward please.

**Q:** (L) Could you define important matters for us?

**A:** Of importance to all.

**Q:** (L) Who or what group is responsible for crop circles?

**A:** Us. You bet.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of the crop circles?

**A:** Messages to world. All.

**Q:** (L) Do these crop circles mean an idea, an energy, a concept; how do they transmit messages?

**A:** Translate; it can be done.

**Q:** (L) This one here, what does it mean?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean the human race?

**A:** Yes. Symbol for human race.

**Q:** (L) What does this one mean?

**A:** Planet.

**Q:** (L) What was the meaning of the circle my husband found in his driveway?

**A:** Mars.

**Q:** (L) What message did that convey?

**A:** Astrological.

**Q:** (L) Did it convey any message other than astrological?

**A:** What does Mars represent?

**Q:** (L) War... anger, energy, struggle, assertiveness, sex, life...

**A:** First four.

**Q:** (L) Now, what does this circle represent?

**A:** Interdimensionality.

**Q:** (L) This one here, what does it represent?

**A:** Atomic structure.

**Q:** (L) This squiggly one, what does it mean?

**A:** Struggle.

**Q:** (L) In what way?

**A:** Learning from change and adversity.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is all the pictures I have...

**A:** Need more soon.

**Q:** (L) In the Library?

**A:** Maybe. This is of the utmost importance.

**Q:** (L) Is this going to help with the "forum?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who carved the stone heads on Easter Island?

**A:** Lemurian descendants.

**Q:** (L) The natives say the stones walked into position. Is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, how?

**A:** Tonal vibration.

**Q:** (L) And what did these stones represent?

**A:** Nephalim.

**Q:** (L) Is this what the Nephilim looked like?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that the Nephilim were present in Lemuria?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Where was Lemuria located?

**A:** Pacific off South America.

**Q:** (L) So when the Easter Island natives talk about their ancestors they are talking about people who came from the direction of South America?

**A:** No. Right near all around. Easter Island is remnant of Lemuria.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Lemuria?

**A:** Submerged close to time you refer to as Fall of Eden, approximately.

**Q:** (L) Well if the Nephilim were brought here 9 to 12 thousand years ago...

**A:** Last visit. Have been here 5 times. Will return.

**Q:** (L) The Nephilim are going to return? Where do the Nephilim currently live?

**A:** Orion.

**Q:** (L) They live in the constellation Orion? Where is their planet?

**A:** Don't have one. In transit.

**Q:** (L) The whole dadgum bunch is in transit?

**A:** Three vehicles.

**Q:** (L) How many Nephilim does each vehicle hold?

**A:** About 12 million.

**Q:** (L) Are they coming to help us?

**A:** No. Wave comet cluster all using same energy.

**Q:** (L) Using same energy to what?

**A:** Pass through space\\time.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that without this comet cluster they cannot pass through space/time?

**A:** No. Slower. message follows here. Quiet for one moment please: From now on when word to follow is in quotes we will designate as follows: mark then word then mark. Now, "slower."

{We installed quote marks on the board after this. From this point on, when words in the Cassiopaean responses are in quotes, it is because they have so designated.}

**Q:** (L) So, it is slower for them to come here without this wave. Where is the wave coming from?

**A:** Follows cluster.

**Q:** (L) It follows the cluster. What does this wave consist of?

**A:** Realm border.

**Q:** (L) Does the realm border wave follow the comet cluster in a permanent way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the realm border loosely associated with the comet cluster each time it comes?

**A:** No. Realm border follows all encompassing energy reality change; realm border will follow this cluster passage and has others but not most.

**Q:** (L) Is this realm border a dimensional boundary?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, this realm border, do dimensions...

**A:** Pulsating realms. Fluctuating realms.

**Q:** (L) Is our realm fluctuating or pulsating?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) But this other realm does?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What fluctuates?

**A:** Residence.

**Q:** (L) Whatever is in that realm fluctuates?

**A:** No. Your planet fluctuates between realms.

**Q:** (L) How often does this fluctuation occur?

**A:** About every 309,000 years.

**Q:** (L) In other words we can expect to be in 4th density for about 300,000 years?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that the Edenic state existed for about 300.000 years before the "Fall?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, you say these Nephilim are coming and there is about 36 million of them, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And they are the enforcers of the Grays and Lizzies, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, let's sit back and watch the show! You are saying that the planet fluctuates...

**A:** No, realms do planet merely occupies realm.

**Q:** (L) What is the source in space/time of this other realm?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) What is the generative source?

**A:** Part of grand cycle.

**Q:** (L) Is this the cycle understood by the Mayans?

**A:** They understood partially.

**Q:** (L) Their calendar extends to 2012... is that accurate as to the time of the realm border change?

**A:** Close. Still indefinite as you measure time. Lizzies hoping to rule you in 4th density. Closer to 18 years.

**Q:** (V) Is E\_\_ {teenage son}home in bed?

**A:** Yes. and No.

**Q:** (V) He is at home but not in bed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Was he out earlier?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is this the same individual as before?

**A:** Yes. E\_\_ going through many changes.

**Q:** (V) Is he asleep?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Should I call him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the present arrangement better? [We had switched seats.]

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Better before?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was better?

**A:** You and Frank switch places.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Energy vortex.

**Q:** (L) If the Nephilim are coming 36 million strong as enforcers for the Lizzies, does the Confederation have a like amount for defense?

**A:** We don't operate that way.

**Q:** (L) Are we just going to have to fight them off ourselves?

**A:** Think of The Wizard of Oz. It was inspired by us.

**Q:** (L) Does the witch represent the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, is there something we have or can do...

**A:** Glenda like us.

**Q:** (L) And who is the Wizard? Is that the Beast or the U.S. Govt?

**A:** Close. Illuminati.

**Q:** (L) Are the monkeys the Nephilim.

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) If water destroyed the witch, and the witch represents the Lizzies, can we destroy the Lizzies?

**A:** Knowledge.

**Q:** (L) But there are only a few on the planet who have the knowledge, am I correct?

**A:** What do you mean? Against all when all when time comes.

**Q:** (L) So the 36 million will be against all on the planet when the time comes?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) And those who have the knowledge and can dispense it to others ...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Have you inspired other movies we could watch?

**A:** We have but different meanings and subjects.

**Q:** (V) Is cocoon one of yours?

**A:** No. Hollywood.

**Q:** (L) Who were the original inhabitants of the city of Jericho?

**A:** Aramaic.

**Q:** (L) There was a stone tower at one of the lower levels, what was it built for?

**A:** Energy disbursement. Attempt to duplicate tower of Babel and Atlantean crystal towers.

**Q:** (L) Who carved the crystal skull found in Central America?

**A:** Mayans.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose of that skull?

**A:** Study brain. Long message follows pause: Now: skull was to learn about soul; reflective remolecularization imaging. Grays do this with abductees.

**Q:** (L) Through what kind of instrument.

**A:** Energy focusing.

**Q:** (L) What is behind their eyes?

**A:** Camera like system.

**Q:** (L) Is that system also able to send signals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) At what spectrum level?

**A:** Thought paralysis.

**Q:** (L) Do they implant thoughts with their eyes also?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) What do they do with implants?

**A:** Monitor.

**Q:** (L) Do they monitor our thoughts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do they monitor what we see?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Hear and feel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do the implants just monitor?

**A:** And control.

**Q:** (L) Do all of us have implants?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are we under the control of the Grays?

**A:** Attempt.

**Q:** (V) How many times have I been abducted?

**A:** 55

**Q:** (L) Laura

**A:** 12

**A:** A\_\_: None.

**Q:** (L) J\_\_: Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can I protect them from abduction?

**A:** Maybe. Tried A\_\_.

**Q:** (L) What stopped it?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (V) When was I last abducted?

**A:** June.

**Q:** (V) Was that when I was perceiving being attacked...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) When I called on the hand of God did that help?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who carved friezes in French caves as well as the cave paintings?

**A:** People. Aryans. In caves because struggling to survive conflicts between many forces including Lizard being domination.

**Q:** (L) Why did the Egyptians draw sideways?

**A:** Atlantean method handed down. Simply artistic stylization.

**Q:** (L) What about the passages in the pyramid. Why so odd?

**A:** Used energy vortex for movement. Floated, levitated. Can still do this if you know how. In the pyramid the passages created the energy by their placement and relationship to other space/solid configurations. And passages sometimes changed their structure atomically and still do.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of the Sarcophagus in the "Kings" chamber?

**A:** Energy storage.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever anything in this object?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What?

**A:** Many things.

**Q:** (L) So, there was nothing permanent in it, you could put various things in it for various reasons?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In our machinery we generally have dials and tuners which can adjust the machine to do a specific job or deliver a particular amount or flow of energy. What was the equivalent of dials and tuning devices in the pyramid?

**A:** Thoughts.

**Q:** (L) Was it the thoughts of a person in there or of a specific individual whose job it was to do this "thinking?"

**A:** Both on occasion.

**Q:** (L) Could just anybody go into the pyramid, get into this sarcophagus, and have something done to them as they specified? Or, was it the culmination of some other long process?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) When you say that the passages changed atomically, did you mean that they might actually become larger or smaller?

**A:** Yes. And change position as well.

**Q:** (L) Is the theory of Petrie anywhere near correct?

**A:** In 1967 the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did study. Look it up.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever at any point in time such a thing as a unicorn as is described in legends?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is source of this legend?

**A:** Atlantis beast was similar to unicorn. All died in cataclysm. Looked similar to horse and some had horn but not all.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the Sanskrit language?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** (L) When the Aryans were brought here, were they brought to Atlantis?

**A:** No. The Aryans were different from the Atlanteans.

**Q:** (L) Is there any language in existence today that is descended from the Aryan language? Or, that has remained more similar in development from Indo-European?

**A:** Yes. All Germanic.

**Q:** (L) Is Celtic considered to be one of these?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of the Minoan civilization?

**A:** Atlantean descendants.

**Q:** (L) What was "bull leaping?"

**A:** A test, a sport, a religious rite.

**Q:** (L) When Thera blew, it seems to have destroyed all the Minoan cities except for Knossos.

**A:** Thera was result of close passage by Maldek. Knossos was not destroyed because structures were fundamentally stronger and blast wave was perpendicular. Underground shelters saved a few of the people.

**Q:** (L) Knossos lasted for about another 75 years after the events which destroyed most of the Minoan civilization. What were the events which brought about the final downfall of the Minoans?

**A:** Meteor borne parasites. Meteor destroyed city.

**Q:** (L) The Mycenaeans built a city with a 50 foot thick wall. Why was this wall built so if the only dangers were warriors armed with spears and arrows?

**A:** Protected against frequent cataclysmic events during that period. It worked. Much of wall is still standing.

**Q:** (L) Now, when you talk about the comet cluster, as you have on many occasions, the technical definition of a comet is that it is a chunk of ice. Is this the case with the comets in this cluster?

**A:** And other substances, primarily iridium cores.

**Q:** (L) Now you say there are 36 million Nephilim heading this way, are they 4th density beings?

**A:** No. They live in 4 d but are 3 d. They are as physical as you. Behave like gestapo. Gestapo was inspired by Nephilim through Lizard beings' influence over Hitler. It was a practice run.

**Q:** (L) Are any of the Nephilim going to be friendly toward us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Now, you said that the Nephilim were seeded on a planet called D'Ankhiar as were human beings. When you said we were seeded there, what did you mean.

**A:** Was proper environment for molecularization.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the physical bodies on planet earth, the various types of mankind such as Neanderthal, Cro-Magnon, Australopithicus etc., were generated on that other planet and then brought here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I am assuming that if the Nephilim are 3 d that they die like we do. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, we can shoot them and they will die?

**A:** Correct. But wrong approach.

**Q:** (L) What is the right approach?

**A:** Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (L) Well, if a 15 foot tall guy comes at me and wants to knock me around, what is knowledge going to do to protect me?

**A:** You will be in 4th density.

**Q:** (L) So, before they get here we will be 4 d?

**A:** Crossing.

**Q:** (L) All three of us?

**A:** Yes, and many others.

**Q:** (L) So, we are not going to have to deal with the Nephilim?

**A:** Not correct.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that there will be 3 and 4 d beings on the planet at the same time and that some will have to deal with these guys and some won't?

**A:** But you will have to too.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand. Are these Nephilim coming here to transition to 4 d also?

**A:** They already live there as 3 density beings. Demonstration: When you are abducted you are 3rd density but you are taken into 4th density.

**Q:** (V) In June I had a dream where I was taken up and there were light beings and I was also a light being; I was trying on different clothes. I was led into a room where I was told I could write there and when I was told it was time to leave, I had shoes on that had written on them "Earth Star". Was this an abduction?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Talk about illusions, I thought that was a good thing! Was this a bad thing?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (V) Who were the abductors?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (V) When I woke up I felt so tall and so electric. I thought it had been the best thing... that was my abduction in June?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) We would like to know about this plane crash. Early report from a witness said that there were no bodies. Is that the case?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are the bodies?

**A:** Scattered.

**Q:** (L) What caused the crash?

**A:** Just like USAir. Was Lizard attack. Will be covered up.

**Q:** (V) The night before the USAir crash several of us had headaches and woke up drained.

**A:** Precognition and soul transfer of energy.

END OF SESSION

