## October 22, 1994
Direct channeling with Frank under hypnosis. Present: Laura, Terry, Jan

This was an experimental session undertaken because Frank kept insisting on trying it this way. The information seems to be very good, and I've noted elsewhere that Frank was an extremely talented psychic who could look at your palm, tune into you in some way, and pull out all kinds of astonishingly accurate things – not because they came to him from some outside source, but because he extracted it in some way from the individual he was "channeling for." This session seems to be just an enhanced version of that type of thing – that I was there with the questions and he was somehow extracting this information THROUGH me. So, as I said, the info seems to be good - though most of it is unverifiable - which I understood as a tactic of negative entities: give you good info so you get hooked, and then slowly twist and transform the messages. We could already see this process in this session. One other thing I can say is that you had to be there to understand why nobody else present liked it. It was a certain "taste" of the tone and attitude of Frank that was extremely unpleasant. We all felt somewhat invaded. Also, notice the verbosity. We all had the feeling that if this was continued, the end result would be word-salad.

**Q:** (L) Who is with us?

**A:** Enduanda and Alorra

{That two "energy sources" are named is interesting.}

**Q:** (L) What is the significance of the earthquake that occurred a few months ago that was called the superdeep earthquake that was 400 miles deep?

**A:** A magma shift caused by gradual heating from within. Just part of a periodic cycle.

**Q:** (L) Any other comments on that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) We would like to have comments on the thumping noises reportedly heard off the coast of California?

**A:** Expansion of a base.

**Q:** (L) What kind of base?

**A:** It's a transfer center for those beings known as the Grays.

**Q:** (L) And what was the thumping?

**A:** They are expanding it.

**Q:** (L) Is it construction work?

**A:** Yes except that they are using sound waves to disintegrate rock in the crust under the ocean. This disintegration causes the atomic structure of the particles being disintegrated to completely disappear which has something to do with why those sounds are heard in that particular rhythm.

**Q:** (L) Any other comments?

**A:** There is some awareness on the part of the U.S. government as to what is going on there. They are suspicious.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of knowledge accessed by Edgar Cayce?

**A:** Well, he had a unique biochemical composition which allowed for easy opening and closing of his consciousness from outside sources without interference with his electromagnetic flow stream. It is a very unique and unusual situation. The first manifestation of this was when he asked for help. If he had not asked for help from a higher source, possibly his awareness of his abilities would never have come forth.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of Lama Singh's knowledge?

**A:** Lama Singh has studied long and hard in metaphysical fields through meditation and other areas and therefore a doorway or channel can be opened voluntarily. This requires the cooperation of the host and is not as easily opened or closed as it was in the case of Cayce.

**Q:** (L) In terms of access levels, which one of the two had access to the greatest field of subjects or information?

**A:** Actually Cayce was accessing a somewhat different source, but the overall accuracy level and the overall intensity level were greater with Cayce.

**Q:** (L) In terms of relationships relative to the Cassiopaean level of knowledge, how would Cayce and Lama Singh relate?

**A:** The access level is much greater and broader.

**Q:** (L) When and how did planet earth acquire its moon?

**A:** Was caused by the regular passage of a large comet cluster which caused a gravitational disruption allowing a large chunk of the original earth's surface, which was somewhat less solid at that point in space/time, to break away from the main body and assume a locked in orbit around the main body.

**Q:** (L) When did this happen?

**A:** This occurred approximately 3 billion years ago.

**Q:** (L) Can a spiritual being become entrapped in physical matter?

**A:** It's possible but very unlikely.

**Q:** (L) Are human beings entrapped in physical matter?

**A:** By choice.

**Q:** (L) Why did they make this choice?

**A:** To experience physical sensations. It was a group mind decision.

**Q:** (L) Who was in charge of the group?

**A:** The group.

**Q:** (L) Does the interaction between the spirit/soul and the body physical produce some by-product that is desirable to other beings?

**A:** Well, all things have desirable consequences as well as undesirable consequences, but it must also be mentioned here that everything that exists in all realms of the universe can experience existence in one of only two ways. That would be defined as a long wave cycle and a short wave cycle. Going back to your previous question about why humans are "entrapped" in physical existence, which, of course, is voluntary and chosen, this was due to the desire to change from the long wave cycle experience of completely what you would call ethereal or spiritual existence, to the short wave cycle of what you call physical existence. The difference is that a long wave cycle involves only very gradual change in evolution in a cyclical manner. Whereas a short wave cycle involves a duality. And this is the case with souls in physical bodies as is experienced on this earth plane because the soul experiences an ethereal state for half the cycle and a physical state for the other half of the cycle. While these halves are not measured in time the way you measure time, the totality of experience is equal in each half. The necessity to form the short wave cycle was brought about through nature through the natural bounds of the universe when the group mind of souls chose to experience physicality as opposed to a completely ethereal existence.

**Q:** (L) Does this interaction produce a by-product?

**A:** It produces equal by-products of a positive and negative nature.

**Q:** (L) And what are these by-products?

**A:** Which one first?

**Q:** (L) Positive.

**A:** Positive by-product is an increase in relative energy which speeds up the learning process of the soul and all of it's one dimensional and two dimensional interactive partners. In other words, flora and fauna, minerals, etc. All experience growth and movement towards reunion at a faster rate on the cycle through this short wave cycle physical/ethereal transfer. Of a negative nature, it also produces many negative experiences for these very same entities which otherwise would not exist because being of a first level and second level nature, flora and fauna would ordinarily experience a long term or long wave cycle on the physical plane as opposed to a short wave cycle physical and ethereal, as they do now because of their interaction with the human species in its short wave ethereal/physical cycle.

**Q:** (L) The comment was made at one point that certain alien beings abduct humans and subject them to cruel and torturous deaths in order to create "maximum energy transfer." In this respect, what is this maximum energy transfer that occurs during a long, slow, torturous dying process?

**A:** Extreme fear and anxiety builds up fear/anxiety energy which is of a negative nature which fuels the beings that you speak of in that they draw from that and produce a sort of a fueling energy which keeps them going as one of their forms of nourishment based on their metabolic structure.

**Q:** (L) What is their metabolic structure?

**A:** That is very complex and very difficult to describe because it is on the fourth level of density which you do not understand. But, part of their reason for existence on the fourth level is their ability to nourish themselves both through ethereal methods and through physical methods. Therefore, this energy transfer would represent the ethereal method of nourishment and other means are achieved physically.

**Q:** (L) What other means?

**A:** Well, the drinking of blood and blood by-products would be an example of that.

**Q:** (L) Do they do that?

**A:** Yes, but the manner of intake is different than what you may be thinking. It is done through pores.

**Q:** (L) In what manner?

**A:** Bathing and then absorbing the necessary products and then disposing of the remaining product.

**Q:** (L) Did Arthur Clarke channel "Childhood's End"?

**A:** No. Used imagination.

**Q:** (L) Is the amnesia related to UFO abductions deliberately induced or is it a product of the mind's inability to deal with the event?

**A:** It is an equal commingling of both.

**Q:** (L) The part that is deliberately induced, how is that accomplished?

**A:** By using a cosmic energy flow to influence memory function through a combination of spiritual and chemical interaction.

**Q:** (L) Can you be more specific?

**A:** Being more specific would be in another way less specific, but a good way to put it is altering the flow of electromagnetic energy in the brain. Electromagnetic energy, electromagnetism, is the life force that exists within all that evolves through long wave or short wave cycles.

**Q:** (L) Going back to the beings that absorb nutrients through their pores, what kind of beings are they?

**A:** Both those that you describe as the Lizard Beings and those you describe as the Grays. This is necessary for their survival in each case. Even though the Grays are not natural parts of the short wave cycle, but rather an artificial creation by the Lizard Beings, but nevertheless they mimic the nourishment functions.

**Q:** (L) Since they are artificially created by the Lizard beings, does this mean they have no souls?

**A:** That's correct.

**Q:** (L) How do they function? Are they like robots?

**A:** They function by interaction with the souls of the Lizard beings. This technology is extremely far in advance of that with which you are familiar, but the Gray beings are not only built and designed artificially, but also function as a projection mentally and psychically of the Lizard beings. They are like four dimensional probes.

**Q:** (L) As four dimensional probes, what are their capabilities?

**A:** They have all the same capabilities of the Lizard beings except for the fact that their physical appearance is entirely different and they do not have souls of their own and also their biological structure is internally different. But, their functioning is the same and in order to remain as projection beings they also must absorb nutrients in the same fashion both spiritually and physically as the Lizard beings do. The reason the negative energy is necessary fuel is that the Lizard beings and the Grays are both living in the fourth level of density, which is the highest level of density one can exist in serving only self as these entities do. So, therefore, they must absorb negative energy because the fourth level of density is the highest example of self service which is a negative thought pattern. The fourth level of density is a progression from the third level of density. With each progression upward in density level, the existence for the individual conscious entity becomes less difficult. So, therefore, the fourth level of density is less difficult to exist in that the third, the third is less difficult than the second and so on. It puts less strain on the soul energy. Therefore, beings existing on the fourth level of density can draw from beings existing on the third level of density in terms of absorption of negative soul energy. Likewise, beings on the third level of density can draw from beings on the second level of density, though this type of drawing is not as necessary but is done. This is why human beings existing on the third level frequently cause pain and suffering to those of the animal kingdom who exist on the second level of density because you are drawing negative soul energy as beings who primarily serve self, as you do, from those on the second level, and on the first, and so on. Now, as you advance to the fourth level of density which is coming up for you, you must now make a choice as to whether to progress to service to others or to remain at the level of service to self. This will be the decision which will take quite some time for you to adjust to. This is what is referred to as the "thousand year period." This is the period as measured in your calendar terms that will determine whether or not you will advance to service to others or remain at the level of service to self. And those who are described as the Lizards have chosen to firmly lock themselves into service to self. And, since they are at the highest level of density where this is possible, they must continually draw large amounts of negative energy from those at the third level, second level, and so on, which is why they do what they do. This also explains why their race is dying, because they have not been able to learn for themselves how to remove themselves from this particular form of expression to that of service to others. And, since they have such, as you would measure it, a long period of time, remained at this level and, in fact, become firmly entrenched in it, and, in fact, have increased themselves in it, this is why they are dying and desperately trying to take as much energy from you as possible and also to recreate their race metabolically.

**Q:** (L) Well, if we are sources of food and labor for them, why don't they just breed us in pens on their own planet?

**A:** They do.

**Q:** (L) Well, since there is so many of us here, why don't they just move in and take over?

**A:** That is their intention. That has been their intention for quite some time. They have been traveling back and forth through time as you know it, to set things up so that they can absorb a maximum amount of negative energy with the transference from third level to fourth level that this planet is going to experience, in the hopes that they can overtake you on the fourth level and thereby accomplish several things. 1: retaining their race as a viable species; 2: increasing their numbers; 3: increasing their power; 4: expanding their race throughout the realm of fourth density. To do all of this they have been interfering with events for what you would measure on your calendar as approximately 74 thousand years. And they have been doing so in a completely still state of space time traveling backward and forward at will during this work. Interestingly enough, though, all of this will fail.

**Q:** (L) How can you be so sure it will fail?

**A:** Because we see it. We are able to see all, not just what we want to see. Their failing is that they see only what they want to see. In other words, it's the highest manifestation possible of that which you would refer to as wishful thinking. And, wishful thinking represented on the fourth level of density becomes reality for that level. You know how you wishfully think? Well, it isn't quite reality for you because you are on the third level, but if you are on the fourth level and you were to perform the same function, it would indeed be your awareness of reality. Therefore they cannot see what we can see since we serve others as opposed to self, and since we are on sixth level, we can see all that is at all points as is, not as we would want it to be.

**Q:** (L) Zecharia Sitchin proposes that the pyramid was built as a permanent marking system to navigate the solar system, could you comment on that idea?

**A:** That is incorrect. The pyramids were built as energy storage and transference facilities. They were built by the descendants of those known to you as the Atlanteans who are, of course, your ancestors in soul matters. They were not built to be markers for anything.

**Q:** (L) Did any aliens at all, and specifically the Lizzies, ever live among mankind and receive worship?

**A:** They did not live among mankind, but they did interact directly with human beings, at various points in the past. It was at those points when human beings were ready, willing and able to accept deities appearing directly from outside sources and then worship them. Such things would not have occurred in the recent past. But, beware, it may very well occur very soon.

**Q:** (L) Who made the Nazca lines in South America and what was their purpose?

**A:** Those were natives living in the area at the particular time who were highly advanced spiritually and they put those lines there to call to others that were coming from what they perceived to be an outer space location.

**Q:** (L) Were they symbols of power in any way?

**A:** Well, some may have perceived them as such but they were mainly an effort to call forth those who had been worshipped and had appeared to them previously from the outside including not only the Lizard Beings, but other travelers.

**Q:** (L) Who built the city of Angkor Wat?

**A:** That was built by the Lizard Beings themselves. Built approximately 3108 years ago.

**Q:** (L) Who built the city of Mohenjo Daro?

**A:** That also was built by the Lizard Beings directly.

**Q:** (L) Did they live in these cities?

**A:** No, as stated before, they did not live there, they visited or occupied on a temporary basis, but did not live there.

**Q:** (L) Who did they build the cities for?

**A:** They built the cities for themselves and their worshippers amongst humans.

**Q:** (L) In an earlier reading, the question was asked as to what planet you are from, and the response was Corsoca. The question was then asked: "Can you be more specific?" and the answer was 2 dilor. Is this an incorrect spelling or what does this mean?

**A:** That which you refer to as Corsoca is actually not what you would refer to as a planet in your understanding, because you must understand it is at the sixth level of density which is completely out of reach of any of your senses except for the sixth one, therefore you do not have any concept of the level of being at that density. So, the term "planet" simply cannot apply here. But, that is, indeed, our residence. But it is best left at that because to try to explain to you what exactly it is like there would not be possible for you to imagine.

**Q:** (L) Alright. You mentioned in this earlier reading something about a "Denver Airport Scandal". Recently it has come to my attention that this is a possible development. Is this scandal going to develop into a far worse situation and, if so, what are the ramifications?

**A:** Yes, that will be an ongoing problem, to say the least.

**Q:** (L) Are there any rituals that can be performed to provide protection for one against intrusion by the Lizzies.

**A:** Rituals are self-defeating.

**Q:** (L) Are there any technological means we can use?

**A:** The only defense needed is knowledge. Knowledge defends you against every possible form of harm in existence. The more knowledge you have, the less fear you have, the less pain you have, the less stress you feel, the less anguish you feel, and the less danger you experience of any form or sort. Think of this very carefully now for this is very important: Where is there any limitation in the concept behind the word "knowledge"? Being that there is no limitation, what is the value of that word? Infinite. Can you conceive of how that one concept, that one meaning frees you from all limitation? Use your sixth sense to conceive of how the word, the term, the meaning of knowledge can provide with all that you could possibly ever need. If you think carefully you will begin to see glimpses of how this is true in its greatest possible form.

**Q:** (L) Does this include knowledge learned from books?

**A:** This includes all possible meanings of the concept of the word. Can you think of how it would be that simply with one term, this one word can carry so much meaning? We sense that you are not completely aware. You can have glimpses of illumination and illumination comes from knowledge. If you strive perpetually to gain and gather knowledge, you provide yourself with protection from every possible negative occurrence that could ever happen. Do you know why this is? The more knowledge you have, the more awareness you have as to how to protect yourself. Eventually this awareness becomes so powerful and so all encompassing that you do not even have to perform tasks or rituals, if you prefer, to protect yourself. The protection simply comes naturally with the awareness.

**Q:** (L) Does knowledge have a substance or an existence apart from its possession or its acceptance?

**A:** Knowledge has all substance. It goes to the core of all existence.

**Q:** (L) So acquiring knowledge includes adding substance to one's being?

**A:** Indeed. It includes adding everything to one's being that is desirable. And also, when you keep invoking the light, as you do, truly understand that the light is knowledge. That is the knowledge which is at the core of all existence. And being at the core of all existence it provides protection from every form of negativity in existence. Light is everything and everything is knowledge and knowledge is everything. You are doing extremely well in acquiring of knowledge. Now all you need is the faith and realization that acquiring of knowledge is all you need.

**Q:** (L) I just want to be sure that the source that I am acquiring the knowledge from is not a deceptive source.

**A:** If you simply have faith, no knowledge that you could possibly acquire could possibly be false because there is no such thing. Anyone or anything that tries to give you false knowledge, false information, will fail. The very material substance that the knowledge takes on, since it is at the root of all existence, will protect you from absorption of false information which is not knowledge. There is no need to fear the absorption of false information when you are simply openly seeking to acquire knowledge. And knowledge forms the protection -- all the protection you could ever need.

**Q:** (L) There are an awful lot of people who are being open and trusting and having faith who are getting zapped and knocked on their rears.

**A:** No. That is simply your perception. What you are failing to perceive is that these people are not really gathering knowledge. These people are stuck at some point in their pathway to progress and they are undergoing a hidden manifestation of what is referred to in your terms as obsession. Obsession is not knowledge, obsession is stagnation. So, when one becomes obsessed, one actually closes off the absorption and the growth and the progress of soul development which comes with the gaining of true knowledge. For when one becomes obsessed one deteriorates the protection therefore one is open to problems, to tragedies, to all sorts of difficulties. Therefore one experiences same.

**Q:** (L) While we are on the subject of knowledge and experiencing things that may or may not be pleasant, I would like to ask for Frank what it is he needs to learn?

**A:** He is moving in the right direction at the present time even though he is not completely aware of that fact. He can appear to be under more stress than he actually is and also he has an extreme store of innate information which is one reason why we are able to work through him because we opened those channels a long time ago. Interestingly enough, though you are not aware of it, your own existence has been influenced by this very same factor.

**Q:** (L) Which factor?

**A:** The natural progression being experienced by the one you know as Frank.

**Q:** (L) In what respect?

**A:** You are being driven and you are driving yourself in the right direction because of your interaction with this individual even though you are not completely aware of that fact, that is, in fact, what is happening.

**Q:** (L) What caused Frank to spend so many years interacting with a person such as N\_\_\_ E\_\_\_? {"Dane" in "Amazing Grace".}

**A:** That was part of the learning process and was also Karmic in nature.

**Q:** (L) And what brought that whole situation to a halt?

**A:** It was time to end.

**Q:** (L) During a previous reading we asked several questions about Jesus of Nazareth known as the Christ. The question was asked: "Was Jesus special, that is, Christed, in some way?" The answer came back was: "Quick exalted; wars; civil entrancement. Zindar council." I would like to know the meaning of these references.

**A:** Quick exalted refers to a sudden boost of awareness level as related to your previous questions about knowledge. Sometimes that acquisition can occur in a surge and sometimes this is referred to as illumination. Jesus acquired his knowledge by having complete faith in his ability to acquire the knowledge from a higher source. This faith caused an equal balancing interaction with higher sources, which allowed him to gain supreme knowledge simply by having that faith. Remember that the resources for the acquisition of knowledge in the space/time ere of Christ were much more limited than they are now. There were few options open for acquiring true knowledge except total and complete faith. And this one was instilled with the awareness that total and complete faith would cause dramatic and spectacular acquisition of knowledge; also would cause dramatic and spectacular progression of the soul being. Therefore, the faith was felt, the knowledge was received.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the knowledge?

**A:** The source was the sixth level of density which is where we reside and we also were involved in that as well.

**Q:** (L) What does the term "Civil entrancement" mean?

**A:** Civil entrancement is a complete balancing of one's useful energies to a level where there is no experiencing of over balancing on the positive or negative side which is preferable for meditation in a mass form.

**Q:** (L) What is the Zendar Council?

**A:** Zendar Council is a sixth level density council which spans both physical and ethereal realms and which oversees dramatic development points at various civilizational sector s in lower density levels.

**Q:** (L) I would like you to expound a bit on the life of Christ in terms of chronology of events. Could you tell us about his understanding about himself, his interaction with higher sources, his state of being Christed, and what was the true work he came her to do and how did he accomplish it?

**A:** His awareness of who and what he was gradually came as he grew. He was taught by us through his faith as described previously. And you should have faith as well because you would find things would come to you as "knowings" more often than even now. Jesus awareness of his mission and his actions pertaining to it were part of the natural progression of his growth and development. The information about his "miracles" has been largely corrupted by writings which have been passed down after the actual event period. Most of these writings are by entities who wish to confuse and corrupt all humanity for previously stated purposes. The idea was that if one perceived Jesus as performing physical miracles, then your entire understanding of what the life experience here on earth and on this plane is, and the meaning for it all, is also corrupted and the knowledge is blocked which is the goal of those who have done this. Jesus' purpose and plan was to teach knowledge to all who sought but did not have the strength to express as great a level of faith as he had to acquire the knowledge as he did from higher sources. If they were open and willing to learn they could be taught by hearing. He had only very limited success in imparting faith to others because faith comes solely from within and that is one of the most difficult things for beings on your plane to acquire.

**Q:** (L) Now, it has been discussed before that Jesus was probably the product of a genetically selected impregnation, could you comment on this and why this would be.

**A:** There was no genetic selection of the impregnation. That is incorrect.

**Q:** (L) Okay, then what was it?

**A:** It was a natural conception.

**Q:** (L) Well what I meant was that the person was selected to be the biological father.

**A:** Well, that is always the case in every single birth that occurs in your level of density.

**Q:** (L) Could you comment on the idea that is implicit in this that Jesus was illegitimate?

**A:** Obviously if one feels that this would put a shadow or stain on him in some way, or the knowledge that he imparted, then you have not been paying attention. Did you not hear what was said about obsession as opposed to knowledge? Those who are truly, within themselves, at all points of development, trying to seek greater knowledge, will not be blocked by any ideas relating to illegitimacy as you refer to it. Those who are obsessed, by choice, rather than trying to seek true knowledge, will indeed be blocked at that point. It is all up to the choice of the individual. If you choose to develop and gain knowledge then you are never blocked or obsessed at any point about anything ever. However if you choose to limit your knowledge or become obsessed then you are constantly finding yourself blocked and this will manifest in all your life experiences. That is part of the individual soul development pattern. It is all based on choice. Therefore it is not possible for you to interfere with another's choice to acquire knowledge or not and how it is or is not done. There is no need to try to alter another's perceptions because that would be to interfere with free will. If one chooses to be obsessed rather than to be illumined, that is their choice!

**Q:** (L) We talked about the planet Martek. Is this an ancient human name for Mars or is it an Alien designation?

**A:** Combination of both as were many things at various levels of the development of your history.

**Q:** (L) The remark was made that the planet earth, prior to its interaction with Martek, had a water vapor canopy. How was this water vapor canopy suspended?

**A:** The water vapor canopy was a natural element of the particular composition of your atmosphere at that particular measure point in space/time.

**Q:** (L) Was the gravity level the same as what it is now?

**A:** It was somewhat different. But not perceptible to you. That difference is part of the explanation of why that vapor canopy remained suspended.

**Q:** (L) Did that condition prior to the flood of Noah, the altered gravitational state as well as the water vapor canopy, was that condition more conducive to extended life spans than the conditions that exist on the planet now?

**A:** Not only those things but all the other conditions that existed on the planet at that particular point in space/time were more conducive to longer life spans. And, by the way, Noah is a symbolic message rather than an historical event.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean a historical event in the terms of Noah being in an ark or historical event in terms of the flood?

**A:** First of all, there was no Noah. Secondly there was no actual real flood as depicted in that story. Thirdly, the whole story was a symbolic message as opposed to an actual event.

**Q:** (L) What did actually occur and what does the symbolism have to tell us?

**A:** It is a very broad representation. It simply means that there was a cataclysmic event that did envelop the whole planet at that time and that those that were ready to experience that as part of their soul development without exiting the body, were warned ahead of time. But not by trying to manipulate events, but by simply allowing faith to let them acquire knowledge and being naturally drawn into position to experience what they needed to experience to survive the event.

**Q:** (L) At that time was Martek drawn close to the earth and did it have water on its surface which the earth then robbed or borrowed?

**A:** That is very close to being the case. It is far more complicated than that so we will leave that at this time.

**Q:** (L) Tell me about the Nephilim.

**A:** That was a race of beings in the third level of density which came from an actual planet at another point in this particular galaxy also in the third level of density, who were taken, or shall we say kidnapped, reprogrammed and retrained by the Lizard Beings to act as enforcers during a particular era of what you would measure as your past.

**Q:** (L) What era was that?

**A:** That was an era... it would have been approximately 8 to 5 thousand years ago but there are also dates relating to 12 to 14 thousand years ago and others. Dating system is not ours and does not exist for us.

**Q:** (L) For how many years did these beings exist on our earth?

**A:** Approximately 15 to 18 hundred years. They died off because they were not able to reproduce naturally in the atmosphere of the earth and experimentation to try to cause them to intermix with the human population did not succeed.

**Q:** (L) When did the last of them die off?

**A:** Probably near 6 to 7 thousand years ago. But there is also a reference point of 12 to 14 thousand years as well.

**Q:** (L) What was the name of the planet they came from?

**A:** Dorlaqua.

**Q:** (L) Where was this planet located?

**A:** This planet was located in the Orion complex.

**Q:** (L) After the "flood of Noah" approximately how many people survived that cataclysm on the whole earth?

**A:** Approximately 19 million.

**Q:** (L) Why did the population of the earth continue to decline from that point?

**A:** Because of disease and inability to adjust due to artificial manipulations of the genetic pool.

**Q:** (L) What did the tower of Babel look like?

**A:** Looked very similar to your Washington monument. Which re-creation is an ongoing replication of a soul memory.

**Q:** (L) Would the great pyramid in Egypt still work if someone knew how to use it?

**A:** It still works today even though it isn't being artificially used. It was also a preservative chamber. If you were to walk inside the confines of the great pyramid and then leave the body, your body would retain its structure for quite some time. This ability has contributed to the preservation of the actual structure.

**Q:** (L) What did the original face on the sphinx look like?

**A:** Looked like a representation of a feline and a human.

**Q:** (L) At one point in a previous transmission it was stated that the Lizard beings altered the human race after a battle for their own "feeding" purposes. Could you clarify this?

**A:** It would not be possible for these beings to completely control your existence. If it were you would not be able to do the things your race has done. There has been interference by the Lizard beings in the physical structure of the human beings for their own benefit. Remember what we told you before. They have been interfering with the time cycle experienced on this plane, for quite some time as you measure it. For 74 thousand years they have been interfering in a backwards and forwards time reference manner in order to set up circumstances that they perceive to be beneficial for them in the measure of time that you would consider to be forward, that is, in the future. They have been going backwards and forwards in time to do this. They are suspended in the time cycle as they do this. So what they perceive as being your equivalent of one hour could be as long as 74 thousand years.

**Q:** (L) So they haven't been here for 300 thousand years?

**A:** They originally set up circumstances for their benefit 309 thousand years ago, however, they have been using the particular bracketed period of the 74 thousand year period alter things in all the various ways mentioned earlier.

**Q:** (L) Now you mentioned the creators of your group as the super ancient ancestors called the transient passengers, what is the meaning of this term and who are these beings?

**A:** Transient passengers are not beings. Transient Passengers are unified thought form.

**Q:** (L) Why are they called transient passengers?

**A:** Because they transit all forms of reality. And they spring forth from the Unified form of existence.

**Q:** (L) The planet that was destroyed between Jupiter and Mars that we now know as the asteroid belt, you said was destroyed by psychic energy. Could you clarify that?

**A:** The occupants of that planet, many of whom are your soul ancestors, simply decided to develop a service to self atmosphere that was so super charged in the negative that it actually caused their home planet to be destroyed because the energy levels became so intense crashing back upon themselves that they actually destroyed the atomic structure of the planet, causing it to physically explode.

**Q:** (L) Was this done technologically or was it strictly done by mind power?

**A:** They are one and the same.

**Q:** (L) Did they do something like drop bombs?

**A:** No, no. This was done by psychic energy. There has been in a transient fashion of reality the danger of the same thing happening on your planet. Although we are quite confident it won't because we see all reality, past present and future. But, you must understand also that even in our particular perspective point, all reality is nonetheless fluid. There are still many choices of realities and possible futures and possible pasts and possible presents. But we feel fairly confident that that particular fate will not befall your planet, although it did the one then known as Kantek.

**Q:** (L) On a couple of occasions it has been mentioned that Yasser Arafat was a fifth density soul and that he was a descendant of Jesus of Nazareth. What is there about him that demonstrates these qualities or these genetics?

**A:** Have you not seen? Imagine what it would be like to be Yasser Arafat. Look at your perception. What is he doing now?

**Q:** (L) Well the pro-Jewish point of view is not favorable to him.

**A:** Well, what you describe as pro anything is an obsession. And, as we know, obsession blocks knowledge which in turn blocks the ability to protect oneself against negative occurrences. Not a good idea. If you were following circumstances, Yasser Arafat is now trying to take the world upon his shoulders by making peace with the Israelis who have been enemies for a very long time. And, therefore, he is now a peace maker and knowledge dispenser.

**Q:** (L) In that particular conflict between the Jews and the Arabs, which side has the greater validity?

**A:** All sides have equal validity. It is only with individuals we find negativity or positivity.

**Q:** (L) In discussion of a purported crash of a space craft in Roswell, it was remarked that this crash was caused by ionization. Could you be more specific?

**A:** That reference simply means the bouncing of what you call radar beams off of the ions existing in the atmosphere at the time, caused electromagnetic disturbance which interfered the gravitational balancing system of that particular craft.

**Q:** (L) Why were the ions present at that time and not at other times?

**A:** The ions were charged at that time because of storm activity.

**Q:** (L) You said that there were bodies recovered by the government. How many bodies were recovered?

**A:** Three dead and one still in operation.

**Q:** (L) How long did the one live?

**A:** Remained in operation for approximately 3 and a half years. It was a robotic biogenetic being rather than a soul encompassing physical existence.

**Q:** (L) Did the government know that it was a robotic being?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they still think it was a living being?

**A:** The government is not one individual. Some are now aware that these are biogenetic engineered beings.

**Q:** (L) In another transmission we were told that we would receive information from a different being each time of contact in order to get good information. Why is this?

**A:** That is to make sure that balance and equilibrium is maintained and also informational sources are fresh in the interaction between the giver and the receiver.

**Q:** Well, that is it for tonight. Thank you.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

