## November 27, 1994
Frank, Laura and LM

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. Illo.

**Q:** (L) Your name is Illo? Who are you and where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I have a few little questions I want to ask, and I know they are personal and I know how you feel about personal questions but there is a reason for the importance of these questions. The first is why is it every time I think about sitting at the board my left ear starts doing strange things?

**A:** DNA responding.

**Q:** (LM) Why or how would DNA make your ear hurt?

**A:** Changes.

**Q:** (L) How can DNA changing affect an ear or shoulder, for example?

**A:** Complex; read "Bringers of the Dawn".

**Q:** (L) My husband is really concerned about his truck. This may sound like a simple thing, but for us it is because we can't just go and spend money on fixing it only to find out that is the wrong thing and something else needs fixing. We need to know what is wrong with it so that we can fix it with the least amount of expenditure.

**A:** Catalytic converter.

**Q:** (LM) It doesn't have one. (L) He doesn't have one. What is wrong with the truck?

**A:** Space where converter should be.

**Q:** (LM) Whoever is telling you this is abysmally mechanically ignorant. No 1978 truck ever had a catalytic converter.

**A:** Check it. Your assertion. Fuel line clogged at bottom where "cc" should be. {This proved to be absolutely correct! A rubber cap was missing which led to the obstruction and LM was amazed.}

**Q:** (L) Is it possible to do hypnotic future progressions that give accurate information in a general sense?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In the book "Mass Dreams of The Future", are these statistically analyzed mass dreams in any way accurate?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible, since they showed several different scenarios... why am I feeling so strange at this moment?

**A:** Anemic/low blood sugar.

**Q:** (L) So it is not an emotional reaction to my husband's hostility? {LM had left the room.}

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, in that sense, I would like to know.

**A:** Know what?

**Q:** (L) Are you sure you are a Cassiopaean?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, you don't seem to be really in tune or accurate about what is going on here tonight. {I was assuming that the response about the truck was wrong.}

**A:** In tune, but your energies are low; it "takes two to tango".

**Q:** (L) Now, last night you said you affected our psyches in order to have us make changes on the board. It occurred to me that you might have the ability to change the electromagnetics of the body which would then affect the physical body, is this correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) So, could you perform an electromagnetic healing on me, that is, on the etheric or spirit body, which would then manifest in the physical body?

**A:** Do.

**Q:** (L) You do? Well, I would like to have more of it, more often. I would like you to speed up the process because I am fairly miserable in the physical sense. Is that possible?

**A:** Cycle will pass.

**Q:** (L) Well, I want to know why my arm hurts so bad and why my heart feels like an elephant is sitting on it?

**A:** Energy low.

**Q:** (L) Is the answer to that just simply to rest?

**A:** Yes. Absolutely. Last session was particularly draining. Don't overdo it, just pace it.

**Q:** (L) Well, let's go back to the truck. Do you think you can tap into anybody who is a mechanic and just give us...

**A:** Truck problem will be resolved by your tomorrow and will be easy to resolve.

**Q:** (L) I talked to T\_\_ M\_\_ tonight and I wonder if he is going to be willing and able to compensate Frank for the electric bill?

**A:** Yes. But explain in detail. And point out his good fortune.

**Q:** (L) I want a new vehicle. Look into the future for me, please, and tell me which is there for me around the corner, is it a car or a nice, big, van?

**A:** Either.

**Q:** (L) Is it very close in the future for me.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Now, I want to know in terms of this activity, what percentage of our energy is utilized in this channelling process? Is it say, 60% Frank and 40% me or whatever?

**A:** Varies.

**Q:** (L) With Jan and Terry here, is that a more energetic session?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does it help to have more people in the room?

**A:** If they are not hostile.

**Q:** (L) Does hostility cut back the energy?

**A:** Immensely and negative moods as well.

**Q:** (L) Is LM more hostile and negative than he believes he is or than he lets on?

**A:** Varies.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to be able to do something to my psyche that is going to make my body start dropping tons of weight with no necessity for me to focus on that issue at all?

**A:** Not necessary, once project gets going, your energy will greatly increase, thus weight loss follows.

**Q:** (L) On many occasions I have had dreams about being on a train. What do these dreams mean to me?

**A:** Not significant.

**Q:** (L) What about the dreams of putting on make-up?

**A:** Hiding your self.

**Q:** (L) What level are the Pleiadians who channel through Barbara Marciniak?

**A:** 6th density.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I would like to know where A\_\_ G\_\_ is and what she is doing currently.

**A:** North Carolina, nursing.

**Q:** (L) Is she still with Tom?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Split.

**Q:** (L) Where is he?

**A:** Tarpon Springs.

**Q:** (L) Why is he there?

**A:** Engineering.

**Q:** (L) What about C\_\_ S\_\_?

**A:** In Atlanta. Artist.

**Q:** (L) I talked to C\_\_ P\_\_ the other day, she seemed to be hostile. Is this a valid assessment?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Why does she feel this way?

**A:** Not on same wavelength.

**Q:** (L) Should I just forget her?

**A:** Up to you.

END OF SESSION

