## December 9, 1994
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** {Name lost}

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Now, tell me the name of the beings D\_\_ M\_\_ experienced as preying Mantises in her hypnosis session?

**A:** Her essence.

**Q:** (L) But, in that reality don't they have a name?

**A:** Too complex to answer adequately in this medium.

**Q:** (L) Well, you said that the beings that V\_\_ encountered were Minturians, aren't they the same?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there a difference between essence beings and incarnate beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we have a distinct difference. Okay, who were the ant/fly beings she described?

**A:** Her essence too.

**Q:** (L) And what were those snakey, slug-like beings that she saw?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that all of this stuff is who she is? All of these horrible creatures and these..

**A:** In some of the alternate realities.

**Q:** (L) Do I have creatures like that that are my essence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) My essence is something that horrible and dark and icky?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Well, weren't those horrible icky beings eating little children? Weren't those real human children?

**A:** How do you think you are viewed by deer, for example?

**Q:** (L) Well, I can immediately see that. I saw that already. I mean, cows and chickens would have to view us that way. I mean, it's pretty gross.

**A:** Roaches, too.

**Q:** (L) Is that why the night before D\_\_'s session, I dreamed of ants that I could have stepped on and smashed, and for some reason I decided I did not want to take the life of even a single ant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was that dream preparing me for what I was going to experience in that session?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, what do we do about these essence parts of ourselves? I mean, I don't like it that there may be something of the predator in me. I would like to not have it, or get rid or it, or transform it, or whatever.

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Well, am I going to have to remember myself doing things like that in order to come to terms with it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that going to happen to me, that I am going to have memories like that surfacing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I can't even cope with it in someone else, how am I going to deal with it in myself?

**A:** You will.

**Q:** (L) Is this something we are all going to have to do?

**A:** All eligible.

**Q:** (L) And who is eligible?

**A:** 4th density candidates.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank going to have to remember these things, too?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How does one know that one is a 4D candidate?

**A:** You gradually "awaken".

**Q:** (L) Are my children 4D candidates? And my husband? You have to tell me this. If I have to deal with things, let me do it a little at a time.

**A:** You are not in correct frame of mind.

**Q:** (L) Well, that sounds ominous.

**A:** Wait for answer.

**Q:** (L) Wait until when?

**A:** You are ready.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, some people may have to leave behind children or mates, or siblings or parents, is that true?

**A:** If so, will be prepared.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way to tell if someone is a 4D candidate?

**A:** Inquire of them.

**Q:** (L) And, will they know?

**A:** Yes, at some level. In a sense. Those who are chosen feel it. You will know.

**Q:** (L) Well, I happen to think that my family is extremely special.

**A:** So do all.

**Q:** (L) I have taken a great deal of time and care with spiritual matters. Is that because it was my obsession or did they choose me because of this?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Did the Minturians, the preying mantis beings that V\_\_ experienced in her regression, did those preying mantises eat people?

**A:** Too complex for your thought patterns of this session. You are upset.

**Q:** (L) Well, is that what is wrong with me tonight. You aren't telling me much.

**A:** Biological, and we are telling plenty, you are not "hearing" because biological factors have temporarily pushed you back more into 3D.

**Q:** (L) Would it be a good idea to do the Reiki exercises and stop the cycle?

**A:** Your cycle may stop soon anyway.

**Q:** (L) Well, is it true that that exercise, when it stops your cycle, it also stops the aging process?

**A:** Somewhat.

**Q:** (L) Would it be beneficial.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) But, I thought you guys said I had another baby waiting to come in?

**A:** Does not necessarily mean will make it.

**Q:** (L) So, am I going through the change here?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (L) When will it start?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is S\_\_ going to pay me the money she owes me?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What are the odds?

**A:** Depends on your efforts.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that I have to now send her a certified letter through my attorney?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) And, if I do this, will she pay?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Have the B\_\_'s made their final payment to Fleet?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (L) Will they pay on Monday?

**A:** Probably.

**Q:** (L) When will I get my SSI check?

**A:** Within 10 days?

**Q:** (L) When will I get my monthly check?

**A:** The same.

**Q:** (L) And how much will the back pay be?

**A:** 3000 approximately.

**Q:** (L) And how much will we get from Paul with the deed to the house?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Back, a year or so ago, when we talked to Keith on the board, and you verified that it was Keith, Keith gave us a set of numbers that came in within 8 days of the day he gave them to us. Now, if he, as an earthbound spirit, was capable of giving us a set of numbers that came in within 10 days, could you not do the same?

**A:** Maybe, when all is well.

**Q:** (L) In other words, when I am not in this crummy mood?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Is there any qualification that needs to be established for us to get the lottery numbers? Is there some thing we have to do, or be, or think, or say?

**A:** Completely pure intent, i.e. open.

**Q:** (L) Completely open?

**A:** Nonanticipatory.

**Q:** (L) Our anticipation constricts the channel when we ask for that kind of information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) We have to be completely uncaring whether we get it or not, so to speak?

**A:** Happy-go-lucky attitude helps. As you were before.

**Q:** (L) So, as long as we are worried, tense, anticipatory, and attached to the idea, we constrict the flow?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, you said in an earlier session that you were making financial arrangements for us. Well, I am not putting any weight or pressure on that, but, does that have anything to do with M\_\_ T\_\_ and referrals for hypnosis?

**A:** Maybe. Don't be anticipatory. Faith, dear.

**Q:** (L) Thank you and good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

