## October 25, 1994
Frank, Laura, VG

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Batuva.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate earth spirit?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Are you prepared to answer our questions this evening?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The first question is what is the meaning of the winged circle that is so common throughout ancient religions?

**A:** Life energy.

**Q:** (L) Why was life energy represented this way?

**A:** Closed circle. Free spirit in closed circle.

**Q:** (L) What is the meaning of the eye of Horus?

**A:** Psychic energy.

**Q:** (L) What was the origin of the serpent god?

**A:** Lizard rule.

**Q:** (L) Who appeared to Joan of Arc?

**A:** Lizard projection.

**Q:** (L) What is the true origin of Halloween?

**A:** All Hallows Eve.

**Q:** (L) Is there something older than that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are there alien bases on the Moon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who do the bases belong to?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Was there ever at any time such a thing as mermaids?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of this legend?

**A:** Sailors delirium.

**Q:** (L) Are there alien bases on Mars?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Whose?

**A:** Grays and Lizards.

**Q:** (L) The kids want to know what the giant squids eat?

**A:** Various things.

**Q:** (L) Do they have a purpose for being on the planet?

**A:** Does anything?

**Q:** (L) Does it?

**A:** We asked you. Rhetorical question.

**Q:** (L) The kids also want to know how long it takes a squid to grow that big and how long they live?

**A:** 200 to grow and live up to 700 years.

**Q:** (L) What procedure or technology do the Grays use to pass through solid matter?

**A:** Transdimensional atomic rearrangement.

**Q:** (L) How do aliens transport themselves or others on beams of light?

**A:** By electron focusing and previous answer.

**Q:** (L) How do aliens create the virtual reality scenarios as described in Karla Turner's second book?

**A:** Mental image restructuring.

**Q:** (L) Why does this phenomenon involve the use of the "blue bubble" or light?

**A:** Hypnotic suggestion trigger.

**Q:** (L) What is the basis of the Gnostic texts such as the apocryphon of John?

**A:** Ancient atheists.

**Q:** (L) What was the energy fueling the crazy sick life of Aliester Crowley?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Are Lizards responsible for paranoid schizophrenia?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) In a general sense, in the majority of cases, what is the cause of paranoia or schizophrenia?

**A:** Lizard manipulation of energies.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** To feed off the negative results.

**Q:** (L) So it isn't necessarily attachments?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do Lizards use attachments of dark energies to effect their purposes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In a lot of cases of paranoid schizophrenia are attachments used?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they perpetuating schizophrenia through genetics?

**A:** Can. Or mental and emotional. Environmental life experiences.

**Q:** (L) Why does it not usually show up until adolescence? Is this because adolescents are being abducted and having implants put in?

**A:** Not necessarily.

**Q:** (V) Do I have an implant in my right ear?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) It has been going off a lot lately.

**A:** Caused by your interactions with these powerful channels.

**Q:** (V) What do you mean by powerful channels?

**A:** Laura and Frank.

**Q:** (V) Are they Lizard implants?

**A:** Yes. Monitoring heavily lately.

**Q:** (V) When did I get the implants?

**A:** Age 3.

**Q:** (L) How come Frank and I cause her implant to Buzz? (V) It buzzes when I'm not with you guys, too.

**A:** Set off.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that we are controlled by Lizards?

**A:** They are concerned by VG's communication with us through you.

**Q:** (L) What is their concern?

**A:** Losing mole.

**Q:** (L) As in espionage terminology.

**Q:** (L) Is VG a mole?

**A:** Were subconsciously.

**Q:** (L) VG wants to know if she is detrimental to the project by being here?

**A:** No. Beneficial but the Lizards may resist.

**Q:** (L) How would they do this resistance?

**A:** Make her life more difficult just like they have with you two.

**Q:** (V) But it seems that my life is more on track that it has ever been before?

**A:** Watch out. Too late to leave project.

**Q:** (V) I just heard something in my left ear. Is that also an implant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Do they know what we are doing right at this moment?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Should I stop and go home?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Why do the implants go off when they do?

**A:** Monitoring. They have reasons to monitor when they do. They can turn on the monitor and read everything that has gone on since the last monitoring. It is done at their convenience.

**Q:** (V) Do I have an implant in my left sinus which causes thick discharge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Am I going to be able to blow it out?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I want you to translate for me this phrase: Enuma elish lanabu shamamu.

**A:** All are seen together.

**Q:** (L) Translate: Apsu.

**A:** Life.

**Q:** (L) Nudimmud.

**A:** World.

**Q:** (L) Marduk

**A:** Mars.

**Q:** (L) Kingu

**A:** Light.

**Q:** (L) Duggae

**A:** Ground.

**Q:** (L) What is the Enuma elish really about?

**A:** Ascent.

**Q:** (L) Ascent of what?

**A:** Gods.

**Q:** (L) What gods were these?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) How many planets did the Sumerians know about?

**A:** They thought 12.

**Q:** (L) What is a "tablet of destinies"?

**A:** Map.

**Q:** (L) How did Marduk slay Tiamat?

**A:** Wrong.

**Q:** (L) Marduk did not slay Tiamat?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What did it mean when it said "putting Tiamat's head into position?"

**A:** Mars conjunct Moon.

**Q:** (L) How did Tiamat's head form the "hammered bracelet"?

**A:** Comet trail.

**Q:** (L) Is the Quorum composed of members who are humans on this planet?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Would we know any of them as well known figures?

**A:** Hidden. None you would know.

**Q:** (L) How is the Quorum important in regard to the Earth changes?

**A:** Watchers.

**Q:** (L) Why is it important to have watchers?

**A:** Keep track of prophecies.

**Q:** (L) How do the Masons relate to the Illuminati?

**A:** Masons are low level branch.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know the approximate years of the life of Hermes Trismegistus.

**A:** 5211 approx. (Years ago or B.C.?)

**Q:** (V) What were the red and green balls of light E {her son} saw several months ago?

**A:** Grays probing.

**Q:** (V) Was he abducted at that time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Were the probes there because of him or because of me?

**A:** Him.

**Q:** (V) Has he ever been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) How old when first abducted?

**A:** Two.

**Q:** (VG) {My son's} dream of being choked?

**A:** Past life memory disconnection.

END OF SESSION

