## January 5, 1995
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello, who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Turoian.

**Q:** (L) Where are you from?

**A:** Cass.

**Q:** (L) Cass? Are we abbreviating Cassiopaea now?

**A:** Sure, why not.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am sure that you must be aware of the excitement yesterday with the confirmation of the information received some time ago about J\_\_'s past incarnation as a pilot in Viet Nam...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I would like to have a few more details about this G\_\_ R\_\_ K\_\_. Is this, in fact, the individual who is incarnated as my son?

**A:** Probably, but up to you to discover so as to learn. Remember, its all just lessons.

**Q:** (L) Well, what I would like to do is get some information from you and then do a session with J\*\*\* and then compare the information, to have a sort of guideline to go by, would that be alright.

**A:** Okey dokey.

**Q:** (L) The first thing I want to ask is this: G\_\_ R\_\_ K\_\_, the probable individual, could you tell us what kind of plane he was flying?

**A:** EC 121.

**Q:** (L) How many other people were on board that plane?

**A:** 15.

**Q:** (L) And was that plane shot down?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It did not just simply crash, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was it doing when it was shot down?

**A:** Combination reconnaissance and bombing.

**Q:** (L) Who was the pilot of the plane?

**A:** There were two.

**Q:** (L) What were their names?

**A:** G\_\_ and G\_\_. The "Two G's."

**Q:** (L) Now, G\_\_ R\_\_'s sister called me, what is her reaction to this information?

**A:** Anticipation.

**Q:** (L) What is she anticipating?

**A:** Reunion.

**Q:** (L) Because of this information, A\_\_, of course, has inquired as to who she was in her last lifetime. So, could you tell me this?

**A:** Rebecca Rendell.

**Q:** (L) Where did she live?

**A:** Georgia.

**Q:** (L) What year was she born?

**A:** 1900.

**Q:** (L) When did she die in that lifetime?

**A:** 1963.

**Q:** (L) Is this the lifetime she recalled under hypnosis where she finds herself sitting and waiting and says that everyone is gone, has deserted her, she is alone?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the situation surrounding that? Why does she feel so abandoned and alone?

**A:** Alcoholism.

**Q:** (L) She was an alcoholic?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was she abandoned and left alone because of her alcoholism?

**A:** Husband problems.

**Q:** (L) She had problems with her husband because of the alcoholism or did the problems with husband cause the alcoholism?

**A:** Interwoven.

**Q:** (L) Did she have children in that lifetime?

**A:** One.

**Q:** (L) When was that child born?

**A:** 1919.

**Q:** (L) Is that child living today?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did she have any grandchildren?

**A:** Three.

**Q:** (L) Was the child a boy or girl?

**A:** Girl. Fonora Jean. {Or Nora Jean}

**Q:** (L) The next one I want to ask about is A\_\_. Who was A\_\_ in her last lifetime?

**A:** Have you finished with J\_\_?

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess I could ask a few more questions about J\_\_. What else could I ask?

**A:** Searing his lungs with flames.

**Q:** (L) Did that happen in the plane crash?

**A:** Immediately after missile strike.

**Q:** (L) Tell us more of what you are seeing at this moment.

**A:** Breathing in fire.

**Q:** (L) Was this the cause of death?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this the reason J\_\_ has suffered from asthma?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, you previously said the leg was torn off with the missile strike, is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there any other injuries that occurred that he would be experiencing backlash from at this time?

**A:** Spine severed 17 locations.

**Q:** (L) Does this cause him back pain?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Any other physical symptoms or experiences?

**A:** Psychological.

**Q:** (L) In this experience, how long after the missile struck did he actually leave the body?

**A:** 14 seconds.

**Q:** (L) It was pretty much instantaneous.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Still, under those circumstances, 14 seconds can be forever. (F) No kidding. Time slows down to a standstill. (L) What were the last thoughts G\_\_ R\_\_ had before he left the body?

**A:** He thought of his family and his childhood home.

**Q:** (L) If I were to take J\_\_ to the home G\_\_ R\_\_ grew up in, would he remember it?

**A:** That was only one of his homes.

**Q:** (L) Did he remember his earliest home?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Was he particularly close to his sister, R\_\_?

**A:** More close to brothers.

**Q:** (L) Is that...

**A:** Rivalries, other siblings were more assertive.

**Q:** (L) Anything else we need to know at this time?

**A:** Body remains were questionable.

**Q:** (L) They may have buried the wrong remains in G\_\_ R\_\_'s grave?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, what do you mean the "remains were questionable?"

**A:** All will say.

**Q:** (L) That is all you are going to say on that?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is real curious. Goodness gracious. Okay, I would like to know who A\_\_ was in her last lifetime?

**A:** Luther Meinhardt.

**Q:** (L) Where did Luther Meinhardt live?

**A:** Deutschland.

**Q:** (L) And what year was Luther Meinhardt born in Deutschland?

**A:** 1904.

**Q:** (L) And when did Luther Meinhardt die?

**A:** 1947.

**Q:** (L) What did Luther Meinhardt die from?

**A:** Dysentery.

**Q:** (L) Was there some connection between Luther and me in that lifetime?

**A:** Was officer in Gestapo.

**Q:** (L) Did I know this officer in the Gestapo?

**A:** Not directly or by name.

**Q:** (L) Well, if I didn't know this person directly or by name, did this person have some effect on my life?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What effect did this person have on my life. What did they do?

**A:** Arrested husband.

**Q:** (L) And at the time my husband was arrested, what happened then?

**A:** Nothing of import.

**Q:** (L) What happened to the husband after he was arrested? Why was he arrested?

**A:** Judisch.

**Q:** (L) He was arrested because he was Jewish?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was I also Jewish?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And how many children did I have?

**A:** Four.

**Q:** (L) What was the result of the arrest of my husband? Was he taken to a concentration camp, killed, or what?

**A:** Killed.

**Q:** (L) How was he killed?

**A:** Shot.

**Q:** (L) Was this the point at which I committed suicide by diving from a window?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there were the four children; what then happened to the children?

**A:** Taken to camp "Orphanage."

**Q:** (L) What happened to the four of them there?

**A:** Different fates.

**Q:** (L) What was the oldest one's name?

**A:** Rita.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Rita?

**A:** Died in camp.

**Q:** (L) How old was Rita when she died in the camp?

**A:** 17.

**Q:** (L) What was the next oldest one's name?

**A:** Gerta.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Gerta?

**A:** Died in camp.

**Q:** (L) How old was Gerta when she died?

**A:** 15.

**Q:** (L) What was the next one's name?

**A:** Klaus.

**Q:** (L) What happened to Klaus?

**A:** Experimented upon, survived, lives in Austria or Holland.

**Q:** (L) Why does he live in one or the other?

**A:** Hard to decipher because he moves.

**Q:** (L) Does he move back and forth from one place to the other?

**A:** Has or does.

**Q:** (L) And Klaus is still living. When was Klaus born?

**A:** 1929.

**Q:** (L) What was the last name of the family?

**A:** Gerspringer.

**Q:** (L) What happened to the youngest child?

**A:** Ernst. Died 1987.

**Q:** (L) So, Ernst survived the camp. Are any of the children I have now reincarnations of my children then?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are there any ramifications of this situation that I need to deal with?

**A:** Watch karmic interaction with A\_\_. You may have hidden anger.

**Q:** (L) But A\_\_ is such a lovable baby. Why did she decide to come into my family if she was part of the Gestapo that destroyed my family?

**A:** Guilt.

**Q:** (L) She wanted to come in to assuage her guilt?

**A:** Was Gestapo, but intents were not evil, just "orders."

**Q:** (L) And who was my husband in that lifetime?

**A:** Gerhard.

**Q:** (L) And who is he in this lifetime, has he already reincarnated?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Didn't you tell me that he had reincarnated and that he was G\_\_ M\_\_?

**A:** Yes, but has apparently passed and other entity told you, not us.

**Q:** (L) So, on the occasion when those questions were being asked, the entity that was telling us that was a corrupted influence?

**A:** Not corrupted, just other.

**Q:** (L) Another of the Cassiopaeans told me that?

**A:** Check records.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand. Well, since you brought that subject up, are you intending to say that the entity in this person's body has passed and another entity has taken its place?

**A:** No. G\_\_ was husband, but other lifetime.

**Q:** (L) I see, I guess. Okay, well, where is the person who was my husband in that lifetime? Is he still floating around somewhere?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What lifetime was it when G\_\_ was my husband?

**A:** Before the last one.

**Q:** (L) What year was that lifetime?

**A:** 1800's..

**Q:** (L) In that particular lifetime, what was the karmic interaction or dynamics?

**A:** Husband and wife. Deutschland, Prussia.

**Q:** (L) What was his name?

**A:** Gunther Steinbrandt.

**Q:** (L) What was my name in that lifetime?

**A:** Wilhelmina.

**Q:** (L) Did we have any children?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was Gunther Steinbrandt's occupation?

**A:** Solderer.

**Q:** (L) He was a worker with solder?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I didn't know they had solder in that time. Sounds like a totally boring life. Did anything dramatic or interesting happen in that life?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) My current husband and I seemingly have very strong karma together. What is the source of this karma?

**A:** Were lovers in Persia.

**Q:** (L) And that was in the 1600s as we have been told before, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do I have any particular karma toward or with any of my children that is outstanding? Any one or two children with outstanding karma?

**A:** A\_\_.

**Q:** (L) What about A\_\_?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who was A\_\_ in her last lifetime?

**A:** Brian Jones.

**Q:** (L) When did Brian Jones die?

**A:** 1889

**Q:** (L) When was Brian Jones born?

**A:** 1803.

**Q:** (L) And do all of my children have strong connections to me in terms of affection or karma or whatever?

**A:** As always.

**Q:** (L) When was the last lifetime Frank and I were together?

**A:** 1700's.

**Q:** (L) Who was Frank in the 1700s?

**A:** Bavarian landowner's son.

**Q:** (L) Who was I in this lifetime?

**A:** Daughter.

**Q:** (L) I was Frank's daughter?

**A:** No, sister.

**Q:** (L) Was this the same lifetime when I was married to G\_\_?

**A:** No. Spent 3 lifetimes in what is now Germany.

**Q:** (L) Was my mother with me in that lifetime?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In that lifetime as Bavarian landowner's children, what was Frank's name?

**A:** Heinrig.

**Q:** (L) What was my name?

**A:** Sheila.

**Q:** (L) What did we do in that lifetime? Argue?

**A:** Were sheltered.

**Q:** (L) Any exceptional talents or abilities?

**A:** Piano and harp.

**Q:** (L) So, all I did was sit around and play the piano and harp all the time?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And read books? What did Frank do, smoke cigars and gaze out the window?

**A:** Read.

**Q:** (L) Must have been nice, Frank. What area of Bavaria was this?

**A:** Muenchen near. South of there. On Braunau.

**Q:** (L) Was this a very large house?

**A:** Castle.

**Q:** (L) Sounds better all the time. Is the castle still standing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would we know that castle by name?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was our last name, surname, family name?

**A:** Von Endersohn.

**Q:** (L) Did we live long and fullfilling and happy lives?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Did we experience tragedy?

**A:** Was turbulent era.

**Q:** (L) Well, how old was I when I died?

**A:** 43.

**Q:** (L) How old was Frank when he died?

**A:** 43.

**Q:** (L) Were we twins?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who was older, me or him?

**A:** Year apart.

**Q:** (L) What did he die from?

**A:** Heart attack.

**Q:** (L) What did I die from?

**A:** Pneumonia.

**Q:** (L) Did we die still living in our castle?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did either of us have any children?

**A:** No. Were sheltered from turbulence directed at wealthy.

**Q:** (L) How were we sheltered from this turbulence?

**A:** Kept isolated. Never married.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that is one way to shelter yourself from turbulence, just never go out. We just sat around, played the piano and harp and read books. That sounds like a pretty ideal existence to me. Did we ride horses too?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I guess we worked hard to entertain ourselves. (F) That must be why we both yearn for security, peaceful reading and so on. (L) I have always wanted to live in Europe. Would I be happy doing so?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) (F) Well, that is probably why you yearn to live in Europe, because you spent 3 lifetimes in that area. (L) If I used hypnosis, could I improve my piano playing? Also, would I be able to automatically play the harp?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Has it ever been done before?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The other night, on New Year's Eve, you said there was a whole group of celestial visitors, and, among these you included my great-grandmother, Laura, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, does this mean that she has not gone into the light or can people come who have done so?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what my grandmother thinks of being dead?

**A:** Relief.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think that one of the things that made her hang on so long was that she was worried about me. I think about her a lot. When I do, is she aware of it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Now, getting back to the idea of walk-ins, this is an idea that Ruth Montgomery promulgated, does this ever happen?

**A:** Rarely.

**Q:** (L) What about the case of the individual known as Lobsang Rampa? Was Lobsang Rampa a walk-in?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the material Lobsang wrote about in his books?

**A:** An active imagination.

**Q:** (L) So, Lobsang's books were basically his imagination and were not channeled in any way?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there a possibility that he channeled some of that information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I sent out a batch of mail today, I sent a copy to M\_\_ F\_\_ with a cover letter etc. I am curious as to whether this will open his eyes in any way to the fact that what is going on with us is far more interesting than what is going on with Scarlett?

**A:** Doubtful.

**Q:** (L) I also sent a copy of it to L\_\_ S\_\_ and a copy to this metaphysical group over here on 54 and a copy to J\_\_ and G\_\_ B\_\_... How will M\_\_ N\_\_ react to our information?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to give me any indication about how any of these people are going to react to any of this information? Can you look into the future and give me any idea of what I can expect from the different people?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) As far as I can see, having found out about the network, until I can get an access line, it seems that our use of this network is going to be severely limited.

**A:** Look into 800 number.

**Q:** (L) Well, in order to get an 800 number, I would have to get the company to do it. I'll look into it, but I don't think so. Now, this person on the network, IrishSir, I have basically decided that I am not going to respond to him because he is very offensive in his responses. It is as though he is attempting to draw me into a situation where he can attack. Is this course of action acceptable?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I could say to this guy that would have an impact on him?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) Give me a clue as to what approach to take?

**A:** Up to you to learn communication with challenging subjects.

**Q:** (L) The other night when we were talking about Jesus, I asked if there was any historical person we knew who resembled him and said you were scanning.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was Jesus actual name?

**A:** Jesinavarah.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of A\_\_'s aversion to what I do and think?

**A:** Different orientation.

**Q:** (L) And what is her orientation?

**A:** Material.

**Q:** (L) Is A\_\_ a 4th density candidate?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) We have been having a lot of very unusual cloud shapes and formations. What is the source of this...

**A:** Upper level wind convergence.

**Q:** (L) When this occurs, does it represent anything from other dimensions? Or is it something to do with EM wave formations from the earth?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) In other words, can these upper level winds and strange cloud patterns be 4th, 5th or 6th density interactions?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Could these cloud patterns be a result of strange electromagnetic patterns on the earth such as those that presage earthquakes and volcanic eruptions?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) Do we have an upcoming volcanic eruption or earthquake in the, say, next ten days?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Which?

**A:** Earthquake. Andes. 7.6 Peru.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we need to know before we shut down for the night?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What time of day was G\_\_ R\_\_ born?

**A:** a.m. 6:21.

**Q:** (L) I apologize for asking so many personal questions, but this thing about J\_\_ has definitely given a lot of credibility to the source here. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

