# 1995
## January 1, 1995
[Continuation of December 31, 1994 session after break for New Year celebration.]

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Cassiopaea calling. Sorrona.

**Q:** (L) And who are our guests?

**A:** You must network tonight as there are those who are awaiting your message as promised.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean do the board and transfer it to the network?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) Have you promised somebody else that you work through that we will.... (L) No, we promised on the network...

**A:** You did.

**Q:** (L) Frank and I promised that we would channel on-line. Yes, we logged on and made the announcement and the next day I had the wreck. I had been promised that my life would change suddenly and dramatically.

**A:** It is.

**Q:** (L) My life is changed?

**A:** Yes. In process.

**Q:** (L) We want to know who the ethereal visitors are tonight... (T) And have they left since all the noise started?

**A:** Mary, Laura, John, Ruth, Terence, Todd, Vance, There's a Ronald.

**Q:** (L) Is the Laura someone who is related to me?

**A:** Grandma.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody else recognize any of those names? (V) I recognize John, my uncle. Are each one of these names like a guide for each one of us?

**A:** No. Visitors. Attracted by energy center.

**Q:** (V) Have I had contact with John before?

**A:** Yes. Uncle.

**Q:** (T) Am I related to any... (V) My uncle that's just passed on?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is Terry related to any of these people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who?

**A:** Vance.

**Q:** (T) Who is Vance? (V) Do they have messages for us? (L) Who is Vance?

**A:** Great Uncle.

**Q:** (L) Do any of these people have messages for any of us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) About 5 or 6 weeks ago I was surrounded by a smell of ...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) It was my uncle Wayne?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) His name was John Wayne... (L) Has D\_\_ ever been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When was she first abducted?

**A:** Age 2.

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** 59.

**Q:** (V\_\_ and Laura) You got the record! (T) How many were physical?

**A:** Not correct thinking pattern.

**Q:** (L) In a sense they are all physical? How many of these abductions were virtual reality abductions?

**A:** Everything is that.

**Q:** (L) Well, how many of these level 1 abductions?

**A:** 9

**Q:** (T) How many were alpha state abductions?

**A:** Two weeks ago felt "tingle."

**Q:** (V) Well, two weeks ago was the night of the party at the book store in Tampa. (L) Okay, has Luanne ever been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many times?

**A:** 17.

**Q:** (LE) No way. (L) When was the first time?

**A:** When lived in red house.

**Q:** (L) Did you ever live in a red house? (Billy) Yeah, we lived in a brick house. (L) How old were you? (LE) When I was five.

**A:** 4

**Q:** (LE) We moved there when I was four right before I was five. (L) Does she have an implant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does D\_\_ have an implant?

**A:** She has 4.

**Q:** (D) Has 4 implants?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where are they?

**A:** In brain.

**Q:** (L) In her brain? Ar-r-r-gh! (LE) I had lots of allergies. (D) What is their purpose?

**A:** Monitor.

**Q:** (L) That's what they all are, monitors. (D) But, why?

**A:** You are aware.

**Q:** (L) They want to monitor you because you are aware. (T) They don't have cable... (L) Is Susan going to be here shortly?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) We want to know what kind of energy is behind Budd Hopkins?

**A:** Divergent.

**Q:** (L) Is he on the right track in his research?

**A:** Halfway.

**Q:** (T) Is the Linda Cortile case a set-up to discredit him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Everything that she says happened really happened to her?

**A:** In 4th density.

**Q:** (T) Well, all the abduction stuff was in 4 D, but being pulled out of the apartment from the 17th floor or wherever it was, and being sucked up in the beam of the light, that actually happened to her?

**A:** In 4th density.

**Q:** (T) How did people in 3rd density see it?

**A:** Only those who were tuned in saw it.

**Q:** (L) Were there people there who did not see it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What or who were some of the people who didn't see it?

**A:** Not important.

**Q:** (T) Can implants be removed?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the energy fueling Whitley Strieber and his work?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) He is an agent of the Grays?

**A:** No. Instrument of the Grays.

**Q:** (T) So, all his writing is compromised by the Grays?

**A:** Influenced by them.

**Q:** (T) Well, he says that, too. (L) Well, he now thinks he has learned how to be a companion of God through these experiences.

**A:** Wolfen reflects Lizzie reality.

**Q:** (L) Who's read the book, what's it about? (T) I saw the movie but I never read the book. I can't stand his Gothic style of writing. (L) I can't stand to read his stuff either. (T) I only got half-way through Communion and gave it up. (L) Well, let me ask, while we are on the subject of writing, is Anne Rice channeling her concepts in her vampire books?

**A:** She also is influenced by the Grays.

**Q:** (T) What about Stephen King?

**A:** Carnal influences.

**Q:** (T) He's writing from his cojones, eh? (laughter)

**A:** Okay, Terry.

**Q:** (L) Are there any further comments or do you want us to go on line now?

**A:** Yes. {break - discussion lost. Apparently someone said something that V took offense to, probably about her strong sex chakra emanations.}

**A:** V\_\_, do not be offended, we are all learning.

**Q:** (V) Well, thank you so much for the honesty from everybody in the room, I really appreciate it. (LM) I wasn't being honest, don't blame me. (V) What chakra level is G\_\_ operating at?

**A:** Chakras are like escalators, you choose your step and rise accordingly.

**Q:** (G) Well, I was hoping they would give me a number. I don't know much about chakras.

**A:** Learn.

**Q:** (T) The whole thing is that we are supposed to learn for ourselves. They will point us in the right direction, but then we are supposed to go out and do it. If you don't learn it on your own, you don't really learn. You have to go out and fall off the log a couple times to learn to walk the log. (V) E-- {her son} just told me about something that happened. Can you give me some insight?

**A:** Imagination.

**Q:** (V) Are the boys fine? Are the boys okay?

**A:** Boys will be boys.

**Q:** (V) They thought they saw a witch. (T) Who was she? It was the neighbor lady again. (L) Where was she and what was she doing? (V on phone to her son and friend) What do you mean over a car that just started? (V to people in room) Their imaginations are just going.

**A:** How do peyote users see Santa Claus? {laughter - V hangs up phone}

**Q:** (V) Are the boys doing drugs tonight?

**A:** Nope. (Undecipherable comment from G-- amidst laughter.) When did you last see this in Rochester, G--?

**Q:** (G) Never! {Much laughter}

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (V) That kind of smacks of Frank's "When did you ever see this in Half-Moon Bay, V\_\_?" (L) Where do you think Frank is getting it from? (V) Aren't we all being enlightened? (T) Is this...

**A:** Frank is channel. Others are grooving rapidly.

**Q:** (T) Others of us?

**A:** Yes. Forming conduit.

**Q:** (V) You were real happy to see all of us here together this evening...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Can we look forward to a greater group and a greater gathering as the year progresses?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Will it reach a point where there is too many people?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Is this like a community gathering? A society?

**A:** A conduit.

**Q:** (T) If I am not supposed to be at Home Shopping {his employer}, where am I supposed to be?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) Am I supposed to be doing another kind of a job or is there something entirely different that I am supposed to be doing?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to come to this awareness after he does some hypnotic work and processes?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) With meditation and metaphysical exercise, I can lift my chakras higher, is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Dedication?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is it all in what I perceive my purpose to be?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) {Indicating little plastic dinosaur on table by board} Do you like our little mascot here on the table?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (V) Do you have any messages for us before we say goodnight?

**A:** No. Goodnight.

**Q:** (L) Thank you very much.

END OF SESSION

