## February 22, 1995
Frank, Laura and SV

**Q:** (L) Cassiopaeans, are you with us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Iora

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask who was with us last Saturday night, was it one of the Cassiopaeans or were we pulling in some corruption?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) We were pulling in corruption last Saturday?

**A:** And us.

**Q:** (L) It was both?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the source and reason for the corruption?

**A:** Trailer.

**Q:** (L) What is a trailer?

**A:** Hanger on. Diverter of energy wave.

**Q:** (L) And how did we acquire or have this diverter?

**A:** You know.

**Q:** (L) In other words, it is as I suspected, that DM has brought in attachments because she is an agent of the Lizzies, though she is not aware of this?

**A:** Hormonally charged through their influences on her mind.

**Q:** (L) Would it be better to do the sessions without such individuals present?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, obviously since we don't want that kind of thing to happen anymore, the choice is already made. Okay, I would like to know, recently I watched a video at Jiles Hamilton's on psychic surgery. This, obviously, was the real thing. Am I correct in that assessment? {The video was made and presented by Henry Belk.}

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No?! What was happening?

**A:** Fakery and "demonic" influences to delusion, now, strict warning: avoid at all cost!!

**Q:** (L) Avoid what at all cost, psychic surgery?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is pretty heavy duty. (F) They almost never say anything like that. (L) I would like to know for the benefit of somebody else who asked the question: What is the origin of AIDS?

**A:** Simian mutation.

**Q:** (L) A monkey virus, in other words.

**A:** Was, but mutated.

**Q:** (L) Who is the individual or group responsible for this mutation?

**A:** Not humans.

**Q:** (L) Well then, who?

**A:** Lizards acting in conjunction with destined frequency path.

**Q:** (L) And what is the purpose of the infliction of the AIDS virus on the human race?

**A:** Not determined.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know how many lifetimes I have had as a human being?

**A:** That is open to definition.

**Q:** (L) Well, on planet Earth.

**A:** Including Neanderthal?

**Q:** (L) No, we'll just pass that up.

**A:** Okay, then it is 79 in broken sequence.

**Q:** (L) Broken by what?

**A:** Other planes.

**Q:** (L) The same question for Frank?

**A:** Same exactly.

**Q:** (L) How many for SV? Same?

**A:** No. Not correct definition of answer.

**Q:** (L) What would be correct for her?

**A:** Not same exact sequence. 72 plus 4 as special learning channel "hold back" on contemplative plane AKA 5th density level.

**Q:** (L) SV is a 5th level soul?

**A:** No. Spent 4 sequence hold overs there.

**Q:** (L) Now this is curious. Why do Frank and I have these 79 lives in the exact same sequence? Isn't that a little odd?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How many lifetimes have the three of us in this room worked together?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Now, you said that the Jews were Atlantean descendants, and that Noah was an Atlantean...

**A:** Most of them.

**Q:** (L) What is the significance of this relating to their religion and their experiences and the current state of the Jews?

**A:** Was Jews in "holocaust" only.

**Q:** (L) Is the Jewish religion somewhat similar to the Atlantean religion?

**A:** Did you understand the previous answer?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the Jews were the only ones in the holocaust?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the Jews were not the only ones in the holocaust?

**A:** No special karmic significance to being "Jewish", special significance is experiencing holocaust for purpose of purging extraordinary karmic debt.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I got it. Now, is the Jewish religion similar to the Atlantean religion?

**A:** Not one religion only. Many "religions."

**Q:** (L) Now, I would also like to know: last January we had a lot of booming sounds which were reported to the local sheriff's office. The papers reported that they were military planes on maneuvers. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I guess we are done for now. Is Frank going to have enough money to pay his bills? {He had spent several hours before the session complaining about his finances.}

**A:** If aided by group.

**Q:** (L) We would like to have this project bring income so that we can devote more of our time to it. Is it going to become self-supporting?

**A:** Eventually, yes, but immediately no, because of veil of skepticism combined with relentless 4th density level originating attacks. Beware of those who profess great interest; agents of STS are preparing many false guides, as you have already seen.

**Q:** (L) What can we do to protect ourselves from this?

**A:** Suggestion: "Buttonhole" in point blank fashion those who promise assistance or interest in indefinite way!

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Good question; when someone greets you at a function and gets your hopes up regarding helping you to further this most important work, demand immediate proof regarding their sincerity and credibility!!!

**Q:** (L) And if they don't prove their credibility and sincerity?

**A:** Drop them at once!!!

**Q:** (L) In other words, don't waste our time with deadbeats?

**A:** Or agents with ill intentions, either conscious or unconscious, don't be afraid to confront directly immediately and openly.

**Q:** (Frank) If somebody comes up and says to us: "I can do this or that for you" or "I'm interested" or whatever, we must tell them right off the bat that it is very nice that they are interested, but they must understand that we are under attack because of our work, so we have to know that they are serious and honest and good intentioned. (L) So, how do we get them to prove their sincerity? (SV) Get out the checkbook! (L) Is that it?

**A:** Well, that can take many forms, but awhile ago, you asked about financial assistance, so why not say "put your money where your mouth is," or something akin to that?

**Q:** (L) Well, that's it for the night. Thank you very much for being with us.

END OF SESSION

