## March 18, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan, Brad, Sue

**Q:** (T) Good Evening.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Usurro.

**Q:** And, where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have you been listening to our discussion?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) And, do you have any comments to make on the assistance factor? {It was a discussion about a guy who wrote to me about "alien resistance" and his catalog of stuff to fight aliens, eliminate their influence, etc.}

**A:** Comments a plenty.

**Q:** (T) Comment away.

**A:** Prejudice.

**Q:** (L) What does prejudice refer to?

**A:** Thor Templar's views.

**Q:** (L) His views are prejudiced. Okay, can you tell us, does he actually have material or techniques that can cause implants to dissolve and be flushed out of the body?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why does he think he does?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is he who he says he is?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) He says he is the Lord High Commander of the Alien Resistance Movement to protect the planet Earth from alien beings. Is this who he is?

**A:** If he wishes.

**Q:** (T) Cool. I'm the Lord High Pooh bah myself. (L) Are any of the items in his catalogue worth spending money on, such as the radionics devices?

**A:** Make good conversation pieces.

**Q:** (L) Is there any kind of third density technological devices that we could build that would, for example, keep our environment clean in terms of vibrations, protect us, or erect a barrier against attack?

**A:** Review.

**Q:** (L) What have they said on that subject? (J) I don't remember. (T) When we asked about building a TDARM, they said: "Sure, we can tell you, but where are you going to get the parts?" The point is, the technology the fourth density beings are working with, we can't build.

**A:** All you need is knowledge.

**Q:** (T) I think Thor is missing the point about the knowledge.

**A:** If you have the knowledge, what else do you need? Now, think carefully and multidimensionally.

**Q:** (L) Well, a TDARM would be nice to start off with. (T) There's one buried on Oak Island, go dig it up.

**A:** No, order from Sears.

**Q:** (S) You want me to bring over their catalogue? You can start looking. (J) Is it in the Spring catalogue? {Laughter.} (L) So, we can't get a TDARM. (T) Well, you can, but you have to get the right catalogue.

**A:** Discuss Thor's tape, and we will address points one by one, if you wish!

**Q:** (L) The first point that he made was that, since you don't give us practical material information that we can make machines and weapons with, that you must be giving us disinformation and maybe you are the Lizzies?

**A:** Distorted representation of what Thor said, suggest listen again!

**Q:** (L) Well, I was just sort of boiling it down. Okay...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (F) I thought it said what you said it said. (J) What he wants is a marketable item he can make money from.

**A:** Interpretation only, Jan.

**Q:** (J) Well, why else... I mean, here is a fellow that markets this stuff...

**A:** He was implying the information we have given you is invalid or not of practical use in general, do you believe this to be true?

**Q:** (T) That's very true, he was. (J) No, I don't believe that! (L) No, I don't believe this to be true, but we do need to....

**A:** Sense doubt.

**Q:** (L) Well, yes, you sense some doubts because he has pointed out that we should be able to get financial assistance here since that is the biggest way we have been getting attacked. And, obviously, if you are who you say you are, you should be able to do this, right?

**A:** Who says not in progress, and must it be instantaneous?

**Q:** (S) Yeah, look, you got the van. (L) That's true. (S) And all the little things that have been happening here and there? I have been getting more clients...

**A:** He makes it sound as if we should materialize 100 dollar bills on board! We have told you that you must learn in order to make progress as souls, this does not happen any faster than your abilities to absorb and process!!!

**Q:** (J) We know that. (T) Thor just wants what he wants and he wants it now, he wants to defend himself against aliens that he has no concept of. (J) We are just trying to understand what this guy is all about. (T) He really doesn't understand. He doesn't have the faintest idea what is happening out there.

**A:** His thought is that his own personal notions of what should transpire are gospel.

**Q:** (L) Are his intentions good?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, what I told him was to put his money where his mouth is and this was his reaction. So, I think we can determine his motivations from this since that has been suggested to us as a test.

(J) It sounds to me more like he is looking to sell us his stuff.

(F) Yes, it does sound that way. And, he will naturally discount any information that says his little gadgets are not worth buying.

(B) He is trying to pick your brains to get something he can get rich off of.

(F) And or selling us on the idea of abandoning this and becoming followers of his group and helping him to market himself.

(L) Well, one of the things he says is that the Grays are thought-forms and then he wants to sell a material object to blast them! The Grays are cybergenetic constructs. They are just as real as you or I. If they died, or ceased functioning, we would be able to take them apart.

(T) They are extremely advanced cyborgs.

(F) As long as they die in third density.

(L) And, you know, the thing that Hillard told us, about the material evidence that disappears. {Hilliard was a rather mysterious man who had taken a liking to me after I gave a talk in Orlando to a UFO group that included CIA millionaire Henry Belk. I am convinced that Hilliard was involved in some way with the "Alien Autopsy" video because of his military background and other clues, and he was also a close friend of Edward Leedskalnin, the guy who built the Coral Castle. Hilliard died of a stroke on the very day that Ark and I were to visit him when he had said he was going to hand over certain documents to me.}

(F) And that is found throughout ufology.

(L) Hillard is this old guy who lives over in St. Cloud, who has the most incredible collection of UFO stuff I have ever seen. He has devoted 40 years of his life to this and. He knows or knew all the prominent researchers and has a lot of material that no one else I have ever met has. He is retired military and worked for NASA as a consulting engineer. He's been to Medugorjee to view the apparitions of the Virgin Mary and apparently has the ways and means to travel around to satisfy his curiosity. What he told us that what everybody in the public sector wants is material evidence and that there has been a lot of material evidence picked up from various sites around the world. But, once it is collected, it disappears! When he said that I immediately inferred that he was talking about someone in some conspiracy absconding with the evidence. I thought this was what he meant by "disappearing." But, he made it a little clearer when he said "they had cameras on it 24 hours a day, and it just DISAPPEARED!" I realized that what he meant was that it literally dematerialized. When he said this I said: "Oh. I understand that perfectly!" It makes perfect sense.

We have been dealing with this fourth density nature of the phenomenon, which, if it is that, it explains an awful lot of very strange stuff! Aliens walking through solid objects, appearing and disappearing before the eyes of witnesses, beaming people around on "light", being beyond the restrictions of time, appearing to specific persons in a group while, at the same time, being invisible to others. So, you hear about all this and at the same time you hear about the obvious material nature of the phenomenon: landing traces, changes in sites and people in contact with the UFOs and aliens, dead alien bodies, captured craft. So, you try to sort it all out, and it is so weird, and you try to understand it. But, when you understand it as a fourth density phenomenon, some of which is literally technological and not paranormal in the strict sense of the word, then it makes perfect sense.

And, with the hypnosis sessions I have done, there are always these alien guys moving around in the background, and I instruct the subject to see clearly what is going on, and they get a FLASH; and they say, God! the face was there for a second, but they can't get it back, and all they can say is "It looks like a dinosaur," or "it has scales on it." But that is all they can get. So, somewhere behind all this are these damned reptiles who, apparently, are other density.

(B) You said that when fourth density beings come into third density reality, they can only exist for a short period of time, and then they dematerialize back into their own reality because they can't hold the frequency?

(T) Yes, in some of the stuff you have where it talks about the Lizard beings, the reptiles, usually they are only involved for a short period of time. They are only seen every so often. They can only manifest themselves into this density for a short period of time, after which it is too draining. The Grays are projected into third density, and they can stay longer because they are engineered to do so, but they still maintain it for extended periods because some sort of power source is projecting them.

(B) That's why they take the abductees into their density where they can have some stability.

(T) It is easier for them to take us into fourth than for them to come into third. But, they abduct in different states. They don't always abduct the person physically. They can take the essence out of the body.

(L) We have been told through this source that a lot of the things that they do, such as extracting the soul, is actually a technological thing: fourth density technology. It is so far in advance of anything that we can conceive of, but, nevertheless, it is still technology.

(T) Which may explain their interest in the human ability to astrally project. We have an ability to remove our essence and transport it to other places even though we have little control over this and we are not entirely adept at it. It is somewhat random. They are interested in that ability and they are interested in our emotions, all these things that someone "from another planet" in a strictly physical sense, would not be interested in. Although I do believe that there are some of these sightings that are strictly from other third density planets.

(F) Let's ask about that.

**A:** Are those ideas gospel?

**Q:** (J) No, we are just trying to figure it out. (T) We should consider the source of Thor's ideas. We have to learn to sort through these things.

**A:** Yes. Part of the learning process.

**Q:** (T) Well, we have Brad M\_\_\_ with us this evening. He came with us to say hello. And, I think he has some questions.

**A:** Hello, Brad.

**Q:** (T) Brad had a dream the other night he wants to ask about. (B) I had a dream several nights ago, is this of significance to move to.... should I go into detail? (J) No. (L) No.

**A:** Explore relationships with blood relatives.

**Q:** (B) That is an interesting reading. (J) Yeah, it would work, wouldn't it? (B) Yes. I'm adopted and I have been thinking about finding my biological mother. I know her name and the town she is from, but I have never met her. I have never pursued it. (L) Maybe that is what the dream is telling you? (B) I don't think it is exactly related to that. The dream was about...

**A:** Yes. Indirectly; learn, continue to share.

**Q:** (B) The dream was very distinct. I went to the moon and I was taken to the interior of the moon, and there was a very realistic interior to the moon. There were some parts that were hollow inside. And, when I went inside a big cavern there was 1920's art deco style, and it was so clear. And, it was to learn more about who we are and where we are... (L) Did you know that, symbolically, the Moon represents the mother or the feminine principle? And, you are talking about going inside a "cavernous" area "inside" the Moon, or inside the "mother." The womb. (J) Twenties Art Deco? {laughter} (B) Yeah...

**A:** Thirties art deco.

**Q:** {Laughter} (S) Did it have something to do with Miami Beach? That's thirties art deco all over the place. (B) Yeah, I've been there a few times. (T) What did the thirties art deco...

**A:** Cross reference: perhaps your interest in UFOs and related has some connection to your bloodline?

**Q:** (B) So, if I was to explore this relationship... go back and find this woman who was my mother, she might be involved in some way with metaphysical subjects or UFOs?

**A:** More than you realize!!!!!

**Q:** (L) Maybe she's an alien! {Laughter.} (B) My mother's a Cassiopaean! (S) In disguise! An Orion! (T) Well, we are looking for an Orion. We are not going to find them, they are going to find us. (J) It's not like we can put an ad in the paper. (L) Why not? (J) No, no, no, no, no! (S) We'll give your phone number, Laura! {Laughter}

**A:** For Brad's benefit, Mars monuments are atlantean, some on Moon are others; are ET.

**Q:** (S) Yes. Edgar Cayce said that the Atlanteans were going to other planets...

**A:** Yes. With the same relative ease with which you would fly to Atlanta.

**Q:** (B) Strange!

**A:** Pun intended! Triple! What is the base root of the name?

**Q:** (B) Yeah, that's where I am moving later this year.

**A:** Plans change!

**Q:** (J) Is that just a general comment or a prediction?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (B) Is it for me?

**A:** Who else?

**Q:** (J) Are you saying he is not going to move to Atlanta?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) They are not going to tell you anymore. It was a big hint! Okay, we have a couple of questions to ask here. The first is: What is this big thing going around about the "Keys of Enoch?" James J. Hurtak, I believe, Is the author or "channel" or whatever. I would like to know what is the source of this material?

**A:** Various.

**Q:** (L) Can you be a little more specific for us?

**A:** Probe.

**Q:** (S) I never read the book. (L) I haven't either. (J) Well, maybe we need to do the research and get back to them later. (L) Would you say that these sources are reliable?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) What is it supposed to be about. (L) I don't know. Some woman is supposed to be coming next Saturday night from Atlanta to talk about it at Martie T\_\_\_'s. (T) From Atlanta? As easily as you fly from Atlantis? {Laughter} (L) Well, Martie wants us to come hear this gal teach on this subject. (T) As long as she is not going to read it! {Laughter} (F) No, but Martie is going to have a handout so that we can all follow along flipping the pages. (J) You guys are being nasty!

**A:** Martie T\_\_\_?

**Q:** (L) Is that a clue? (J) Is that a clue to consider the source?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Was that a question or a statement?

**A:** Up to you!

**Q:** (L) I want to ask again about the Urantia book. My reading of it tends to make me think that it is elitist and racist. Is that a valid assessment?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (S) Let's ask about Commander X and that stuff. (T) Yeah, who is Commander X? (L) The Cosmic Patriot Files. (T) He is a cosmic survivalist!

**A:** Does not wish to be identified.

**Q:** (T) Well, we know that. (L) What is his position?

**A:** Free will.

**Q:** (L) Is he in a position to know of which he speaks?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) And then again, maybe not. (L) I thought it was pretty good information. (F) It looks like a compilation. (L) Jan and I have a question. Hillard mentioned that the frogs are disappearing from the planet.

**A:** Ozone layer.

**Q:** (L) They are getting fried because of the loss of the Ozone layer?

**A:** Fried?

**Q:** {Laughter} (J) Where are they going? (T) The ozone layer is depleting and they are the first of the things we are really noticing as an effect of this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Where are they going? (T) They are not going anywhere, they are dying. (F) They are not reproducing.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (B) They have very sensitive skin. (T) Soon it is going to be affecting us all.

**A:** All part of the wave effects interconnecting realities.

**Q:** (L) Well, if it is having this effect on frogs, what is it going to do to us when it gets stronger?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Now, come on! This doesn't sound like a real pleasant thing. Don't you think you ought to give us just a little more on this? A clue here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Laughter} (T) Are they saying that the loss of the ozone layer is a direct result of the approaching wave? (J) They sure did! (T) The loss is not due to the fluorocarbons?

**A:** Misinterpretation, review statement thoroughly.

**Q:** (J) Is removal of the ozone layer part of the frequency "fixing?"

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) This is keyed on the frog phenomenon?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It's keyed on interconnecting realities.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the wave is causing the interconnecting of realities? (J) And the ozone layer is in the wave?

**A:** And causing actions which affect third density in myriad ways, close circle. Please "excuse" eavesdroppers.

**Q:** (J) Is someone eavesdropping? {Child in next room peeking around door who then exits to upstairs.}

**A:** Was, disrupts channel and can be harmful.

**Q:** (L) Well, they have repeatedly told us that the children must not be around during the sessions because it can be detrimental to them with their "open" or unformed energies. Back to the frogs. Interconnecting realities is the key. Myriad manifestations. (S) Maybe the frogs are going into a higher density? Affecting third density is the dying of the frogs, correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It is a symptom?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it is a symptom of interconnecting of realities. When you say interconnecting of realities...

**A:** No "of".

**Q:** (L) Okay, I've got it... the dying of the frogs is symptomatic on second density level of what is occurring on third density level. It's an expression, on that level, of what is happening here... (J) Or a warning... (L) Dying frogs... is that correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are the frogs moving from second density to third density?

**A:** Not that complex, perhaps you need to study transcripts more often, then you would not need to cover the same subject matter over and over!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Then we will drop it. (T) I want to go back to the "frogs are a symptom" of the overlapping realities. Realities, not densities. The frogs are dying because... (L) Because they feel sorry for us! (T) Yeah! Works for me! {Laughter} The frogs are dying because the ozone layer is becoming depleted. I think it is completely gone and they are lying to us about that.

(B) Maybe they are saying that all life is interconnected on the planet from their reality to our reality; from second density to third density... and there are warnings on all levels...

(J) Yeah: "See what is happening to the frogs now, wait and see what is going to happen to you guys later!

(B) Right.

(T) But this is because the ozone layer is depleted... but the ozone layer is depleting because of the chemicals we are dumping into the atmosphere, it is not going away, it is dissolving into other chemicals.

(L) But the Cassiopaens said that the ozone was depleting because of the wave.

(T) But, is the relationship of the ozone being depleted and the approaching wave, perhaps that the wave isn't causing the depletion, it's the Lizzies causing us to deplete the ozone layer in order to create suffering, in order to feed on this negative energy because of the approaching wave?

(L) Is the wave causing the ozone depletion?

**A:** Not directly.

**Q:** (L) But is the wave causing people to behave in a certain way so that they do things that cause...

**A:** You are getting warm...

**Q:** (L) The wave is causing the activities of the Lizzies to heat up as well as the good guys, and it is part of the conflict...

**A:** Colder...

**Q:** (T) Drop the Lizzies... (L) It is causing the destined actions to take place that are necessary for the closing of the Grand Cycle?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And the dying off of the frogs is part of this? Poor little frogs... I like frogs...

**A:** So are "earth changes."

**Q:** (J) Is the depletion of the ozone layer a part of the equation required for the wave...

**A:** In third density reality, it is important.

**Q:** (J) So, it is part of the natural progression of movement from third to fourth?

**A:** Let's try using the word "reflection," and see if that "rings a bell." Third into fourth.

**Q:** (L) Are the frogs going into fourth density?

**A:** No. No. No.

**Q:** (T) There were several questions in there. You said third into fourth...

**A:** And vice versa.

**Q:** (L) Well, I'm more confused than ever! (T) Reflection...

**A:** If you had been studying transcripts, you would not be!

**Q:** (T) Reflection is... there has been statements made that in sixth density STS balances STO in reflection only.

**A:** Ice cold.

**Q:** {Booo!} (J) Is the ozone layer a hole that allows it to reflect in both directions?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are new frogs being created to populate the earth?

**A:** Okay, here we go: Oncoming wave is a transformation from third density to fourth density so, events happening due to the approach of the wave are causing changes across densities and realities! In third density, you will notice changes that will have third density explanations, but they are a manifestation of the approach; you see them as third density because that is your current point of reference! Remember that all reflects in and cross all density levels but also there is a merging upon arrival of the wave, it is realm border crossing!!!!!!

**Q:** (J) Well, we are once again thinking third density. Please be patient with us. We aren't finished yet. (S) Does that mean we are half-baked? (T) Or half frogged! (L) I just thought that the Lizzies might like frog legs. {Laughter} (T) The Lizzies are French?

(F) I read something last night that said a scientist had been working at one of the bases, or he was a tech working at a super-secret complex somewhere, and he was working on something in some underground room and the elevator door opened and he saw, standing there, right before his eyes, a Lizard Being. He said that the elevator must have been malfunctioning because it wasn't supposed to stop at that level, and he wasn't supposed to see it. In another instance, someone saw two Grays working on something in a hangar and they were told by an MP to leave or they would be shot.

(L) Are these stories Frank is recounting about Lizzies being on elevators and Grays working in hangars, are these true stories or are they disinformation?

**A:** True.

**Q:** (L) Well, that settled that! Let me ask a couple of quick questions for my kid. She wants to know the source of the Voynich Manuscript.

**A:** Disinformation.

**Q:** (L) Who put it together?

**A:** Various sources.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Monetary gain.

**Q:** (L) So, somebody just faked up an ancient manuscript to sell it for big bucks?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Well, they did it with the Hitler diaries. (L) Her next question is: how are some people able to walk on fiery coals, pierce their bodies all over, or lie on a bed of nails without pain or permanent physical disfigurement.

**A:** Mentalism.

**Q:** (L) What causes some planes, people and ships to disappear in the Bermuda Triangle. Where do they go and what happens to them?

**A:** Already covered this.

**Q:** (S) Yeah, the Atlantean pyramid.

**A:** Yes. EM waves caused by same.

**Q:** (L) Where do they go when they disappear?

**A:** Of course some are just crashes and sinkings, but when accompanied by unusual phenomena, it is because of irregular anomalies.

**Q:** (L) Where do they go? (T) They don't go anywhere, they go to the bottom. (S) Fifth density.

**A:** To parallel reality.

**Q:** (L) Is this parallel reality like being on a parallel earth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by a parallel reality?

**A:** Varies according to circumstances.

**Q:** (L) What happened to the infamous Flight 19? (T) They went to Philadelphia.

**A:** They are still trying to get their bearings.

**Q:** (L) Ooooh! (J) Oh! My God! Oh, how horrible! They are still out there trying to get back. (T) They are in a parallel reality... (L) Where time doesn't exist... (T) They are in a reality that holds them in frozen space/time over the ocean, am I getting this right?

**A:** In their thought reference, like being "lost souls."

**Q:** (L) Oooh, bummer! Does this mean that they are "stuck" in time? (J) You got it!

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that they could fly out of this place that they are stuck in and back into our reality?

**A:** Absolutely, remember, the wave is approaching, and as it gets "nearer", more and more unusual events take place, witness crop circles, for example.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything anyone can do to release persons stuck in these parallel realities and bring them back into the reality of origin?

**A:** Yes, but the technology is a closely guarded secret.

**Q:** (L) Do you know the secret?

**A:** Yes, but you do too!

**Q:** (L) I do too? (T) Does Thor know it? {Laughter.}

**A:** Mirth!

**Q:** (L) I know the secret too?...

**A:** Philadelphia Experiment.

**Q:** (L) Since you mentioned the Philadelphia Experiment, could you tell us in specific detail, how this was done? What kind of machines were used and how can we build one? {General uproar and laughter}

**A:** Do you intend to sit here for a day or two?

**Q:** (J) In other words, it would take a day or two to give us the information? (T) Yeah, we got the time. Get some paper and a pencil. (L) We will save that for another time. (T) Let's start with a diagram and send it to Thor.

**A:** In short, build an EM generator.

**Q:** (L) Here's another of the kid's questions: When and why did homosexuality originate?

**A:** It originated when sexuality did.

**Q:** (L) What is the world's oldest language, at least of those known to today's world?

**A:** Sanskrit.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of Sanskrit?

**A:** Atlantean roots.

**Q:** (L) What is the karma involved with Siamese twins and why are some more joined than others?

**A:** too complex and not important.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that is the last of her questions, at the present time we would like to go through some....

**A:** Now, some more information about Flight 19. Do you remember a few years ago that a team of researchers claimed to have found the planes, then retracted?

**Q:** (L) Yes, I remember. {All agree.}

**A:** Did you find this to be curious?

**Q:** (S) Yes, because the planes that they found were never reported missing. (T) Yes. (L) Is that why it was so curious? (J) Why did they retract? (S) Where did the planes come from that they found?

**A:** Yes, if only you knew the details, and how three of the team have required massive psychiatric aid.

**Q:** (L) Well, tell us the details!

**A:** Patience, we are, but must do so slowly so you have some hope of grasping it.

**Q:** (T) Three of the recovery team needed psychiatric treatment?

**A:** What they found were five planes matching the description, and "arranged" in a perfect geometric pattern on the bottom of the ocean, but the serial numbers did not match.

**Q:** (L) Is the geometric pattern itself significant?

**A:** Now, first mystery: There were no other instances of five Avengers disappearing at once. Second: Two of the planes had strange glowing panels with unknown "hieroglyphics" where there should have been numbers. Third: When they tried to raise one of the planes, it vanished, then reappeared, then vanished again then reappeared while attached to the guide-wire, then finally slipped off and fell to the bottom. Fourth: In one of the planes, on the bottom, live human apparitions in WWII uniforms were temporarily seen by three exploratory divers and videotaped by a guide camera. Lastly: Three of the planes have since disappeared. All of this is, naturally, being kept secret!

**Q:** (S) I wonder where the planes came from. (L) That is the obvious question!

**A:** Parallel reality, you see, when something crosses into another reality, it accesses something called, for lack of a better term, the "thought plane", and as long as that reality is misunderstood, the window remains open, thus all perceptions of possibility may manifest concretely, though only temporarily, as thought plane material is constantly fluid.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that this was a "Flight 19" of a parallel reality that went through a window into our reality?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was this part of or connected to the loss of our "Flight 19?" Did we exchange realities here?

**A:** It is the thought patterns that effect the reality, when that window is opened, all thought can become physical reality, though only temporarily.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that the divers' and searchers' thoughts about this became reality?

**A:** And all others.

**Q:** (T) All others involved in the search?

**A:** All others on the planet.

**Q:** (T) Even those that did not believe that the searchers were going to find them?

**A:** Yes. Researchers found what they expected to find, but when others heard the news, other things started to happen according to which thought patterns dominated.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, if somebody believed that it was Flight 19, it appeared, and if somebody did not believe it was Flight 19, it disappeared?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Oh jeez! (T) Well, I didn't believe it to begin with... (L) So, I guess we won! (F) We sent some poor guys into the psychiatric ward. (T) The planes appeared because people... (L) No, I think the searchers went looking for this and because there was a window there... (T) the planes showed up exactly as they expected to see them, in a formation... But the planes would not have come down as described there, and they appeared in a formation on the bottom. That should have told the searchers something right there. When I heard that they had found those planes in a formation, that close together, that bothered me. (F) Even if something sinks to the bottom, it won't arrive there in the position it started at the top. (T) And what they did find after they started checking the records, was that there are about 200 of those planes crashed along the coast. And, there was another guy who said that he found one of those planes, only it wasn't one of Flight 19. And, while he was out there looking for it, he found parts of the shuttle... (L) That reminds me, when the Challenger crashed, were the astronauts still alive when they hit the water, and did they continue to live for any length of time after they hit?

**A:** Four were alive but died instantly on impact with the water.

**Q:** (L) Are we done with the Bermuda Triangle? (T) I have a question... what happened to the PBA plane that went out searching for Flight 19?

**A:** Still trying to find the Avengers.

**Q:** (T) Is it in the same parallel reality with Flight 19?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Will it ever find them?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) In the perception of the crew of Flight 19, how much time has passed?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (J) So, they have no idea. (S) I wonder if they will come back to our time or go back to their time?

**A:** Your perception.

**Q:** (L) We talked about doing a DNA count...

**A:** Will not answer. Up to you to discover.

**Q:** (L) Jan went through an experience lately, what does it relate to? Is it significant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What does it signify?

**A:** Awareness expansion.

**Q:** (L) Jan wanted to ask if there is any significance to the trashy confrontations currently on talk shows?

**A:** Immaterial.

**Q:** (L) Jan also wants to know what is serotonin?

**A:** Laura answer.

**Q:** (L) Serotonin is a hormone secreted by the Pineal gland and is also secreted in the mid-brain and is related to feelings of well-being, mood altering, and you suffer from lack of serotonin if you don't get enough sleep. The other day we were discussing the fact that infants on mother's milk do not produce much waste. Is there any diet that adult humans could eat that would be assimilated as well?

**A:** Less, but for no waste, just wait for fourth density.

**Q:** (L) We would like to know what the Christian Cross represents at a deeper level?

**A:** Part of the Lizzie disinformation campaign, sorry!

**Q:** (L) I thought that! Remember, the cross represents the "death" which never occurred. (J) The reason we wanted to ask that was because Brad wanted to know if the symbol had anything to do with "Realm Border Crossing."

**A:** Cross is "cross" in English only.

**Q:** (L) Sometime ago we ask some questions about different lifetimes and S\_\_ was told that she spent four sequences held over as a "special learning channel" or "hold back on contemplative level." What does that mean?

**A:** Self-explanatory.

**Q:** (J) I hate it when they say that.

**A:** Learn!

**Q:** (L) Wait a minute, there is a distinction: was she the one doing the learning or was she helping someone else to learn? I understand "learning channel." (T) It's on cable...

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) It wasn't because she was bad? She didn't get "held back in school?"

**A:** Improper concept.

**Q:** (S) Why, when holding acupuncture points on Laura, do I get the sweats?

**A:** Because you are undergoing changes relating to the approach of the wave.

**Q:** (L) Is this significant of the work she is doing?

**A:** Unrelated.

**Q:** (L) Has Jan's brother ever been abducted?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Is there any elitism involved in interactions between other densities?

**A:** What?

**Q:** (L) I guess not. We have heard some things about D\_\_ W\_\_. We have heard that he was behind the Eddie Page fiasco. Is this true?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, then goodnight.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

