## October 21, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV, LM [Laura's husband at that time]

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yzgorra.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from, Yzgorra?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (SV) How do you pronounce that name? (L): Wy-za-gorra? Is that correct, would you pronounce the "Y" as an "I" ?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, We would like to ask our questions.

**A:** Remember, Cassiopaea is our transmission point, not our home.

**Q:** (L) OK, we remember. We were talking just a few minutes ago about the symbol that appeared that was similar to a crop circle on LM's] driveway, and we would like to know if you can access for us the source of that symbol. Who put that symbol there?

**A:** Grey alien species number 4.

**Q:** (LM) What made them come to my house?

**A:** Complex.

**Q:** (L) Can you just give a little indication? We won't go into it too deeply, but, just a little indication?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there some significance to this that we should ask it at a later time?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) OK, why can't we know this?

**A:** Too complicated for receptors.

**Q:** (L) OK, was this sign put there, just in a general sense, as a wake-up call to LM?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was it put there as a warning?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did the putting of it there manifest a certain energy at that location?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Did the putting of that sign there, or the interaction of that event cause changes in his life? Or stimulate changes?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Well, let me put it this way, were the changes in his life shortly after that, as a result of that interaction?

**A:** Interrelated, not causative.

**Q:** (L) OK, was anybody abducted at that time?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) OK, they're not going to tell us any more about it.(LM) What does 'open' mean? (L) That they're not going to tell us any more about it. (LM) Why? (SV) It's too complicated... (L) It's either too complicated, or it's something you can't hear right now because it would violate your free will to know it in advance. (LM) Well, if it was either, some of it was, they'd say yes or no. See what I'm saying? (L) It's not that simplistic. OK, we want to talk about the... Well, let me ask this - am I right in the feeling that I have that living out in that area was for me, how do I put it, a very transformative experience?

**A:** Not because of locator.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have very often had feelings that there were, like, some real unpleasant spirits in that area. hanging around there. Am I correct in that? Real unpleasant energies...

**A:** Do you suppose said entities are restricted by 3rd density constraints.

**Q:** (L) Well, no, so what does that mean?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) OK, are you saying that such entities as I felt were present there may not have been just specifically located there, but it was possible for them to be anywhere?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (SV) That's probably what the Lizzies thought about us! (L) Well, I want to check that out. They'd probably just stomp us. (SV) Well, the Nephilim do...

[Break for coffee]

**Q:** (L) We're back. I want to talk about the Roswell video that we've all watched. Now Terry continues to insist that it was not Roswell, that there's something... He just can't get into it. I would like to know if that video is of alien beings that were retrieved from the crash of Roswell.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK. Why did so many people report seeing aliens that had only four fingers and [toes], you know, like the standard greys?

**A:** Multiple subjects.

**A:** OK, so there was more than one type of alien on that one craft?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, the story that came from the camera man who shot the video was that there were these four beings. One was dead, and three were standing outside the craft, crying and clutching boxes to their chests. Is this an accurate...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What were those boxes?

**A:** Storage of translation matrix group to individual, emotion stabilization units.

**Q:** (L) What is a translation Matrix?

**A:** Translates foreign thought patterns, not needed except in emergency loss of electromagnetic grid wave.

**Q:** (L) OK, what is an emotion stabilization unit used for?

**A:** Variety of uses, mostly for survival by neutralizing thoughts of harm by emotionally charged beings, not accustomed to shocking turn of events.

**Q:** (L) Were the harmful thoughts that they were designed to neutralize, thoughts of other beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, they didn't work very well, did they?

**A:** Did not have chance to activate.

**Q:** (L) OK, so if they had had the opportunity to activate these boxes, they would have been more or less able to extricate themselves from this unpleasant situation?

**A:** Not extricate, lessen negative aspects.

**Q:** (L) OK, how many beings were in this particular craft that crashed?

**A:** 21.

**Q:** (L) How come the reports say there were only four?

**A:** Reports are suppressed and fragmented, as far fewer individuals witnessed interior of craft!!

**Q:** (L) OK, was this two crafts striking each other, or was it one craft malfunctioning?

**A:** Two.

**Q:** (L) OK, it was two craft hitting each other? Is that correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) There were two complete craft that came down?

**A:** Bouncing off ionized waves between two craft traveling in tandem.

**Q:** (L) OK, was one of these craft totally destroyed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And all the beings in the one that was totally destroyed were incinerated, or blown to bits, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Did some of them eject?

**A:** 4th density.

**Q:** (L) OK, they knew it was coming and they went into 4th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) They were 4th density beings, and therefore when they blew to bits, they disappeared, is that it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) OK, now of the 21 that were in the craft that was captured, so to speak, there were four outside the craft when it was approached, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then that would mean that there were 17 inside... Of these 21 beings, how many were greys, the standard grey lizzie-probe type being?

**A:** Most.

**Q:** (L) Were there other kinds of beings in there?

**A:** Human.

**Q:** (L) There was one human in there also?

**A:** 5.

**Q:** (L) There were 5 humans inside? So we have... (LM) Why? (L) Why were those humans in the craft?

**A:** Retrieval and study specimens, two big foot types.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that the humans that they had in there were retrieval and study specimens, or otherwise known as abductees?

**A:** Deceased.

**Q:** (L) Oh, they were dead humans. Wonderful. Did they abduct them dead? Or did they abduct them alive?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did they abduct them alive and then kill them?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were they dead as a result of the crash?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, then, what's the story here, I mean, what other choices do I have?

**A:** Retrieved.

**Q:** (L) Ohh, these were beings that had been retrieved at death and remolecularized? Is that what you are referring to, what we discussed before?

**A:** 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Were they remolecularized in third density? Is that what you are saying?

**A:** Retrieved in 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) OK, tell me once again what it means for a being, a human to be retrieved.

**A:** Picked up after expiration.

**Q:** (L) OK, so they picked up dead bodies, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (LM) Why? (L) To study them. OK, did they plan to reanimate these corpses?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Do they ever pick up dead bodies, you know, right after, and reanimate them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When they pick them up and reanimate them, do they reanimate them with the souls that left them? Do they like, catch the soul and put it back in?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When they reanimate them, do they reanimate them with an alien soul?

**A:** Multiple possibilities.

**Q:** (L) If they reanimate them, is it possible to reanimate them with no soul?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, when they reanimate them with no soul, do they have kind of like a zombie-like situation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, could you give us a little more information on this particular aspect? If they reanimate them with no soul, what is the animating force or energy?

**A:** Indistinguishable from other humans.

**Q:** (L) They're indistinguishable from other humans. (LM) How is that possible?

**A:** Technology makes all things possible!!!

**Q:** (L) Of course, you are talking about 4th density technology?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, a reanimated corpse that has been animated by infusion of some form of an energy pattern... (SV) Is it 'chi' energy, maybe? (L) What if the reanimated corpse dies again, I mean, you have got to understand here, that we perceive the soul as being the animating force of the physical body, and when the soul is gone, the body dies. Is that correct?

**A:** You are making assumptions based on limited data.

**Q:** (L) OK, well, will you expand my database by telling me how a corpse can be reanimated if not done by a... if not with a soul?

**A:** Complex technology, using electronic bio-generation frequency matching, combined with extremely high frequency radio beacon transmitters for tracking and control of all functions, including thought pattern mimic and emotional frequency vibrational rate modulation!!!!

**Q:** (L) If they're doing this, does it make the physical body...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The blood, the heartbeat and everything...

**A:** All functions, including cellular, duplicated.

**Q:** (SV) What about the aura? (L) Would a being such as this still have an aura?

**A:** Projected.

**Q:** (L) OK, that would be projected, along with all of the frequencies, and everything else. Now... (SV) Are there a lot of dead people walking around?

**A:** This is method used for subjects discussed in "Matrix Material" instead of "Robots", as suggested.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way that a normal person would be able to identify such a being?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Approximately how many of this type of being are walking around on our planet, acting like normal people?

**A:** 2,000,000.

**Q:** (L) Approximately 2 million?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK...

**A:** You, Laura, have come in contact with 7 of them!

**Q:** (L) Who are they?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Can you give me a clue, has it been within the last... (SV) Am I one of them? (laughter) Well, you never know! (L) Are any of us one of them?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (SV) Ask if you've done spirit release on any of these seven? (L) Has this contact happened within the past year?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to tell me anything about it at all? If there is any question I could ask to get any information concerning this, consider it asked.

**A:** Who is nutritionist?

**Q:** (SV) Who do you know that's a nutritionist? Isn't she a nutritionist, the one that wrote that book? (L) Do you mean Susan S\_\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (LM) I find that hard to believe. (F) Is Susan S\_\_\_ a robot? (LM) When did she die?

**A:** Open. All it takes is a "hospital visit."

[Laura's note: To my knowledge, Susan S\_\_\_\_ has been hospitalized for surgery at least twice.]

**Q:** (LM) Then what happens? (SV) All what takes? (LM) It doesn't make sense. (L) Maybe there's a death certificate for her...

**A:** Yes it does.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean if one goes into a hospital for surgery, that it's possible for them to die and be reanimated in this manner? Without anybody being aware of what happened?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (LM) Why? (L) Well, we know why, because they're creating a force, you know, putting it in place all over the planet so they can take over... We already know that! Is that correct?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (LM) What's open mean? (L) Open means that's not absolutely determined yet, at this time, that's not something that they're just... it could be, yes. (L) So, you're saying that Susan S\_\_\_ was one of these robotoids, is that what you 're saying?

**A:** We gave you one for your own knowledge and protection, but cannot give you others at this juncture.

[Laura's note: Does this mean they can be given at another time, after a particular, destined interaction takes place?]

**Q:** (L) Is it up to me to figure out what characteristics these individuals have, in order to...

**A:** Based upon data given, yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, is one of the - I mean, I'm clicking [through mental data files] right now - one of the characteristics I think, that these kind of individuals might have, since they have this projected emotional frequency, would be a repeating emotional pattern, that they just simply, in spite of seeming intelligence, do not seem to learn from anything; that it just repeats over and over again, is that a clue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (SV) Wait a minute, was that her idea, that we should eat like the monkeys do? (L) Yes. (SV) And then you've read about... saw the Jane Goodall film that talked about the fact that monkeys like to eat... (L) Other monkeys, yes. (SV) And what did she say when you told her about that? (L) She said, , "Well, I'll just say:" and she changed the entire paragraph to read "That in the wild, primates eat primarily vegetation with some amounts of protein," and no specification as to where the protein came from. That's really stretching it. (SV) She should have just left it out... (LM) That doesn't make any sense... (L) Now, there are some strange things about her, I'll have to admit that. OK, then, this same inability to get a clue about what's going on... OK, that's a clue, right there. Is there any kind of instinctual sensation that one would get about these types of individuals?

**A:** Bland.

**Q:** (L) That they're bland in some way? Is that it, that these individuals are bland individuals?

**A:** Spend inordinate amounts of "time" in solitude.

**Q:** (L) Well, that means Frank's one! Frank's kind of bland! And he spends a lot of time in solitude. (SV) A lot of people do! (L) So, is Frank one?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (LM) So, if you put a lead shield up around him, he'd collapse! (L) We're teasing you, Frank! I didn't mean it! (SV) He's not bland, though! Frank's anything but bland! (L) Is my husband one?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (SV) Am I one? (L) Of course not! Don't be silly! Now, let's stop a second. Now, we had several questions, and one of the questions was...

**A:** Bland is not universal in this situation, just a clue for you to identify individual.

**Q:** (L) OK, one is a nutritionist, one is very bland. Is that what we're getting at?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) OK, bland is just part of it.

**A:** Not key component, more likely to be spreading of disinformation.

**Q:** OK, is John W\_\_\_ one?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, John W\_\_\_ has got some stuff, because, I tell you what, you tell him something logically, it's almost like he's got a pre-set program that runs, and the minute you get to the point where you almost might possibly think he can get the connection because your evidence and logic are overwhelming... then it just shuts down and he repeats the program. And it just amazes me that people can be that way. OK, have we... I guess you're not going to tell us any more about this. Do these beings know what they are?

**A:** Not conscious beings!

**Q:** (L) They're not conscious beings, so, they just react to you as though they are being remote controlled. (SV) So, if you told one of them what they were...

**A:** Are being remote controlled.

**Q:** (L) OK, do we have any more questions on this subject? (SV) So, if you told one of them what they were, they'd agree with you? (L) No, they'd probably disagree with you. (SV) Yes, being remote controlled... (L) Whoever is in charge would not want you to know it, so they'd naturally deny it vehemently. (SV) Then they'd probably come and get you... (L) Yes, no doubt about that. Now, what is the purpose of putting 2 million of these kind of critters on the planet? Can you give us a clue?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Why is Terry so determined to criticize or break down or discredit in one way or another this autopsy video?

**A:** Serving emotional agenda.

**Q:** (L) And what is his emotional agenda in this case?

**A:** Supports strongly held beliefs.

**Q:** (L) OK, and these strongly held belief are that what... What are these strongly held beliefs that he has that he's trying to support this way?

**A:** Not important.

**Q:** (L) OK, so Terry's beliefs are not important to this issue. I want to ask one insert question here before we go on to other things here. I have a book called "Freemasonry and The Ancient Egyptians", it's got a black cover. I can't find it anywhere. I want to know, did I lend it out to someone?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) I'm trying to, and I can't, my mind, my memory is just shot since that accident. I'm telling you, I can't hold on to some things that I just used to really be able to hang on to. Can you tell me, can you give me some kind of indication where this book might be found?

**A:** You can find it.

**Q:** (L) I can find it, in other words, it's in my house somewhere?

**A:** We do not help you learn by "leading" by the hand, book is easily accessible.

**Q:** (L) OK, so, it's around someplace. (SV) Maybe it's in your room. Maybe the kids have it. (L) I cleaned my room today. (SV) Maybe one of the kids have it. (L) It may be in my room. I bet I know where it is. It's under my dresser, and I'll look for it later. [Laura's note: My daughter had borrowed without mention. When I started asking for help to find it, it was returned.] OK, where is the Ark of the Covenant currently located?

**A:** Alternative 3.

**Q:** (L) Alternative 3 is the plan to take all the people, all the smart guys, all the elite, off the planet and leave everybody else here to blow up, isn't it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Where is it currently located?

**A:** Maybe not. Discover.

**Q:** (L) We're trying to discover through our interaction with you! How else can we discover something as obscure as this? I mean, that's a pretty darned obscure question, I would think. (SV) Who's in charge of Alternative 3, Laura? (L) That's too complicated.... (SV) Well, maybe they have it, whoever's in charge of it. (L) well, are you going to tell us anything about it?

**A:** Study alternative 3 to find answer!

**Q:** (L) OK, the Matrix Material says that Henry Kissinger is the current head of MJ12. Is this correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is he just a red herring, so to speak?

**A:** Yes. MJ12 is no longer MJ12.

**Q:** (L) What is MJ12 now known as?

**A:** Institute of Higher Learning.

**Q:** (L) Are you talking about Brookings Lab, or Brookhaven?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (L) Is it a specific institute of higher learning?

**A:** Yes.

[Later note: after studying Alternative 3, it appears that it is probably Princeton.]

**Q:** (L) The other night, when we were talking about the underground laboratories and the taking of the MIA and KIA individuals from W.W.II, that would seem to imply that the underground tunnel system and the alien activity that has been going on there has been going on a lot longer than since 1947, is this correct?

**A:** Yes, but in much less intensive form.

**Q:** (L) OK, it's gotten a lot more intensive since 1947 or thereabouts. Well, the thing that I want to know: is there any relationship between these underground laboratories and facilities and our cultural concept of Hell ?

**A:** Not in such a simplistic sense.

**Q:** (L) Well, I'm just curious as to whether the concept of Hell being underground, where people were tortured and worked on and all kinds of miseries going on arose from some people who escaped from, or psychically intuited...

**A:** Link, but not unified.

**Q:** (L) Is there a Hell?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I'd like to know what the prophecies that were given to the children at Fatima tell about the planet, the prophecies that are supposedly sealed up in possession of the Catholic Church.

**A:** False.

**Q:** (L) OK, then, they were false, so we don't have to worry about them, in any event, is that what you're saying?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) This underground tunnel that's under my house, is this underground tunnel just a link, or is it occupied a great deal of the time?

**A:** Fragmented inquiry.

**Q:** (L) What I want to know, is this tunnel that's under the house, which you have said is straight down under my house, is it a tunnel... is there like a laboratory under the house, or is it just a tunnel that's used for traveling from one facility to another?

**A:** Closer to latter.

**Q:** (L) Closer to a traveling point. (SV) What about the base over at Anclote? (L) Does the tunnel under my house go to Anclote base?

**A:** Portal.

**Q:** (L) Which is a portal? The base at Anclote?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So that's just a portal. Is it a large facility? You said it was a small facility. Is it just a portal, or is there a working facility there?

**A:** Portal.

**Q:** (L) When I had [Candy] under hypnosis and I told her to travel along psychically and to read the minds of the aliens, and ask them, or inquire of them what the purpose of the implants were, the response she got was that it was like connecting a bunch of speakers, and once all the speakers were connected, then the stereo was turned on. What does this mean?

**A:** Unit group mind. Activation.

**Q:** (L) So what will happen when they, as she said, turn on the stereo?

**A:** Wait and See.

**Q:** (L) Well, earlier today I was thinking to myself that they way I feel right now must be very similar to the way animals in the forest feel on the opening day of hunting season. I mean, it's like every so many thousands of years, it's hunting season on planet Earth.

**A:** You are aware, 2nd density is not.

**Q:** (L) Is it still, in a sense, like hunting season? Are they just here... I mean, according to this Matrix material, they plan on decimating our entire planet, either with disease, or taking over their bodies...

**A:** Some is disinformation, and your energy is draining rapidly now, so must go for now. Good bye.

END OF SESSION

