## January 2, 1995
Frank and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who is with us?

**A:** Rivia.

**Q:** (L) And, where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Have you been listening to Frank talk about his woes and miseries?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What do you have in response to his woes and miseries, since he is the primary channel, it seems to me that it ought to behoove you to give him some kind of a word on this matter...

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean it is open? Is he going to...

**A:** Is under attack, as previously described.

**Q:** (L) Well, would it not behoove him to not respond negatively in thought word or deed and to take care of business as best he can and trust that it will all work out? Because, by becoming all discombobulated, he is giving off negative energy...

**A:** His methods accomplish the task.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, it is alright for him to get all emotionally wrought up and to spout off all these violently...

**A:** That repels attacking forces because they thrive upon blase passivity.

**Q:** (L) Well, we are not talking about passivity here. Are you sure you are a Cassiopaean? It sounds to me like you are saying he ought to be giving off... I think we are pulling in Lizzies because of your negativity...

**A:** Incorrect, you have your "way" of repelling attack, and Frank has his.

**Q:** (L) Well I just don't see how a whole bunch of negative energy in thought and word can repel beings who thrive on negative energy. I mean, they should be just rolling in joy that they are making him so miserable that he has to carry on that way which then makes me miserable.

**A:** Not miserable when repelling.

**Q:** (L) Well, then, the problem here is that when he does this, everybody else he does it around, it makes them miserable, so, what's the deal here?

**A:** Subjective, your methods can cause perception of upset too.

**Q:** (L) Yes, I know this, but I am working on being totally unmoved by attack, isn't that the whole point here?

**A:** If it ain't broke, don't fix it.

**Q:** (L) So, I should continue, when I get upset or attacked, to just rave and rant and yell and scream and carry on?

**A:** You don't, you attack back, externally. Frank attacks back internally. The external manifestation is merely overflow and harmless if recognized correctly.

**Q:** (L) My understanding is that service to others involves complete lack of concern for self. Therefore, the objective is to have complete lack of concern for self, therefore one would be in such a state of lack of concern for self that when one feels oneself to be under attack, so to speak, or being baited or jabbed, one would simply utterly and entirely disregard this and continue on in a peaceful way. Now, am I misapprehending this in some way?

**A:** Not misapprehending, misinterpreting.

**Q:** (L) So, I misinterpret Frank's lack of regard for my feelings because he spouts off and upsets me... that's really a service to others activity and it is only my subjectivity that makes me get upset, therefore, I should eliminate my subjectivity as a service to him so that he can continue to spew off and therefore not upset me, is that what we are getting at here?

**A:** Off base.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what you are saying.

**A:** That's what you want to believe we are saying, but we are not we are saying all should strive to be objective.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't think it is being objective for every little sling and arrow of misfortune to throw somebody into a tailspin. I think part of the whole process is to learn how to go smoothly through all this stuff. And, what you are saying here is don't worry about going through stuff, just dump...

**A:** You are all learning, including Frank.

**Q:** (L) Well, let's just drop it. It doesn't make any sense.

**A:** Your perception, there is much to this whole process that is manifest on other levels, levels other than 3rd...

**Q:** (L) Well, I just don't think you really understand what is going on. I think that it's...

**A:** Yes we do. You do not. Open your mind.

**Q:** (L) Well the only thing I can change about this whole thing is to just stop listening when Frank moans and groans about things that I know everybody else has gone through without moaning and groaning, cause it is entirely, extremely irritating to me to have to listen to it when everybody else has been through it and kept a stiff upper lip.

**A:** If Frank tried to keep a "stiff upper lip" it would destroy him because of his make-up, which does not correspond to that of most others; try to recognize differences.

**Q:** (L) Well, I recognize the differences, but I am only human too.

**A:** If you were asked to be passive toward aggressors, how would you feel about that?

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought that was what I was supposed to be practicing and, in fact, have been. I thought that this whole thing was about doing and practicing things to make us different than we had been programmed to be.

**A:** When it is wholly within your "comfort zone" not before, remember, in "Bringers of the Dawn" it says to do that which is effortless.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it says to do what is effortless. It takes a lot of effort to put up with Frank when he is like that so he will have to swear and vow that he will never complain to me again. Agreed. It takes too much effort for me to deal with it.

**A:** Would cause karmic backsliding.

**Q:** (L) Now, just a minute here. You just said to do what is effortless. I said it takes a lot of effort for me to put up with that kind of stuff, and now you are saying that this will cause me karmic backsliding?

**A:** No we said "do" that which is effortless, "acceptance" is another matter entirely.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? (F) I think that what it means is that if you are doing something that is one thing, accepting is another thing. If I have some sort of foible that you don't like, that is not doing. Whether you accept it or not has nothing to do with doing. I accept you, foibles and all, but you are saying that you simply refuse to... (Laura) But I don't attack you, either. (F) I don't attack you. (L) But, it amounts to the same thing to me. To have to listen to moaning and groaning that repeats over and over is the same thing as being attacked. I listen to everybody's troubles all day long and I get sick of people complaining who never do anything about their problems. (F) Well, you don't say that it is my problems that bother you, it's everybody's problems, and it did say that there is karmic significance here which means that you must have brought yourself into a situation where you are surrounded with other people all moaning and groaning about their problems. And, you chose this. If you didn't want to listen to other people's problems, why did you get married and have kids? (L) Well, you would think that my friends would know that I don't need to have problems dumped on me... (F) Who is dumping problems on you? You keep saying this as if somehow... (L) Well, let's drop it... I want to ask: the other night Frank read my palm and gave me several bits of information. When he reads palms does he direct channel this information?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Where does the other information come from when he is reading palms?

**A:** Varied.

**Q:** (L) Well, one thing he said to me was about something buried in my cellar. Is there, in fact, something buried in my cellar?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) How am I to discover it other than digging the whole cellar out?

**A:** Patience will pave path.

**Q:** (L) Does that give me a clue that something is buried under the steps to the cellar rather than under the cellar itself?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, I was down there today - I had the kids empty the cellar out - I went around tapping and knocking, and...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I used a pendulum and dowsed. I came up with a spot using a pendulum, I found a spot. I used the sledge hammer and broke open a part of the cellar floor, dug down four feet, and there was nothing there. Now, I don't look forward to doing that over a 9 by 7 space, and I certainly don't intend to knock all the walls down...

**A:** Part of discovery process, test dowsing skill on known entities in order to refine process.

**Q:** (L) Well, either dowsing works or it doesn't, wouldn't you say? Test it on known...

**A:** Depends upon skill of dowser as in all psychic talents.

**Q:** (L) Well, the clue I am getting from that is that I may not be the one to do the dowsing, is that correct?

**A:** If you take one piano lesson and fail to produce Chopin, does that mean you should give up the piano?

**Q:** (L) Well, let me ask this, give me a straight answer on this one, is there something down there so that we should continue working on the project?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it worth tearing up the damn cellar to find it?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, let me ask you this, is it worth five thousand dollars?

**A:** To some.

**Q:** (L) Is it worth ten thousand dollars?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) What is it? (F) Money, it could be gold, it could be jewelry, it could be a valuable stock certificate. (L) Speaking of stock certificates, I have an old stock certificate for one share in the Elk's Club, it is very, very old. Is it worth anything and should I pursue having it checked out?

**A:** Yes.

END OF SESSION

