## April 18, 1995
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Tikloria.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Have you been listening to our tape from Thor Templar?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do you have any rebuttal to make to his accusations of irrelevance?

**A:** Is rebuttal necessary?

**Q:** (L) Well, no, not for me, and, quite frankly, I don't think I will respond to him so it doesn't really matter. Is it alright if we ask some questions about the situation that has transpired here over the last month or so?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is there anyway I can access the information I need because we need to make some kind of assessment of what occurred here.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Have we ever had a person in our group or in our room here, who was sent here deliberately to break up our interaction?

**A:** If so, that is for you to discover for purposes of learning and growth.

**Q:** (L) Is that part of what has been taking place here?

**A:** Good chance.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is getting close.

**A:** Remember one can be manipulated by another.

**Q:** (L) In this case, who was the one being manipulated?

**A:** We mean that one can appear to be an "agent" when in actuality, control is originating elsewhere, this is especially true when the apparent "agent" is one of a good and simple and seemingly stable nature.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you are saying the control could be originating elsewhere. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would that control be third density or fourth density?

**A:** Either, or elements of both.

**Q:** (L) In this particular case, I would much prefer to think that someone was being used or manipulated by other forces. But, in that case, that could be a loose cannon, so to speak. Am I correct?

**A:** Up to your discretion.

**Q:** (L) Can we identify the source of control in this particular case?

**A:** We mentioned discovery and learning earlier.

**Q:** (L) So, we have to figure this one out?

**A:** Will benefit you greatly in "future" to do so.

**Q:** (F) Why is that?

**A:** In order to recognize "symptoms," which may be common occurrence.

**Q:** (L) In this case, we have discussed it, and it seems that it has already become a common occurrence. Persons come in and are all excited and they put in energy or money or whatever, and they are all gung-ho, and then they become a disruption.

**A:** Yes. You are already learning.

**Q:** (L) Recently V\_\_ came to visit and said that she had an episode with an attachment. Did she have an attachment from this work?

**A:** No. Hormonal fluctuations.

**Q:** (L) She called V\_\_ and V\_\_ did a cleansing on her. Did this help her with her hormonal fluctuations?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) A few weeks ago I did a hypnosis session with my son. In this hypnosis session, he seemed to go back through a memory of flying a plane, an EC 135, I believe. He seemed to go through the crash and so forth. Was this a fairly accurate recall on his part?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The most interesting part of the session was when he described smelling something strange in the hold of the plane, that the cargo smelled strange. Was this an accurate memory?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When I asked him what it smelled like, he said it smelled garbagy or something really horrible like sewage. Was that a correct memory?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) When I asked him if he knew what it was at a higher level, he said that it had something to do with aliens. Was that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was he, in fact, transporting something having to do with alien-human interactions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then, something happened as he was flying along, he seemed to be flying over the same spot twice and it startled him. Did this, in fact, happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it seems, after he was flying over the same spot the second time, that he said the smell was gone, the cargo was gone. Did this, in fact, happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was his plane, himself, and his co-pilot abducted in flight by aliens?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Were they then shot down deliberately by the United States Government?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Was his memory of the actual situation, as he was shot down, fairly accurate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does he need more work on this issue to clear it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Should I take him through the same thing over again more than one time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the other night we were talking about the episode when I was three or four years old and saw the face at the window that said to me: "No matter where you go you cannot hide. When the time comes, we will find you." When I had that experience, who or what did I see at the window?

**A:** Gray.

**Q:** (L) And what was the message, exactly?

**A:** Just as given.

**Q:** (L) What is it that they were trying to convey to me? Is it that, in point of fact, that they are going to find me or do something to me or with me at some point in the future?

**A:** Not yet able to inform.

**Q:** (L) You are not yet able to give me this information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When I was with Dr. Zanghi who was doing {trying}a hypnotic regression with me, he asked why I was being abducted. At that moment, in response to that question, a scene appeared to me of a sort of Greek Temple with a lot of "patriarch" types in long robes and wearing beards, who were teaching me and then sending me out to do something. What was this memory?

**A:** Not yet, Laura!

**Q:** (L) Well, that sounds foreboding. That sounds scary to me that you can't tell me? Is this something I should be frightened about?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that I am supposed to do that I can't yet know?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, obviously, in my opinion, and this is just my opinion, there is some sort of destiny where Frank and I are concerned. Is this correct?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** (F) That sounds like a cross between a "yes" and an "open." (L) Is it true, as we have surmised, that ever since our meeting, person after person has been sent in to attempt to disrupt our relationship. Is this correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (F) I think we can read that in the direction of a yes. (L) Can I ask at what point in time this interaction will be fully activated?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Ahhh. They are trickier than I am. Was I correct in the flash of insight I had the other night that nearly caused a coronary, of seeing the skies opening and all sorts of beings just pouring into our reality?

**A:** Yes. But is it prophecy, or current reality?

**Q:** (L) Oh, god!

(F) Well, the thought I was having just a couple of days ago, (is that when you had this?) okay, the thought I was having was along very similar lines. It is that everything is happening right now, it is just our perception of it that is lagging behind. Instead of what we have always thought, that one day the veil would be ripped open because of some cosmic event, it just may be that the veil is being opened individual by individual. Then one day it will be the last group that doesn't know anything and then it will fly open. What is really happening is not that the UFOs will someday be invading, it is just that because of some perception, we do not see that it is happening now. Karla Turner described it as the "End of the World," and for her and her family, it was.

**A:** Yes. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

