## June 6, 1995
Frank, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Stop.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? (F) Don't ask me! (L) Hello!

**A:** Hello. Azoref from Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Who was it that said stop?

**A:** Static.

**Q:** (L) There was static?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the static?

**A:** Not important, static always present to some degree.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask some fairly quick questions.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) With whom were we communicating on Saturday night?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Was there any corruption in Saturday night's session?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am not looking for a maybe. I felt somewhat offended by the atmosphere that was generated. We had guests and it was important...

**A:** If corrupted, came from 3rd level.

**Q:** (L) Can you only identify the corruption that comes from your level?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was there an element of... I don't want to lead here... my impression was that the group was in a state of tension, is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Jan was unhappy because of guests.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Not notified ahead.

**Q:** (L) Well, I expected Jan and Terry to arrive early enough to tell them and I was saving it until then as a surprise, but they came late so I just figured things could happen as they happened.

**A:** Jan feels you should keep her "abreast."

**Q:** (L) Well, essentially, that is how things have been done, but, at the same time, a lot of things happen spontaneously. If it wasn't long distance, I would probably keep her more 'abreast' as you say. And, besides, I am a big girl. I don't need another mother. Frank and I have been doing what we do, more or less directed by our own inner urgings for close to four years now. I don't think we should fix it if it isn't broken!

**A:** No need for explanation, just answered question for you.

**Q:** (L) Well, I felt a little strange when I was accused by Jan of "showing off" for our guests, and then the channel reflected this same attitude. What's the story here?

**A:**  If there is strong prejudice by any member or members of level three channel participants it may cause messages to be altered at the point of reception.

**Q:** (L) Well, then that must be what Jan feels. But, what she doesn't realize is that it was important to me for ALL of us to appear in our best light and that what we are doing to be seen as intelligent and professional. I mean, I didn't ask to be picked for the Times series. But, at the same time, I have certainly paid my dues and worked very hard for a very long time. And, Frank and I have sat here for almost four years in a dedicated and open way when no one else would bother to participate. And that is not even considering the 20 or so years before this that I have obsessively pushed for a breakthrough. I mean, it's not like I just woke up one day and said: "I think we will channel the Cassiopaeans today and go out and find a Times Reporter to write about it!" I spent a lot of time preparing questions and it seemed that whatever was making it through the "prejudiced channel" did not even want to deal with questions that were quite similar to many we have asked in the past -- so it seems that the prejudice came through  toward me  in a specific way.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, if people can be so easily subjected to prejudice and emotional thinking, would that not be considered psychic attack?

**A:** Result of. Careful not to make hasty moves based upon events which may be transitory in nature.

**Q:** (L) Well, I feel like we have all been under attack...

**A:** Attack does not emanate from Terry and Jan.

**Q:** (L) Well, the whole session seems ruined. Even the answer about the lights in the sky was verifiably wrong. You have said that the channel is "grooved" and cannot be corrupted, yet obviously wrong answers were given, and it seems that you are saying that the attack is "through" Terry and Jan and the garbled emotions they are experiencing, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, even the answer about the lights in the sky. Mars is 120 degrees away from Jupiter... the answers given to Tom and Cherie may have been based on this "prejudice" as you call it... Tom and Cherie were upset by this, I was upset... the whole thing was very upsetting! I need some help here!

**A:** Patience pays!

**Q:** (L) Well, do Frank and I have any strong prejudices right now creating any corruption?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what about Tom and Cherie's article?

**A:** 20 or 30 months.

**Q:** (L) What about the Times being taken over?

**A:** Eventually will happen.

**Q:** (L) Is it imminent?

**A:** Define imminent.

**Q:** (L) Within twelve months?

**A:** Not likely, but possible.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of the attack on Terry and Jan? If their emotions are being attacked, I don't think it would be possible to get a clear answer to this question with them present...

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) What about the information about Tom's grandfather's watch?

**A:** Open, if concerned, suggest new session.

**Q:** (L) Well, that whole thing just left me with a bad taste in my mouth. V\_\_ wants to attend soon. Is that alright?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, V\_\_ has a lot of "prejudices" which could restrict the information. Is this correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) You understand that I am trying to protect what Frank and I have worked so hard and long to achieve...

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) And, I am trying to protect the integrity of the information, and I am trying to protect the reputation of the information. And, if we invite somebody who is, for God's sake, a newspaper reporter, and somebody can come in and blow the whole session with attitude or prejudice, no matter what the source... do you see my point here?

**A:** Yes. Suggest Tom and Cherie attend smaller session.

**Q:** (L) Well, what am I going to do?

**A:** Follow your instincts, but strongly suggest patience, or attack is successful!!!!!

**Q:** (L) Oh! So, this is a very subtle and concerted effort to break up the group!?!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, even without the attack syndrome, we all have very strong personalities and there seems to be a control issue going on here too.

**A:** Part of attack!

**Q:** (L) Well, how long is this attack going to continue?

**A:** Open according to learning cycle length.

**Q:** (L) Should we temporarily suspend the sessions?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Would the attack end sooner if we do not suspend the sessions?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Would it help to end the attack if I did suspend the sessions?

**A:** Less likely.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's the clue. We shall just carry on.

**A:** Yes. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

