## April 15, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan

**Q:** (T) Good evening. Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Good evening!

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Shoura.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Not from, but you know as Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Long time, no see!

**A:** Oh yes!

**Q:** (L) Did we communicate with you when it was just S\_\_, Terry and Jan and I?

**A:** Fragmented.

**Q:** (L) But it was you, fragmented?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) Not all of it was you?

**A:** Like conflicting signals on radio.

**Q:** (T) Should we continue working with changing people on the board so that we can all work on the channel so that the channel will open for all of us?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (J) Do you recommend switching people on the board?

**A:** We recommend that which you feel is best.

**Q:** (L) Now, the pressing question: What has been happening to us?

**A:** We have warned repeatedly of attack!!

**Q:** (L) Was this ordeal we have just gone through an attack?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) What made us vulnerable?

**A:** Your work.

**Q:** (L) Was there anything having to do with any one of us contributing to this vulnerability?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) Was anything that happened conscious with anyone?

**A:** Is this your inquiry?

**Q:** (J) Yes.

**A:** Then answer from within.

**Q:** (L) That doesn't help. A\_\_\_ said that, even as a kid, she could have straightened it out between us without even trying. (J) Well, maybe S\_\_\_ just wasn't cut out to be a mediator.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (J) What were the intentions of this attack?

**A:** S\_\_ is insecure. Have you not noticed?

**Q:** (J) Yeah. (T) But insecurity is not a problem as far as that goes.

**A:** Problems are according to circumstances.

**Q:** (L) Well, that still leaves us in a bit of a quandary...

**A:** Do you employ a maid to fly a passenger jet?

**Q:** (T) So, the wrong person was doing the wrong thing. It wasn't her fault.

**A:** But relaying of messages is sensitive issue.

**Q:** (J) There is a clue there. Who indicated that she should relay messages between you and Frank? (L) Nobody, I guess.

**A:** Was spur of moment "flow." Plot course carefully, so as not to run aground.

**Q:** (T) We are doing Chinese fortune cookies tonight. (L) Well, I still feel a little bit hurt that everything I said was simply not understood and that the things Frank said, had they been conveyed exactly as he said them, would have brought the problem to an immediate halt. What should have been repeated was not and what should not have been repeated was.

**A:** True. Attack is most purposeful! Watch all portholes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, S\_\_ may have been an instrument of attack unwittingly?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was any part of this attack connected to those women in that Metaphysical church or Judy and Yvonne in Spring Hill?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) When Terry saw this event in the cards he read for me, he saw three women in attack mode. Did that reading represent this event?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Now, we have three names here and these are people who are involved with Barrie and Susy Konicov. She called last week sometime and wanted us to get a "take" on these people. The way that Barrie phrased the question was: "How do these people plan to play him?" Or, what are their intentions. First name is Carl Grancy.

**A:** User.

**Q:** (L) Mark of Michigan.

**A:** Harmless.

**Q:** (L) Karen Hilton?

**A:** Other interests, losing connection to Barrie.

**Q:** (L) Does this just mean that she is there for the time and is planning on moving on eventually?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (J) I want to ask about the fact that there has been some stuff that has come out lately that is an about-face of things that have always been the status quo. Disney's change of programming and their production of the Alien video, the recently released film that has been accused of being blasphemous; McNamara about face about Viet Nam. Is there any significance to this?

**A:** All explained by previous answers, of which you are well versed, i.e. preparatory foundation.

**Q:** (J) The foundation is being set for the changes to come. These events do have significance.

**A:** You know this, which is why there is recognition.

**Q:** (T) They are priming the country for a number of major reversals in policy and so forth. (J) I don't even think it is necessarily that. Isn't it just a reversal of known values?

**A:** All of above.

**Q:** (L) Is it necessary for me to have surgery to fix my shoulder?

**A:** Be careful not to be misled.

**Q:** (L) Is that about the surgery?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will my arm get well on its own?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (J) How? (T) You ought to get a second or even a third opinion.

**A:** Yes. Surgery is profitable.

**Q:** (L) Can you recommend something that I can do other than surgery?

**A:** Heat therapy combined with dietary adjustment.

**Q:** (J) What dietary adjustments?

**A:** Calcium, manganese, starch cutback and potassium supplement, only use distilled water in order to flush solid obstructions!

**Q:** (L) Well, that is the most comprehensive piece of physical advice they have ever given. (J) No kidding.

**A:** You are in pain, my dear, and when you hurt, all others do too!

**Q:** (J) That was sweet. Moist heat or dry heat?

**A:** Moist?

**Q:** (L) Reiki?

**A:** Yes. When ligaments are damaged, it is often a function of calcium obstruction.

**Q:** (L) Is the bony prominence that shows up in the x-ray on the Coracoid prominence, a build-up against which the tissues have torn?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, it is not a broken piece, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Wasn't S\_\_ telling you about that? A projection will tear the tissue like a piece of fabric. (L) Alright. Before we get on to other subjects, my mom wants to know what causes her abdominal distress?

**A:** Muscle atrophy.

**Q:** (T) She needs to exercise more. (L) Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I recently got a flyer from the Human Potential Foundation about this super duper conference being held in Washington. I would be really interested in that. Could we or should we plan on trying to attend that one?

**A:** Waste of time.

**Q:** (L) That's pretty definite. (J) We have enough on our plate. (L) In the book here, "Mysterious Fires and Lights," there is a whole segment on the idea that certain lights that have been called UFOs of a specific sort, which perform in a specific way, and this is not including all by any means, may actually be living creatures of some sort that manifest in our reality. And, that they seem to have a consciousness, and a purpose, but they don't manifest as "real" UFOs. Is this, in some cases correct?

**A:** Check publishing date for currency of theoretical data.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it is published in 1967. (T) Well, so much for that! (L) Well, it's not a stupid idea. Like ball lightening. It has been known to demonstrate intelligent behavior, kind of like a curious puppy. What is ball lightening?

**A:** Would be hard to "get attached" to such a pet.

**Q:** (L) I know that, but is it sentient? Is it a probe of some sort?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) It is just a very strange electrical phenomenon.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) The other night when we were working without Frank, we got some information that indicated that Frank was in danger via the government. Is that true or was that true?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this danger?

**A:** Source?

**Q:** (L) I mean like, the IRS, the FBI, the CIA, or what?

**A:** Not initialled as such.

**Q:** (L) Is this physical danger or just harassment danger?

**A:** Mind attack for purpose of self-destruction.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be done to shield against this kind of attack?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What can be done for shielding?

**A:** Knowledge input on a continuous basis.

**Q:** (L) And what form should this knowledge take? Does this mean channeled information, books, videos, what?

**A:** All and other.

**Q:** (L) A specific other?

**A:** Networking of information now, warning!!! All others will very soon experience great increase of same type of attack, two of you have had episodes in past from same source for similar reasons, but now your association puts you in different category!! Remember all channels and those of similar make-up are identified, tracked, and "dealt with."

**Q:** (T) Which two have experienced similar types of attack?

**A:** Up to you to identify for learning.

**Q:** (J) I'm pretty sure I'm one of them because I have been way down mentally and emotionally. (T) Is Jan one of the two? (J) I know I'm one.

**A:** Suicidal thoughts?

**Q:** (L) Have you had suicidal thoughts? (J) No. (T) Not me. (Frank) I have had them constantly. (T) Laura, did you? (L) I was pretty damn low. I wasn't contemplating suicide, I was just thinking how nice it would be if we could just turn out the lights and end the illusion. (T) Okay, so we have identified the two, you and Frank. (L) So, in other words Jan, it is going to get worse. (Frank) Didn't they say two others? (L) I guess they are saying that a similar thing can happen. (T) If we don't work together on this, we are going to lose the whole thing. (J) Okay, ask about the card reading Terry did tonight? (T) Was it accurate?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Was the reading referring to the same thing you are now referring to?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) So, we have the knowledge and all we have to do to prevent the attacks from being nasty?

**A:** You do not have all the awareness you need! Not by any means!

**Q:** (J) Is one of the reasons why this whole thing between Frank and Laura happened to show us that we could establish, albeit a very weak and very jumbled, connection with the channel without Frank's presence. A sort of verification of the channel's integrity. Was that one of the byproducts of this, or one of the purposes of it?

**A:** Byproduct is good way of putting it. Remember, all there is is lessons.

**Q:** (L) The attack was more internal in terms of doubt, not only of the channel and the information, but of the very foundations of existence. I mean, the realization that we may not be at the top of the food chain was shattering. (T) That snowballed on its own once the initial conflict was established. (J) Maybe the way to look at it is: yes, we went through all this crap, and you and Frank went through all this anguish, but maybe one good thing that came out of it, and maybe wasn't intended, was the fact that yes, we were able to see that there is a channel separate and distinct from all of us. It is not dependent on any one of us to be present. Yes, we do need to have all of us together for optimum contact...

**A:** All are able to channel, but practice is required to establish the same extent of grooving but be aware of ramifications!

**Q:** (L) What ramifications?

**A:** Observe Frank.

**Q:** (T) We are observing you. (J) Yeah. And? (F) I think what they mean is, when you can channel as I can, because I channel almost continuously, this has a good side and a bad side. Now, the good side you know. The bad side you don't know. The bad side is very hard to live with. I cannot even describe the state of my mind. (L) I would like to have practical advice and guidance on what we can to do to fend off or prevent psychic attack. We know that knowledge and awareness is important, but any words of wisdom or advance things that can be given would be appreciated.

**A:** Daily prayer helps.

**Q:** (L) Something else came up here a couple of days ago, right out of the blue: after not having heard anything from her for months and months, V\_\_ gave me a call and wanted to stop by with a poem for me to read. What she told me that one of the reasons she dropped out of the group was that she had been under such massive attack. She believes that the attack came because she had been participating and working on the board and that this brought on the attachment, or something, and that what we are doing is "questionable." Now, during the time we had not been hearing from her, she called the Reverend at the Metaphysical Church who caused me so much trouble before, to ask for her help and advice, and then she contacted the woman "Vanessa" whom we had asked about before. Vanessa, apparently, did a release for V\_\_. Could you tell us what was afflicting V\_\_?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Whatever it was, did it come by her association with us and this work?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did she have an attachment?

**A:** Has from times past and time to time.

**Q:** (L) Does it come and go with her?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) Did Vanessa help her in releasing her attachment?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) What was V\_\_'s agenda in suddenly dumping this in my lap?

**A:** Wants to reestablish contact.

**Q:** (J) Contact with Laura or the channel?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (J) Does she want back into the group?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything you wish to tell us before we shut down for the night?

**A:** Reread information given about attack warning and discuss amongst yourselves for strengthening of learning and knowledge base for purposes of protection and ultimately, survival!! Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

