## May 31, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. S\_\_ V\_\_\_!

**Q:** (L) I have been feeling that the group, as a whole, is under attack. What can we do about it?

**A:** Will work itself out. Power struggles within groups are quite natural at level three STS.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know what they mean by "power struggles." I just know that I feel uneasy and a tension in the air. What power is there to struggle for? We are all just who we are. (SV) You don't need to worry about it and get yourself into a frantic state! (L) Well, it seems that we are all being confronted with some of the lines we have drawn in the sands of life and all the things we think of as "musts" or "shoulds" or "ought-tos," our internal parent self, so to speak are having to be dealt with. I think that maybe what we need to look at is that lines don't need to be drawn. We just all need to do what is in front of us to be done and not try to control each other or decide what is best for each other and just be accepting.

**A:** All will settle like sand in a jar of water.

**Q:** (L) That is interesting. I used the idea of lines in the sand and the you use the analogy of sand shaken up in water. Is it a good idea to not print up or send out any more brochures? I was very upset by the giving out of the information with the names not altered or deleted.

**A:** It was not Jan in charge of that.

**Q:** (L) Who was in charge of that?

**A:** Open. Do not assume that was a negative decision.

**Q:** (L) So, this is ultimately beneficial?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) So, this was a protective measure or device?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Approximately how long before this tension in the group will go away?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) And there is nothing we can do to help?

**A:** Not issue.

**Q:** (L) What is the issue?

**A:** Let it be.

**Q:** (SV) Quit worrying. (L) Okay, I will. Next question. RS called me about Reiki for his eyes. He said he was diagnosed with macular degeneration. Is this the correct diagnosis?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the cause of this?

**A:** Genetic.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be done to halt or reverse it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (SV) Will the Cayce files help in this?

**A:** Cannot hurt.

**Q:** (L) Why can you not give us some sort of information to help out here?

**A:** Level one karmic situation.

**Q:** (L) Will Reiki help this?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything else that you can give us on this?

**A:** If so, you will discover it an another point in space time.

**Q:** (L) Michael Lindemann gave a very interesting talk on the subject of angels. Apparently there are a lot of people seeing and claiming to interact with angels. Can you tell us about angels?

**A:** Be specific.

**Q:** (L) Are there such things as angels?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are angels as they have been described: very tall, beautiful beings with wings or whatever?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who are the angels?

**A:** Refer to the transcript.

**Q:** (L) I don't think we have ever mentioned angels in the transcript.

**A:** Not by name. See the second session. [The Zendar or Zindar Council?]

**Q:** (SV) There is a book out called "Mary's Message to the World" by Ann Kirkwood. Is this book a transmission from the Virgin Mary?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who is this transmission from?

**A:** Various thought centers.

**Q:** (L) Why do these thought centers identify themselves as the Virgin Mary?

**A:** For purposes of familiarity.

**Q:** (L) Are these thought centers STS or STO?

**A:** Open. Discover by studying previously given information. You should review the material regularly, not just to familiarize yourselves with data, but also to learn by piecing together thought pattern segments!

**Q:** (L) If I remember correctly, there have been numerous presentations of the Virgin Mary put forward for disinformation purposes by the STS groups. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have there also been presentations of the Virgin Mary put forward by the STO groups?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, depending upon the results, and the teaching, that would be what would enable one to determine whether it is STO or STS?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Is there some other measuring stick that we can use to determine whether teachings are correct or incorrect?

**A:** Wisdom by way of instincts; all there is is lessons.

**Q:** (SV) I was thinking about that earlier today. If you are under attack, how do you know if your instincts are correct? (L) Are instincts different from emotions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How can you tell the difference between instinctive knowledge and emotional reactions?

**A:** Emotions involve wishful thinking, instincts are "gut feelings," psychic in nature, and are stronger. When it is wishful thinking, there is always psychic instinct seeping through which you can access if you use reason and examine your lessons of the past.

**Q:** (L) Well, for example, the lady at the MUFON meeting on Saturday, her response to Terry's comments on channeled material as being STS, was that we were focusing on the darkness, or negativity, and that people who focus on darkness or negativity experience same. Could you comment on this please?

**A:** What do your instincts tell you?

**Q:** (L) My instincts tell me that she is wanting to believe so strongly and emotionally, that the aliens who have been abducting her are good guys, and that somehow she is so laden with an internal guilt complex that she believes that she deserves that kind of treatment, and that anything that is to the contrary, she rejects as wrong and evil.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) And, furthermore, it occurred to me that a person who really focuses on the darkness with the intention of participation is someone who moves away from the light and goes into the darkness, whereas someone who focuses on the darkness with the intention of diminishing it, keeps the light close to their back, and uses it to energize their own light so that they can illuminate the darkness. Is that correct?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) And, that someone who only looks at light, has their back turned to the darkness, not only are they blinded by the light, but they are also casting a shadow behind them.

**A:** "The Emperor is wearing new clothes."

**Q:** (L) Am I the one who is thinking the Emperor is wearing new clothes? (F) I would think that anyone who is hung up on the idea that there is nothing but light as long as you are willing to only see light is believing that the Emperor is wearing new clothes. (L) Is Frank correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) On Saturday I also met Nova M\_\_\_ and her husband. They wanted us to take the session over to their house because they don't smoke and are apparently not willing to submit to our environment. My instinctive reaction to that was "no, forget it." Since that time, I have had other gut reactions to that, that there was some sort of "power play" going on there.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Would it be alright for us to take the session over to these people's house?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't want to and Frank doesn't want to. (SV) Well, all of us smoke. It wouldn't make sense to go somewhere that we can't smoke and be put outside like something dirty. (L) Yeah! We couldn't indulge our nasty habits and be dirty and messy and play! Nah! Forget that! (L) In my aura photograph, there is a patch of green on my chest. In Cayce's book on the subject, he says that light greens represent falsehood. I am very concerned about this.

**A:** Worry not.

**Q:** (SV) Well, in your case, it is a deep green next to a clear yellow, not a pastel or pale green. Maybe you need to eat more fruit!

**A:** Worry not, you know who and what you are, remember, instinct!!

**Q:** (L) Well, Frank had a very beautiful aura. Why are others not more positive toward this knowledge?

**A:** Jealousy.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was pretty plain. What are others jealous of?

**A:** Power struggle.

**Q:** (L) Why are people jealous of us and why do they want to try to control us?

**A:** Fear being left behind.

**Q:** (L) Well, nobody is going to be left behind unless they make themselves disagreeable. (SV) Well, I dreamed that we all need to wash our dirty laundry, so I got up and put a load in! (laughter) (L) Was J\_\_ W\_\_ correct that a person can change their aura by just thinking about it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (SV) It is what you are! (L) Our ability to see or perceive, blue, according to some researchers, is very recent. Natives who live on the Blue Nile describe it as brown, Homer described the Mediterranean as the "Wine dark sea," and Aristotle said there were only three colors in the rainbow: red, yellow and green. Is this true, that the human race, in general, has only recently become able to see blue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this a reflection of the spirituality of the color blue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Obviously there are colors beyond blue, and as we attain greater spirituality, we will be able to see them as well, is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (SV) When you look at a rainbow you can see a shimmer or haze on either side. (L) Could it be that as a result of constant straining to see at higher frequencies, some people's eyes suffer?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Could this be a problem with people in spiritual or personal development?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) I have read a number of things recently purportedly channeled by the "Great White Brotherhood." I would like to know if there is such a thing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) There is no "Great White Brotherhood?" (SV) How come Edgar Cayce talked about it?

**A:** Not as such.

**Q:** (L) What is it that they have been calling the "Great White Brotherhood?"

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) What is the Great White Brotherhood that Cayce was referring to?

**A:** Various STO.

**Q:** (L) Do they identify themselves as the Great White Brotherhood?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) If they are not the "Great White Brotherhood," what are they?

**A:** Fourth density STO.

**Q:** (L) What is their purpose or work?

**A:** Complex, suggest you wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to be contacted by the Great White Brotherhood?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What is the origin of the Anasazi tribe that lived in the cliff dwellings?

**A:** Nothing remarkable.

**Q:** (SV) I have a book on the Brotherhood... I get all kinds of things in the mail... one is from a guy who is supposed to be an extraterrestrial... I'll have to bring it... (L) What could we use to represent 7th density as a mathematical symbol?

**A:** Try this: [draws figure eight on side in ellipse]

**Q:** (L) When you get to the point of the Big Bang, or mass disbursement, what mathematical symbol would represent that? Plus, minus, multiply or divide?

**A:** NAB

**Q:** (L) Do you mean? None of the above?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What mathematical operation would represent this?

**A:** You have not yet discovered.

**Q:** (L) What kind of mathematical operation would take place at the point of the Big Bang?

**A:** One continuous cycling.

**Q:** (L) The transition of seventh density to the density where the cycling begins is from seventh to sixth or from seventh to first?

**A:** Neither.

**Q:** (L) Does it go from seventh to all densities simultaneously?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (L) Can this be expressed mathematically?

**A:** Maybe. Access your own channel.

**Q:** (L) What is my own channel?

**A:** You know.

**Q:** (L) I thought you were my channel?

**A:** We are group channel.

**Q:** (L) How can I access my own channel?

**A:** You have done it numerous times.

**Q:** (L) Was this what I was doing the other morning after Roger Santilli was here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Am I correct when I say gravity is time?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And gravity is the manifestation of time as put into effect by the limitation of third density consciousness illusion?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (L) Can this be expressed mathematically?

**A:** Go for it!

**Q:** (L) Frank, help me out here! (F) I can't help you out. You've blazed a trail into the woods all by yourself and I don't know how to find you. You have been told you can do it. This is obviously your forte. They told you to go for it. What do you want, a shortcut? (L) I want the formula! (SV) What about the thrill of discovery? (L) What about the agony of defeat? (SV) The agony of defeat... (L) That's what you get after shopping all day! (laughter) (L) I want it so bad! I don't feel capable! (Frank) Of course you are! (SV) If you can think of the question you can access the answer.

**A:** Time to say goodnight!

**Q:** (L) Good night.

END OF SESSION

