## September 9, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV, Tom French, Cherie Diez

This, too, ended up being a direct channeling session, but again, it seems to be rather good. In fact, it is one of the better informational sessions.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Other.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by "other?"

**A:** Re: discover other.

**Q:** (L) Okay, who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Other.

**Q:** (L) You are someone other than the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do you wish us to pursue this through trance channeling or with the board?

**A:** Trance. You have graduated, why do you wish to backtrack?

**Q:** (L) Well, for this evening, I would prefer to use the board. Is that alright? [To Tom and Cherie] Is it alright with you if we use the trance medium? They do not seem to want to do it through the board tonight. (T) Whatever is usual.

[Frank is put into trance state]

**Q:** Now, could you talk to us a little bit about the purported "Photon Belt?"

**A:** The key issue remains one of interpretation. The messages are genuine; interpretations are variable in their accuracy. So, when one speaks of the "Photon Belt," one may really be thinking of a concept and giving it a name.

**Q:** (L) So, you mean that various persons are seeing something and only describing it within the limits of their knowledge?

**A:** At one level, yes.

**Q:** (L) Any further comments on that?

**A:** Comments best serve when they are formulated as replies to direct and specific questions.

**Q:** (L) Was there a harmonic convergence as was advertised within the metaphysical community?

**A:** For those who believed there was a harmonic convergence, indeed there was a harmonic convergence.

**Q:** (L) Did anything of a material nature happen on or to the planet to enhance or change the energy?

**A:** Did you notice any changes?

**Q:** (L) No. Except that it seems that things have gotten worse, if anything.

**A:** Did you notice any clear, obvious, material changes?

**Q:** (L) No. But that could just be me. I could just be a stubborn and skeptical person.

**A:** Did anyone else in the room notice any clear or obvious changes?

**Q:** (S) What date was it? (L) 8/8/88, I believe. (S) I thought it had something to do with 11/11 ninety- something...

**A:** Well, obviously if the recollection of the calendar date is difficult, one would suppose that material changes did not take place. For, if they had, would you not remember the calendar date ascribed to them?

**Q:** (L) Yes. The claim has further been made that, for a month, following the harmonic convergence that no abductions were taking place. Is this true?

**A:** No. There has been no cessation in what you term to be abduction in quite some time as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) Well, on the subject of abduction: we watched a film on television, Monday the 28th, that was a purported video of an alien autopsy, or, more correctly, an autopsy on an alien body. Was this, in fact, an alien?

**A:** How do you define "alien?"

**Q:** (L) Was it a being other than a naturally born human on this planet as we know human beings?

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (L) It was other than a naturally born human?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What kind of a being was this?

**A:** Hybrid.

**Q:** (L) What was it a hybrid of - combining what elements?

**A:** Cybergenetic creatures you refer to as "Grays," and earth human such as yourself, third density. So, in essence, it was a hybridization of a 3rd density and 4th density being.

**Q:** (L) Okay, was this a 4th density being?

**A:** No. If you listen to the response - it was a 3rd and 4th density being.

**Q:** (L) How can a being be both 3rd and 4th density?

**A:** It is the environmental surroundings that count, not the structure of the individual. The same is true, for you. After all, you have read literature stating that your world or planet is in the process of ascending from 3rd to 4th density, have you not?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** And this literature has also stated that this is an ongoing process, has it not?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Then, one must wonder, if it is an ongoing process, how would it be possible, if it is not possible, for a being to be in both 3rd and 4th density at one time... Also, if you will recall from review material, you are currently living in the same environment as 2nd and 1st density level beings. Is this not true?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** At least that is what you have been told. So, therefore, it is possible for a being to be in 3rd and 4th density. And as we have also told you, when 4th density beings visit 3rd density environment, they are, in effect, 3rd density beings, and vice versa. The so-called abduction takes place, especially if it is a physical abduction, the subject becomes temporarily 4th density, because it is the environment that counts. And the key factor there is awareness, not physical or material structure.

**Q:** (L) I have a paper here that talks about the Grays and says that they have two brains: an anterior brain and a posterior brain; and that if you shoot one - this is what it says, I am not suggesting that I want to shoot anybody - that if you shoot one, and only shoot one part of the brain, that it does not die; that you have to shoot it in a special way and get both brains in order to kill one. Is this a correct concept?

**A:** Well, it is rather puzzling. Brings up a lot of questions. One question that comes to mind is: why would one seek to shoot anything.

**Q:** (L) Well, I didn't suggest that I wished to, this is just what this paper says here.

**A:** The physical description is accurate in terms of one variety of what is referred to as the Grays. It does have an anterior brain. However, this is secondary to all other issues. And, also we would suggest that it would not be advisable to seek to cause physical harm to any particular species. Therefore, it may be advisable to disregard the information contained in the work that you are describing.

**Q:** (L) It also says that the Grays have to be very close to a person to telepathically link with that person. Is this correct?

**A:** Close? No, as we have described to you before, there are technological processes involved which do not require close physical proximity as you measure it. But, this is very complicated. It follows dimensional windows and that sort of thing, which you do not fully understand, therefore it would not be advisable to go into that in great detail. But, the general answer to that question is no.

**Q:** (L) It also says that they implant some sort of crystal on the optic nerve of humans that is 2 to 4 microns in diameter and that this crystal is tuned to the frequency of the individual's implanting it, which allows them to establish a mental frequency for communication. Is that anywhere along the line of what you are talking about?

**A:** Physical implantations do occur. The precise locations vary according to the desired effects. And when it comes to the interactions between the human species in 3rd density, and other STS issues in 4th density, there are a variety of mechanisms in use as well as a variety of directives and objectives. For example, some implants are used merely for tracking. Others are used to alter consciousness, and still others are designed to be mind altering or motor altering mechanisms. Each of these has a different structure and a different material content according to which is being employed and for what purpose. The particular function you are describing there has been used, or, rather, something similar, though we are not completely familiar with that which you have described. So, we suggest that this may be fabrication to some extent, or expansion of accurate information. But, in any case, it is true that implants do get implanted for various reasons.

**Q:** (L) Shifting gears back to the alien autopsy: can you access the information and indicate whether this hybrid being was one that was obtained from a crash that occurred at Roswell, New Mexico in 1947?

**A:** The crash did not occur at Roswell. It was in a desert area, approximately 157 miles to the West by Northwest, of the Roswell location. The Roswell location that you are familiar with, did not include either a craft or any bodies or living beings. It was merely a debris field. The actual crash occurred some distance away. The crash site, a desert location, closer to Los Alamos, Mexico, and there, the craft, which had malfunctioned over Roswell, thus leaving behind the debris field, had, in fact crashed. This is where the bodies and living beings were recovered along with what was remaining of the craft. And, yes, the being in the film you have seen DID come from there.

**Q:** (L) How many beings were on that craft?

**A:** Four.

**Q:** (L) Were they all hybrids?

**A:** Correct. It also may be noted, and you can check this with the official record as has been interpreted by those in your environment who have studied the subject, this was a specialized mission which was initiated by those referred to as the Lizard Beings using human/hybrid combinations, the hybrid element being that referred to as the Gray type, it was an experiment partly as what could be interpreted or translated to mean a reconnaissance mission, and partly testing the environmental conditions that existed in that area at the time as a result of the nuclear explosions that had occurred in the region in the recent past, as measured from that particular point in time. The effort was to determine effects on both the living Gray species and of, course, the Reptilian or Lizard species, as they have a similar genetic make-up in some ways that we will not get into just now. But, the idea was to test the effects upon both the human genes, or genetic structure, and the Gray genetic structure which, in turn, is connected the Lizard genetic structure if you understand the concept. That was one objective. Another objective, of course, was basic reconnaissance.

**Q:** (L) Okay. The next question: Are any of the Grays what one might call "good guys?"

**A:** That is a subjective interpretation any way you look at it. For, after all, what is good and what is bad?

**Q:** (L) The definition that has been given is STS and STO. So, are any of the Grays STO beings?

**A:** Well, again, if we can review for just a moment. It is subjective to refer to either STS or STO as either good or bad. It merely means Service to Self and Service to Others. Now, the determination as to whether it is good or bad is made by the observer. It depends on your point of view. It depends on your objective. It depends on a lot of things. One is merely service to self. This is inward turning. The other is Service to Others which is outward expanding. It is part of the balance which makes up that which we refer to as the Universe.

**Q:** (L) Are any of the Grays STO?

**A:** In very rare instances, Gray beings have crossed over into the STO realm, but in their natural environment, they are, in fact, STS, as they were constructed to be.

**Q:** (L) How does it occur that they cross over into the STO environment?

**A:** Simply by natural circumstance, in the same general way that it occurs that human beings in the 3rd density STS environment can, under certain circumstances, rise to the STO level. Very rare.

**Q:** (L) Well, if the Grays are cyber-genetic probes of the Lizard Beings, and, in effect soulless, does this mean that some of the Lizard beings are also STO?

**A:** Well, first, no being that is given intelligence to think on its own is, in fact, completely soul-less. It does have some soul imprint; or what could be loosely referred to as soul imprint. This may be a collection of psychic energies that are available in the general vicinity. And this is stretching somewhat so that you can understand the basic ideas, even though in reality it is all far more complex than that. But, in any case, there is really no such thing as being completely soul-less, whether it be a natural intelligence or an artificially constructed intelligence. And, one of the very most interesting things about that from your perspective, is that your technology on 3rd density, which we might add, has been aided somewhat by interactions with those that you might refer to as "aliens," is now reaching a level whereby the artificially created intelligences can, in fact, begin to develop, or attract some soul imprint energy. If you follow what we are saying. For example: your computers, which are now on the verge of reaching the level whereby they can think by themselves, will begin to develop faint soul imprint.

**Q:** (L) That's not a pleasant thought.

**A:** Now, to answer your question: Are the Reptilian beings, or Lizard beings, STO. Of course, some can cross over into STO. However, their natural environment is STS as they have chosen. But, whether or not any of the cyber-genetic Gray beings cross over into STO, and or the Lizard Beings cross over into STO, these are not connected to one another, these two concepts: they are independent.

**Q:** (L) I understand. Okay, would you say there is any percentage, any fairly measurable percentage of Lizard beings that are STO?

**A:** It is VERY, VERY small. EXTREMELY small. Hardly worth mentioning.

**Q:** (L) What about the Grays?

**A:** That might be slightly higher, but again, it is very small, relatively speaking.

**Q:** (L) Is there another race of beings that are manipulating or using the Lizard beings?

**A:** Could you elaborate?

**Q:** (L) Are the Lizard Beings agents for some other group?

**A:** Well that is a rather simple question. But, there are levels of authority in 4th density STS environment. And these are determined by intellectual and physical prowess, as always, in STS. The "pecking order" as you call it. So, therefore, we could state that at the bottom are those you are familiar with as the Gray beings, and in the middle are those you would call the Lizard Beings, and above that are others that you are not so familiar with.

**Q:** (L) Who are they?

**A:** The most commonly known, of course, are the Orion STS.

**Q:** (L) What do they look like?

**A:** They are, in fact, humanoid in structure, resembling large human beings.

**Q:** (L) And we don't see them that often?

**A:** Well, of course you know by now, that the ones most frequently seen on 3rd density level, are the Gray beings. All other equally less frequently seen.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is their purpose in all this abduction activity?

**A:** We request that you make your questions as specific as possible in this subject area.

**Q:** (L) Do these Orion STS ever participate in abductions?

**A:** The abductions are primarily performed by the Gray beings. However, others can and will and in fact have abducted. But when this occurs, the nature of the abduction is different.

**Q:** (L) Are there any positive Extra-terrestrials from the area of Sirius interacting with human beings at the present time?

**A:** Well, now! First off, it is important for you to know that the term you use: Extra Terrestrial, which of course, is one of the most correct terms used at your level, all that is NOT of the Earth is Extra- Terrestrial. And, for those on your surface earth environment to refer to themselves as the supreme species, or alone in the universe, or the one and only in the cosmos, is laughable in the extreme. It is akin to a microbe on a grain of sand referring to itself as the only form of life on the beach. Would it not? Now, when you ask are there any beings in the vicinity of Sirius, it would be something like that same microbe, located on the grain of sand, on the beach, which is, of course, but one of the beaches located on the surface of the earth, after all, asking if there is, in fact, any life located over in the vicinity of that seashell...

**Q:** (L) But I asked if there were any interacting with Earth...

**A:** And we are answering that question. We have chosen to take this opportunity to put things into better focus for you, and we are hoping that these messages will be heard by others, and not just you. While YOU may understand these concepts perfectly well, not all do. Certainly you know that? Therefore, that is why we are giving this information. Now, to answer your question: Are there any beings who reside in the vicinity of Sirius who are positively oriented, or STO as it were, again it is difficult to answer that because we do not know how to define the "vicinity of Sirius." But, if you mean within a light year or so of Sirius, as you measure distance, then we can say there are no such beings in that area in 3rd density. But that leaves open 4th through 6th density. So, you see, as you already know, but we wish to reinforce this, there is so much to contemplate here that it is laughable when those around you refer to certain areas or star systems and claim that there are beings from here or there or wherever, and that their objective is this or that or the other. Because if you knew the TRUE nature of the universe, of All of the universe, of all possible realms, you would also know that any and all things are possible, and, in fact, DO exist! You must NOT forget this.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, these people are right?

**A:** All of these people are right, and all of these people are wrong. Because it is silly to point to some section of the sky, to ascribe any area as being the "Home" of this that or the other.

**Q:** (L) But what if that is, in fact, the case? The Orions live in some star system in Orion, right?

**A:** So are you.

**Q:** (L) Well, we aren't living there now! [Actually, as I later learned, we DO live in the "Orion Arm" of our galaxy.]

**A:** That's not the point. If you were to stay in 3rd density and view your star, which you know as the sun, from another point in your galaxy, it would appear to be a part of the Orion system. Would it not?

**Q:** (L) Probably.

**A:** Well, now perhaps you are beginning to understand what we are talking about??? At one level, and in one sense.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do these beings get here crossing such vast reaches of space?

**A:** As we have told you, there are seven levels of density which involves, among other things, not only state of being physically, spiritually and etherically, and materially, but also, more importantly, state of awareness. You see, state of awareness is the key element to all existence in creation. You have undoubtedly remembered that we have told you that this is, after all, a grand illusion, have you not? So, therefore, if it is a grand illusion, what is more important, physical structure or state of awareness???

**Q:** (L) State of awareness?

**A:** Exactly. Now, when we go from the measuring system, which of course has been nicely formulated so that you can understand it, of density levels one through seven, the key concept, of course, is state of awareness. All the way through. So, once you rise to a higher state of awareness, such things as physical limitation evaporate. And, when they evaporate, vast distances, as you perceive them, become non-existent. So, just because you are unable to see and understand has absolutely no bearing whatsoever on what is or is not possible. Except within your own level of density. And this is what almost no one on your current level of density is able to understand. If you can understand it and convey it to them, you will be performing the greatest service that your kind has ever seen. Think about that for a moment. Let it seep into your consciousness. Analyze it. Dissect it. Look at it carefully and then put it back together again.

**Q:** (L) What is it that limits our awareness?

**A:** Your environment. And it is the environment that you have chosen. By your level of progress. And that is what limits everything. As you rise to higher levels of density, limitations are removed.

**Q:** (L) What creates this environment of limitation?

**A:** It is the grand illusion which is there for the purpose of learning.

**Q:** (L) And who put the illusion into place?

**A:** The Creator who is also the Created. Which is also you and us and all. As we have told you, we are you and vice versa. And so is everything else.

**Q:** (L) Is the key that it is all illusion?

**A:** Basically, yes.

**Q:** (L) So, essentially...

**A:** As we have told you before, if you will be patient just a moment, the universe is merely a school. And, a school is there for all to learn. That is why everything exists. There is no other reason. Now, if only you understood the true depth of that statement, you would begin to start to see, and experience for yourself, all the levels of density that it is possible to experience, all the dimensions that it is possible to experience, all awareness. When an individual understands that statement to its greatest possible depth, that individual becomes illumined. And, certainly you have heard of that. And, for one moment, which lasts for all eternity, that individual knows absolutely everything that there is to know.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that the path to illumination is knowledge and not love?

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (L) Is it also correct that emotion can be used to mislead, that is emotions that are twisted and generated strictly from the flesh or false programming?

**A:** Emotion that limits is an impediment to progress. Emotion is also necessary to make progress in 3rd density. It is natural. When you begin to separate limiting emotions based on assumptions from emotions that open one to unlimited possibilities, that means you are preparing for the next density.

**Q:** (L) What about Love?

**A:** What about it?

**Q:** (L) There are many teachings that are promulgated that Love is the key, the answer. They say that illumination and knowledge and what-not can all be achieved through love.

**A:** The problem is not the term "love," the problem is the interpretation of the term. Those on third density have a tendency to confuse the issue horribly. After all, they confuse many things as love. When the actual definition of love as you know it is not correct either. It is not necessarily a feeling that one has that can also be interpreted as an emotion, but rather, as we have told you before, the essence of light which is knowledge is love, and this has been corrupted when it is said that love leads to illumination. Love is Light is Knowledge. Love makes no sense when common definitions are used as they are in your environment. To love you must know. And to know is to have light. And to have light is to love. And to have knowledge is to love.

**Q:** (L) The other night I met a young woman named Roxanne C\_\_\_\_. Can you access anything to help her?

**A:** At this time we choose to abstain from making any comments about the nature of individuals in your environment. Also, we would strongly suggest, as this has been rather intense information session, that you may wish to terminate at this time.

**Q:** (L) One very quick question: The problem with my eyes. I have had a lot of trouble with them, using many medicines. Some people have told me that this indicates a genetic mutation and a developing ability to see on many levels?

**A:** This you must discover. Before you become frustrated, if, indeed you are going to begin seeing at another density level, it must be a discovery process for the greatest learning potential. For us to give you previews would not necessarily be in your best interest.

**Q:** (L) Last night we were supposed to meet several people at a restaurant, but we lost them in traffic. Was this "losing" somewhat symbolic?

**A:** Perhaps. But, again, we do not wish to comment on interactions between yourself and other individuals, as the purpose for this particular session was informational and not judgments concerning others in your realm.

END OF SESSION

