## June 3, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan, Tom French, Cherie Diez, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (T) I'm running on low energy. (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Sorrillora.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have guests this evening; this is Tom and Cherie.

**A:** Hello Tom and Cherie.

**Q:** (L) Tom has a question.

**A:** Surely.

**Q:** (TF) What happened to my grandfather's watch?

**A:** Which one?

**Q:** (L) Which grandfather? (TF) Paternal. (L) Okay, what happened to Tom's paternal grandfather's gold pocket watch?

**A:** Under water.

**Q:** (T) Under what water?

**A:** It is clear with some silt or sand.

**Q:** (TF) What is that? (L) I don't think you are going to get a name because that is an artificial designation.

**A:** Visual reference. Shines in the sunlight, slipped off when attention was distracted.

**Q:** (TF) Did it slip off by itself or did someone take it?

**A:** Rubbed metal surface.

**Q:** (TF) Where was my father at the time?

**A:** At church.

**Q:** (L) Does that make any sense? (TF) Well, maybe. (T) Do you know where the watch is? (TF) No. (SV) Find out where he went to church and see if there is any water around there. (L) Maybe his father was nowhere near at the time. (TF) My father never went to church; he was an athiest. Did my father have anything to do with the disappearance?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Was his father at church? You say his father was at church; Tom says his father didn't go to church. Why was his father at church?

**A:** Not only reason one goes to a church, think!

**Q:** (J) It might have been a meeting of some kind... (T) A wedding; a funeral... (TF) You're right. It's not that he never set foot inside a church. (F) He's not that much of an athiest! (T) Especially weddings; there's food after weddings! (TF) Okay, well, one more and then I'll be quiet! Was the watch lost or was it taken?

**A:** Lost.

**Q:** (L) Has this bugged you a long time? (TF) Not too long. A while.

(L) I have a question to ask about Tom. Tom had a dream that he shared with me, and I think he wouldn't mind sharing it with the group. Tom?

(TF) In the dream I am on an ocean liner. There are other people on board the ship, but I am not talking to them. I'm not with my friends or family. I am by myself. I among all these people, but I am not with them. It is a long journey. I walk back and forth on deck. Finally we come to a city, a major city, a seaport. I get off the ship; I walk through the city; I walk through the center of the city to the outskirts, into the countryside. The countryside is red; reddish all around. The streets are no longer paved; now they are dirt, red dirt. I come to a big house with a white picket fence under the shadow of a mountain. I know that I am supposed to be in this house. I go inside the house, there are other people there. Again, I am not talking with them when I first get there, and as the days begin to pass I do begin to talk to them and they begin to talk to me. I begin to feel better. Suddenly, in the dream, I realize that when I was first walking through the city toward the house, I was a dog; in the early days when I had first been in the house, I was being transformed into a human being, and that all the other people in the house were once animals; and that that was why we were at the house, to learn how to become a human being. It had something to do with the power of the mountain. (L) Now, the question I have is: is there some significance to this dream that you can comment on?

**A:** Not of great significance in a psychic sense, merely a reflection of the subject's awareness of metamorphosis within his own life path.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was Tom's interpretation and it blew my theory all to hell! (T) What was your theory? (L) Well, I was just sure he was an alien and he came to Earth on this big ship from the Dog Star, Sirius... (J) To Georgia!! (laughter) I liked my interpretation better! (T) Make for a heck of a book! (SV) She's been watching too many of those UfO videos!

**A:** Active imagination!

**Q:** (L) Well, I got told! Now, our questions. Why did the Incas and other South American cultures create their cultural environment in mountainous areas where they were forced to terrace to grow food, whereas the European culture developed on level terrain, mined in the mountains... (T) And a lot of them starved because they didn't use the mountains correctly...

**A:** Mountains were of a different nature in two cases.

**Q:** (L) So, the mountainous terrain was more fertile in one area than the other; is that the point we are getting at here?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (J) That was what I thought. (T) Did the Europeans try terrace farming?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why? (T) Yeah, they built aqueducts, why not terraces?

**A:** Why should they try something unnecessary?

**Q:** (T) Why was it unnecessary? (L) No, we know that. They had plenty of arable land that was flat. Why was it necessary in South America? (J) Because they didn't. They had to use what they had.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Works for me! (L) It was said in a previous transmission that the area around my house was a "multiple reality station." Is this because of our activities, or is this a pre-existing condition of this house and general location?

**A:** Two questions.

**Q:** (L) Is this because of our activities?

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** (L) Is it also a pre-existing condition of this area?

**A:** In a roundabout way.

**Q:** (L) Does this have anything to do with the purported tunnel beneath the house?

**A:** Ditto last response.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you say "in a roundabout way." What is the roundabout way? What is the relationship?

**A:** Crustal energy flow patterns.

**Q:** (Terrry) What is crustal energy?

**A:** Self-explanatory.

**Q:** (T) Okay, it's the energy that is flowing through the crust we are talking about, or the energy the crust is making... we are talking plate tectonics here? (J) Yes, plate tectonics?

**A:** Too many comments.

**Q:** (T) Are we talking plate tectonics?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are we talking about electromagnetism?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) How close to electromagnetism? (L) How close can you get? (T) Right! (laughter)

**A:** Related.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is this an energy flow pattern that is significantly different at this point in space/time as opposed to, say... (J) Our house?

**A:** Not correct concept.

**Q:** (J) It's not related to space and time?

**A:** You are getting "colder."

**Q:** (L) It is not related to space/time. Is it related to a gridwork of energy?

**A:** Not gridwork, more like "halo."

**Q:** (T) A corona? (L) Like an aura? (J) Is it like an aura?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) The planet's aura?

**A:** Variations within flow.

**Q:** (L) Is this particular location beneficial to my residence here?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Is it particularly beneficial in terms of this kind of work?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (J) It is obviously not detrimental. (T) Can it be detrimental?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In what way? (J) Yes, how is it detrimental?

**A:** 64000 dollar question!

**Q:** (T) Now, since we hit the 64,000 dollar question, are you going to give us the 64,000 dollar answer? (L) Why could it be detrimental? Is it because it could be detrimental if a person is following the STO pathway?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Could it be detrimental to one following the STS pathway?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Okay, the energy flow pattern can be detrimental or beneficial. It's just energy, not positive or negative.

**A:** This is more complex than your queries allow.

**Q:** (L) In other words, our questions are not complex enough to get the answer?

**A:** You are "rushing it" due to company present, now please relax and just behave as always.

**Q:** (J) She's trying to show off! (L) I am not! (SV) That's what they said! (L) That's not what they said, and I am not the only one asking questions. (T) Let's start over with something simple. We are talking about the aura or something similar. The planet's aura.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay. We are focusing on this site here in relation to the energy of the planet.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (T) You have indicated that there is some kind of a correlation between the location and the energy in the planet. The energy in the planet is all the way around the planet and is affected by the planet and everything that goes on around the planet, in the planet, on top of the planet and all over the place. We are one location. As this energy ebbs and flows along it influences the work we are doing here. Am I on track here?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Okay. So, the crustal energy flow patterns, if they ebb, we lose power... we need to draw more power in order to keep the connection?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (T) I don't even know what I said! (L) Try it this way. We are talking about an aura. In an aura system in the physical body, it can sometimes reflect both the spiritual and physical state of the person. Is this location similar to a chakra?

**A:** If you prefer or other.

**Q:** (L) Similar to a chakra?

**A:** These are all merely labels.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so it is like an energy vortex?

**A:** Okay...

**Q:** (L) An energy vortex in the body, a chakra in the body, is a place where the body energy interfaces with the universe. Tell us about chakras, Susan. (SV) There are all different kinds. There are the seven major chakras, the ones in the palms, almost every joint in the body has a chakra... (T) What do they do? (L) An interface point? (SV) Yes. (L) Is this what we are talking about here? An interface between this density and other densities?

**A:** First of all, "chakras" are a little understood and non-proven phenomenon. Now, it just so happens they do exist, but in different form than reported by many in the so called "psychic" community. So you see, you have opened yet another "can of worms."

**Q:** (L) Well, Worms Are Us! I knew that question would last all night! Why did I ask it? (SV) Well, let's go for it! (L) Okay, first worm... (T) Worm One... (J) Worm One... (L) ...what, exactly, is a chakra?

**A:** An energy field that merges density one, two, three or four with five.

**Q:** (T) A focus point that merges densities to fifth density contemplation level?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) What purpose do we merge to the contemplation level through the chakras?

**A:** You are all connected with level five on a short wave cycle, reference text.

**Q:** (L) Does each chakra relate to a color as we have been told?

**A:** In a sense, but not primary issue.

**Q:** (L) What is the primary issue?

**A:** The connection with physical imprint locator.

**Q:** (L) So, that has to do with this area right here? Are we back to the house?

**A:** On a physical body, density levels one through four.

**Q:** (L) So, we are sitting in the middle of a giant chakra, the navel of the world! (J) Better than the armpit of the world.

**A:** What are you speaking of?

**Q:** (T) Tallahassee, the armpit of the world! (L) I was just joking, we are not in the navel of the world. We are in a chakra... (T) In order to be at this location... (L) ...is that it?

**A:** You are drifting an there is much too much thought fragmentation tonight.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (J) I am wondering if it is related to the storm? (L) Let's take a break. Break

**Q:** (L) We have a real serious dude tonight. He's not letting us play! (SV) I wonder if there are seven major chakras in the same place as described by others. (L) Okay, we're back.

**A:** Back?

**Q:** (L) Well, we really didn't leave, you know. (J) Yeah, we went for a walk! (L) Susan wants to know if there are seven major chakras related to the physical body as has been taught by many sources?

**A:** It varies according to individuals.

**Q:** (SV) You mean some people have more chakras than others?

**A:** Name a "chakra."

**Q:** (L) Is there a base chakra, the root chakra?

**A:** We asked you to name one.

**Q:** (L) Well, we named one. (SV) There's the heart chakra, the third eye, I don't know the Hindu names for them... (L) Name a person?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (SV) The lady who wrote "Hands of Light" said that when she does healings, spirit guides...

**A:** What happens to those who have major body parts missing?

**Q:** (J) Oooh! (SV) But the etheric field is still there! They have proven that with Kirlian photography...

**A:** Is that the same thing?

**Q:** (L) Well, is that which is photographed by Kirlian photography the same thing that makes up the chakras? (SV) Well, you would have the seven major ones... you can't live without a head and torso... (L) What happens when you have organs, the glands related to the chakras, taken out. Women have hysterectomies all the time...

**A:** Good question!

**Q:** (SV) But the energy's still there even though the body parts are gone! That's what I have been taught.

**A:** Who says?

**Q:** (SV) Do you want to know the names of my instructors?

**A:** All we are trying to point out to you, is that you are delving into an area where purported fact is not proven, and the entire subject is only slightly understood at your level. It is better to get facts before proclaiming knowledge, lest you make serious mistakes!

**Q:** (SV) But what about what Barbara Marciniak said about the chakras... she talked about 12 chakras, seven internal and five external? Was Barbara onto something?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (T) It was not what Barbara was onto, it was the information she was being given. (L) Was the information Barbara was given as far as the chakras, correct as far as it went?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, there's a clue. (T) It better be, we gave it to her. (J) True. (T) If they said no... (J) ...we are in a lot of trouble. We had better find something else to do on Saturday night. (L) We could bowl. Canasta, anyone? This would make a great card table. (J) Bridge? (L) I don't know how everyone else feels about it, but maybe we should just read Marciniak on this one for now and drop the subject. (T) They have been saying that the chakras as they have been taught may not be entirely accurate. The information about these energy points is that they do not exist as they have been laid out by others, but that they exist in different people in different places because of the way the energy flows in each individual. They don't always exist in the same place just as the energy vortexes on the planet fluctuate and change. So, within the person the energy changes and fluctuates... (J) Do the chakras move around?

**A:** They may.

**Q:** (T) Do different people have different numbers of chakras?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, the whole idea of chakra work, not to take anything away from what Susan has been doing, is very much incorrect as it is laid out?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (SV) Okay, if you sensitize your hands, could you pick up on this energy on the body? Could you detect the chakras?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Will Reiki allow you to find the chakras as they move about?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (SV) What about Therapeutic Touch?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (SV) I guess maybe I had better find out. (L) How does all of this relate to this house and what we are doing here? (T) We are working on a larger scale now. (L) Does this house have something to do with connecting up chakras in our bodies?

**A:** You are drifting again.

**Q:** (T) Is it that this energy will move just like the energy in a body will move. We are working at this point because, at this time, this is where the localized energy is in this area, but that this is going to be moving?

**A:** Again, you have touched upon a group of subjects that require massive study to accurately explain.

**Q:** (J) Does this mean that we have to study and learn more before we can even discuss this with you?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (SV) Would Edgar Cayce's material be a good place to start?

**A:** This is a good place to start, but it will take much "time" and effort.

**Q:** (L) Are you suggesting that perhaps this is a subject that we don't need to go into?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (J) At this point, we don't have enough understanding. (T) Is it something important that we should be looking into?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Let's go onto something else that is more simple. The other night the children saw some lights in the sky. I went out to see what they were talking about and at that point there were no moving lights, but there was a single, pulsating, red light about ten degrees to the right of Jupiter. My initial reaction to it was that it was atmospheric twinkle of a large red star or the planet Mars. There was nothing there the following night. What was it the children saw?

**A:** Children saw planes and a helicopter.

**Q:** (L) Well, what was it I saw when I saw this red, pulsating light which did not move for quite some time?

**A:** Mars.

**Q:** (L) It was not Mars because it wasn't there the next night.

**A:** Clouds.

**Q:** (T) Yeah, there were clouds on Mars that night. (J) Well, lets move on. (L) Well, I thought it was Mars. (J) You were right.

**A:** You were right.

**Q:** (J) That's what I just said. (L) Now, we want to know if there is any correlation between movement of UFOs and weather patterns... (J) Specifically, thunderstorms.

**A:** Correlation?

**Q:** (L) Okay, can UFOs not fly during thunderstorms, or electrical storms?

**A:** Incorrect.

**Q:** (L) Okay, they can fly during thunderstorms?

**A:** Yes. But "fly" is improper term.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what do they do during thunderstorms if they don't fly? (J) They bob and weave! (SV) They are projections, aren't they? (J) Yeah, I don't think they are actually here, down in the atmosphere, anyway.

**A:** Operate.

**Q:** (T) Well, the real question is: does the thunderstorm interfere in the EM flow between densities?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (L) Can thunderstorms interfere with their projection ability?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do thunderstorms or electrical activity inhibit them?

**A:** Ionization.

**Q:** (T) Is the fact that there are very few abduction cases, at least I read about, and I've read quite a few of them, during thunderstorms, have to do with the thunderstorm interfering with the EM, so that the abduction would be much harder to do, therefore they don't bother doing it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Can abductions take place during thunderstorms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there a possibility that thunderstorms possibly enhance this activity?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) So third density EM disturbances don't disturb fourth density?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** (J) Can they control it. (T) Well, I haven't read very many things about abductions during storms. (L) Well, I have read about a few, enough to break it as a rule. (T) Is there some reason that it isn't happening as often during thunderstorms? (J) They don't want to get wet.

**A:** Can you drive a car during the rain?

**Q:** (J) Yes, but if it is raining really hard, you avoid it. (L) Is there any particular reason why more abductions and UFO sightings occur at night?

**A:** Not correct.

**Q:** (L) So, you mean there is as much activity in the daytime as there is at night?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that blew that theory. Is it true that the vastness of space is an illusion of our units of space time?

**A:** Too complex for simple response.

**Q:** (L) Oh dear. (J) We're just way over our heads tonight, aren't we. (L) Well, let's try this one...

**A:** Trying too hard to carve impression.

**Q:** (L) Not really. We want to ask these questions...

**A:** Yes, really!

**Q:** (T) Do you have anything to impart to us? (L) Yes, you have the floor. (T) Or the table... (J) Or the walls, or the ceiling...

**A:** Just ask more simple questions instead of trying to solve major riddles in one session.

**Q:** (T) Here's an easy one: is the EM wave still circling the Earth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I don't want to ask simple questions. (J) Is this affecting the recent tropical storm? (T) Yeah, is the EM wave part of the reason for the storm out here in the Gulf?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) I don't think I have any simple questions... (J) What are the Marfa lights?

**A:** Window to this dimension leaves static.

**Q:** (T) Is there a window to this dimension... (L) In Marfa?

**A:** Many windows on Earth.

**Q:** (J) Is there any correlation between the Marfa lights and the proximity to Carlsbad caverns?

**A:** Try getting up close to Marfa lights!

**Q:** (J) Yeah, I know, you can't. As soon as you walk up close, they disappear. (L) How do they know you are walking up to them?

**A:** Not proper concept.

**Q:** (L) What is the proper concept? (T) What happens if you get close to them?

**A:** They appear at other location.

**Q:** (J) Does the EM from your body repel the light?

**A:** It is visual reality representation only.

**Q:** (J) So, they are not really there, you just think you see them?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) How close do you have to get to them for something to happen?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) You don't have to get close to them? Well, you don't have to get close to them, they're just a residue. (J) Are they a refraction of something that is going on someplace else? (T) How far...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) They are a refraction of something that is going on someplace else? (L) So, when you get close, you can no longer see them because... (J) ...the angle is wrong. Where are they actually happening, if not there?

**A:** Somewhere else from viewer.

**Q:** (J) Thanks! We got that. (T) On the surface or underground?

**A:** Review two answers past.

**Q:** (J) Are you referring to the visual reality representation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) So, they don't really exist in third density?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (J) Are they like a bleed through?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) But the event is not happening where you see the lights... where the observer sees the lights?

**A:** Terry, pay attention!

**Q:** (J) He's tired tonight. (L) Okay. Let's ditch that one, then. Now, the general scientific opinion is that the major dying of dinosaurs occurred 65 million years ago. You have given us the figure 27 million years ago. Can you explain the discrepancy?

**A:** Radio carbon dating is not exact science.

**Q:** (J) They have said that before. (L) So, you are going to stick with your 27 million?

**A:** Stick?

**Q:** (L) We must have somebody who is really on the outer fringes here! (J) Yeah, lighten up!

**A:** Same could be said for all present!

**Q:** (J) Same to you, fella! (L) Let's see if I have another fairly simple question here... (J) Don't mean to be testy tonight... (SV) Blame it on the weather. (L) I want to ask my TDARM questions because poor old Roger really stirred my brain... (F) Did he give you those questions? (L) No, but my brain was stimulated and I thought of them and if we could get some answers, it might help his theory a lot. Well, we will ditch them. Maybe Tom and Cherie have another question... (C) When are we going to finish this project?

**A:** Question should be "if," not when.

**Q:** (TF) Oh great! Thanks, Cherie! I'm going to have this hanging over me now!

**A:** Seems to be struggle within organization!

**Q:** (L) Is there? Are you getting a hassle about it? (TF) Not from the people that count. But, it's a political organization like any other. (laughter) She can do this because she doesn't have to write this thing! (L) Is there anything you can tell Tom to help make it easier?

**A:** Tom's future lies in independent career.

**Q:** (laughter) (J) Just what he wanted to hear! (TF) I may be fired! (L) No, I don't think that's what it means!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) See, you're not going to be fired!

**A:** Writing is your "calling" but as author, not journalist, your publication has so far survived being absorbed by the Consortium, but only barely, and that may not be true in the near future!

**Q:** (L) You do know what the consortium is? (TF) Are they referring to Robert Bass?

**A:** This is but one portal.

**Q:** (L) I guess that means they can get in that way or another way. Well...

**A:** You would not appreciate the changing atmosphere that would accompany a "buy out."

**Q:** (laughter) (TF) That is an understatement. (J) That means that this project would be their property and you wouldn't be able to use it.

**A:** There is much more to the puzzle than what appears on the surface!!!!!

**Q:** (TF) See what you started with your question! (T) It's all your fault, Cherie! (C) I didn't even ask about the photos! (T) That's Pulitzer stuff, there!

**A:** Photos can "disappear!"

**Q:** (J) Oh great! Oh great! (T) We are moving into the warning stuff, now.

**A:** Do you remember the curriculum at journalism school, Tom?

**Q:** (L) I'm sure he does! What's the point?

**A:** Question is for Tom.

**Q:** (TF) Sure, why?

**A:** Do you suppose there may have been any propaganda?

**Q:** (TF) I guess that depends on whose point of view. (T) That's always true.

**A:** Yours.

**Q:** (J) Yeah, what was your point of view? (TF) This is not facetious, but the only propaganda I remember was IU basketball! (laughter)

**A:** Not being aware is a symptom of successful methodology... beware!

**Q:** (L) I guess that not being aware that you are being propagandized is a symptom of good propaganda! (TF) Yeah, that would be great propaganda! (L) So, what's your point here?

**A:** You will soon become disillusioned by events soon to take place. This is good, because it will represent an awakening on your part, as you are a genuine and good hearted and honest soul.

**Q:** (J) That's nice! (TF) Whose class had propaganda?

**A:** Not point, was not class, was general direction of program, which is symptomatic of a much bigger issue.

**Q:** (C) What events are soon to take place?

**A:** Take over of employer is imminent!

**Q:** (T) Whose taking over? (L) They said the Consortium. (T) Are we talking about the overall, total media? (J) Is it just the St. Pete Times or... (T) ...that one they haven't got hold of yet... (L) Publish in a hurry...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Yes, what? (T) Either publish in a hurry or go for the book and forget the series. (TF) Don't say that in front of Cherie! (T) Her pictures can go in your book. (TF) Don't say that in front of Cherie! (laughter) You can't publish color if it's in a book. (C) If they are in a book they are bad reproductions. (T) Sorry...

**A:** Your instincts as a reporter are to uncover hidden truths, but beware that you have been trained to uncover only some types of "truth," and not others.

**Q:** (TF) I want to ask one more question about the watch. Which state of the Union is the body of water located where the watch is?

**A:** Do not know, as we access visual reference only, and cannot determine artificially designated borders in this instance. If watch were lost next to road sign, for example, it might be different!

**Q:** (TF) Is the area around the body of water flat or mountainous?

**A:** Appears to be "broken."

**Q:** (L) The area appears to be broken?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Rough terrain? (TF) Why was my father in church?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (TF) Was it a ceremony involving one of his children?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Maybe is a better answer than "open." (L) Jan, tell Tom about your Margaret S\_\_\_ thing. (J) God, I can't believe you remembered that name! (L) I remember everything I type after I type it!

(J) That's amazing. Yeah, I had a little thing that I wanted the Cassiopaeans to answer for me, and they had a real hard time visualizing it for me... they just kind of focus in on...

(L) No, they visualized it extremely well; they saw you in a basement with your friends with candles and they described it as some sort of ritual activity. Jan wanted them to tell what she was doing...

(J) Actually, I wanted them to repeat a phrase... we were doing, I guess, some sort of black magic, trying to put the whammy on a biology teacher that nobody liked... (laughter)

(L) Jan has a past...

(T) The thing is, with the channel, they see what we see, they know what we know... what's in your mind and subconscious...

(L) ...or what you saw...

(T) Anything that is not within the channel itself, they cannot pick up...

(L) Oh, no! They have come through with tons of stuff that's not in this room or in anybody's mind in here!

(TF) If they only know what's in ya'll's mind, how can you ask questions about Jesus... how could that be within...

(L) I think what they do is focus on a point in space/time that they access like a computer, but that all of the artificial constructions that we have created to separate and define are like Greek to them.

(J) Well, time is definitely something that man has created because we live on a planet that has days and nights and the passage of seasons. If we lived on a planet that did not have days and nights and passing seasons, we would not have the concept of time. (F) Or, if you were floating around in space...

(J) ...then you wouldn't have up or down either...

(L) The other night I was looking for a bottle of ear drops. We asked the Cassiopaeans where they were. They said: in the bedroom, drawer, white cloth and symbols. Well, I found them in a make-up bag on top of the drawer, the bag being lined with white cloth. And, what is make-up but "symbols?"

(F) That's interesting because I had forgotten about that.

(L) Yes, it is strange what is accessed and how it is represented. Tom, do you think there are going to be changes at the Times?

(TF) No.

(L) Well, you might want to consider getting this thing finished as soon as possible anyway...

**A:** Will be a "take-over," count on it!

**Q:** (TF) I guess there could be different kinds of take-overs. (J) Yeah. It could be just a change in management. (L) Okay, Cherie, do you have any other questions? (laughter) (C) I'm thinking. (L) Now that you opened that can of worms... (J) Worms are Us! (TF) I didn't mean to monopolize this session... (J) You didn't. Don't worry about it! (T) Not at all! (LM) [just coming in the room] What was the question and what was the answer? (L) It was a whole series of them. Cherie asked a question that opened a whole can of worms. (TF) Bottom line is: I have to write quickly! (L) Yes, worms came squirming out all over the place. (J) Changes, take-overs... change of atmosphere... (L) What would you do if that happened? (TF) I don't know... you just have to roll with the punches. (L) Okay, they don't want me to ask any of my time travel questions... (T) I am at zero energy level tonight... (L) That must be what our problem is. Terry is over there zoning out on us. (TF) What do you mean "what your problem is?" (L) Well, when any one of us has low energy, it limits the reception. (J) Why is Terry's energy is so low tonight?

**A:** Has virus.

**Q:** (SV) Don't breathe this way! (T) Ebola is here! (L) I was curious about the kamikaze virus I had the other day. It made me think about virii in general. Since virii don't have DNA, is it possible that they could be used to modify DNA?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Well, that's good. (TF) They don't have DNA? Do they have RNA? (L) Well, they are missing one or the other... (J) They are cellular parasites... (SV) Are you going to ask more about the tunnels? (L) Were there any ramifications to this virus not apparent on the surface?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (J) When I got home from work the other day. I realized that I was hungry and suddenly I got the shakes and I was real dizzy. I rushed in and made myself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and drank a glass of milk and it seemed to calm me down. Was this because I had not eaten?

**A:** Low blood sugar.

**Q:** (J) Is that indicative of a condition that I have now?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean she has a.)hypoglycemia or b) hyperinsulinism?

**A:** No, no.

**Q:** (L) Neither. Was it just a momentary low blood sugar condition from working too long without eating?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) I physically had the shakes and I was dizzy and nauseous. (TF) What was the Mmmmmmm sound in my father's dreams? (L) You're big into dreams, huh? (TF) It's a family thing!

**A:** Was accessing sound waves in alpha state not normally audible.

**Q:** (TF) Why did he find the dreams so threatening?

**A:** His interpretation.

**Q:** (L) Maybe it was something he didn't understand and it scared him. (TF) Was it related to Germany?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TF) He had a series of dreams one summer, 1943, and it was interesting because his father, the dream analyst, could help him with it.

(F) Was his father a dream analyst?

(TF) Right. The same one that lost the watch.

(L) Was there some kind of antagonism between them?

(TF) Well, he was a Freudian dream analyst, so, yes! (laughter) Nothing more than the normal father-son stuff.

(L) Is there such a thing as normal father-son stuff?

(SV) I doubt it.

(TF) That's true.

(L) Nothing on this planet is normal, or so it would seem. Well, unless somebody has a real outstanding question they just have to ask, I think we should shut down for the night.

END OF SESSION

