## April 22, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Lioa.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have a couple of personal questions for the Konicovs. Are you willing to answer those questions for them?

**A:** Konikovs prone to vendetta.

**Q:** (L) They are prone to do vendetta's themselves?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are they the object of some sort of vendetta?

**A:** All inclusive.

**Q:** (T) All inclusive of what?

**A:** Mindset.

**Q:** (J) Are they paranoid?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Well, they have four names. Can I give the names and you give a response to each name? These are people they have been associated with and they would like to know...

**A:** We do not wish to be used for personal life direction by those who take an outwardly orientation. We have given answers for these people before, and you do not know what they have done with information.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_\_ wanted to ask if the Naropa Institute in Boulder would be a good place for her to go to school?

**A:** More on previous subject: Suggest tread softly and use diplomacy, not what Terry suggested!

**Q:** (L) Yes, we don't want to tick them off. (J) Well, I don't like to lie. (L) Well, there are lies that are okay lies and there are lies that are hurt lies...

**A:** Yes. After further "online" connection with Konikovs, will communicate helpful information.

**Q:** (L) Do you want me to get them on the phone?

**A:** That was in "quotes."

**Q:** (L) V\_\_\_ and I talked about points of entry of discarnates. I remember that Jan talked about something getting her on the back of the neck as she was sitting at the computer. I would like to know if there is any common entry point for these kinds of connections?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Can it occur at any place?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the back of the neck a common place?

**A:** Common?

**Q:** (J) Do they find your physical weak spots and enter there?

**A:** Physical is not issue.

**Q:** (L) So, they find your auric weak spots?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are your auric weak spots sometimes reflected in your physical?

**A:** All is possible.

**Q:** (L) During the time that we all had the pains in our shoulders, was this a psychic attack?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, you said that this was evidence of DNA changes. Was it that?

**A:** How does one learn?

**Q:** (L) Since we are not equipped to examine genetic material and find out about DNA changes, we are kind of relying on you to tell us when DNA changing is going on. You indicated at the time that this was DNA changes.

**A:** Network.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything going on with this heating up process, this feeling of being hot?

**A:** Paranoia will destroy ya.

**Q:** (L) Well, I'm not being paranoid. In seriousness, is there anything going on with vibrational changes. Is this heat a reflection of this?

**A:** In seriousness, no.

**Q:** (T) When we do the channeling and Reiki does that generate body heat?

**A:** Higher energy.

**Q:** (T) Does that translate into heat?

**A:** Yes in third density.

**Q:** (L) When I was reading our little bit about Oak Island the other day, I noticed that we never followed up on certain things. Could we ask on that now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you said at that time that a Transdimensional Atomic Remolecularizer was buried at Oak Island. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who buried it there?

**A:** Learn.

**Q:** (L) Well, we are getting ready to learn because you are going to teach us, is that correct?

**A:** You already have tools.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean we already have tools?

**A:** We are trying to teach you to use your most precious commodity.

**Q:** (L) And that is, of course, our minds?

**A:** You betcha!

**Q:** (L) Speaking of precious commodities, since my accident, my brain has been doing some very strange things. When I write, I transpose letters. I get blank spots. I have been doing some other very strange things, playing with seeing if I know something and then discovering that I do. It is really kind of strange and I wonder if that accident had anything to do with these strange happenings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, when I hit my head, I really hit my head! (J) Scrambled your brains.

**A:** Not issue.

**Q:** (L) What is the issue? Can you tell me exactly what it did to my head?

**A:** Not issue.

**Q:** (L) What is the issue? (J) We were talking about learning. (L) Did this event do something to help me learn in a different way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then, I shouldn't worry about it. (T) Now you have to learn to work with it. (J) Let's not get sidetracked. (L) Let's go back to Oak Island. Okay. What I read about Oak Island was that there were legends of lights being seen there prior to 1703.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Prior to 1703 would put the burial of whatever is there at least prior to that time, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Were those lights the lights of craft of other beings other than the natives of this planet?

**A:** Electromagnetic profile.

**Q:** (L) What was noticed when the kids arrived on the Island was that a limb was sawed off of a tree over the depression and there were marks of a rope and pulleys having been utilized. (T) If something more advanced dug the pit, they wouldn't have used chain hoists and pulleys. (L) That is what I am getting at. So, if there was evidence of this kind of stuff on the tree, it would seem to indicate that somebody had been doing something there who was a little more human or limited in their technology, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, my thought is that, it is beyond human technology to have produced that pit at that point in history?

**A:** Beyond known technology.

**Q:** (L) And yet humans may have been involved in that activity?

**A:** Bingo.

**Q:** (J) Think back to when we were talking about it and you mentioned the lights.

**A:** Some humans have always communed with "higher" powers.

**Q:** (L) So, humans my have actually... (J) Like those little kids that broke into those houses and did all that damage. They could have done it themselves, but they had to be directed to do it. I think it is a good analogy.

**A:** Not good analogy, we are speaking of conscious communion in this and other and instances.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there was conscious communion between humans and other powers in the building of this pit. What group of humans was this?

**A:** It's fun learn.

**Q:** (J) How about pirates? (L) Well, who was in this area? Eskimos?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Indians?

**A:** Keep going, network.

**Q:** (L) There was the French and the English. How about the Vikings? (F) No, the Vikings were 600 years before that. (T) Well, we don't know how long ago the pit was dug. (J) I'm still... yeah, good question. (L) When was the pit dug?

**A:** 1500s. Nationality is not issue.

**Q:** (T) Well, this pit was dug sometime in the middle of the 1500s. (J) And it was discovered in the 1700s.

**A:** Access sect information.

**Q:** (L) So, it could have been a religious group.

**A:** Now, who claimed communion, Laura has in memory banks from absorption of mass reading practice.

**Q:** (F) Was there a sect from that era that claimed communion?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I think that this may have had something to do with the people that later became known as the Cajuns, a French religious sect that was living there...

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Now, this article says that it would have taken a hundred men working every day for six months to have built this pit...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The article also says that it must have been dug in 1780...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When they drilled into the pit, some bits of gold came up and a piece of parchment and maybe some other odds and ends. What were these?

**A:** Alchemy.

**Q:** (T) The remolecularizer made it. (L) Why not? If these people were involved in doing this, why did they do it?

**A:** Instructed to do it.

**Q:** (L) They were instructed by the higher powers they were in contact with, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did they intend to do with it once it was there? Did someone intend to come back for it at some point in time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Maybe it was a lesson. (T) Is it buried there in that location for a specific reason?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (L) Does it do something? (T) Does the location itself have something to do with the purpose of it?

**A:** Magnetic.

**Q:** (T) Are there other ones buried on the planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are they aligned to each other on the planet in some kind of geometric pattern?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Do they all work together?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Oh, we're getting too close now, they don't want to tell us. (J) Can you tell us where some of the other ones are?

**A:** Use mind, that is what it is there for.

**Q:** (T) We are using our minds. And, we are talking to you about this. We are friendly.

**A:** Shortcut city.

**Q:** (T) Yeah! That's what it is all about. We are still third density! If we use...

**A:** It's not nice to fool Mother Cassiopaea!

**Q:** {Laughter} (T) Mirth! If we were to follow the coordinates where this thing is buried, would it lead us to others?

**A:** Try it and see. When L\_\_ said he wanted to hunt for buried treasure, do you think he had this in mind?

**Q:** (T) Is there a remolecularizer under us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I want to get back to the function of this thing. You say it is buried not to be dug up. It is actually buried to stay there? Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then that explains a lot of things about the way it was buried. There was found, at a certain level, a rock with carving on it. It was destroyed through carelessness. I am curious as to what this said. Can you access this and tell us what it said?

**A:** Measure marker.

**Q:** (J) Could it be possible that this device was somehow related to the crystal pyramid of Atlantis?

**A:** In a small sense.

**Q:** (J) Did the pyramid have anything to do with powering this device?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) It is obvious that the device was buried long after the pyramid was there, but it may have tapped into the power. (L) Is this device continuously operational?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What stimulates it to go into operation? That is, assuming it does.

**A:** Magnetic anomalies.

**Q:** (J) Is it affected by earthquakes?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (L) Are these magnetic anomalies ones that occur naturally on the planet?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) So, they can occur naturally on the planet or they can be generated or stimulated by some other source?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When this machine is activated, what happens?

**A:** Too vague.

**Q:** (J) Is this device a doorway for entry into this dimension?

**A:** Can be used as such.

**Q:** (J) Is it possibly a lock on a doorway into this dimension?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Is it a focal point for entry into this dimension?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is it a stand-alone machine or is it to be used in conjunction with others?

**A:** Either.

**Q:** (J) Oh. So, they are networked together and if it is a small job, one can do it but if it is a big job they can all activate. (T) Do each of them cover a certain area of the planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) You said that they don't have to all work at the same time; they can work independently of each other? Are they positioned in such a way if something small happens only a couple of them kick in, but if something large happens, as many as necessary?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (T) Were they placed here to keep the planet stable in some sense?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Who owns it?

**A:** Owns?

**Q:** (L) Who built it?

**A:** Answer for yourself, and enough, already on this subject!!!!

**Q:** (J) I think I just heard a door slam! (L) I want to go to the terrorist bomb attack that just happened. Can we talk about this?

**A:** You can always ask any and all questions, no need ask for permission, if unanswerable for any reason, we will let you know.

**Q:** (L) Okay. We received a prediction on this terrorist bomb attack on February 25th, at which time you said there would be a terrorist bomb attack in Washington D.C. within a month or thereabouts, which was related to an ongoing trial which was identified as the one of the Moslem terrorists who bombed the Twin Towers. Can you tell us if this is the bomb that was supposed to be set off in Washington, but was then moved to Oklahoma because of security intensification?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, no terrorist bomb attack took place in Washington. Can you tell us why?

**A:** Yet.

**Q:** (L) It is yet to happen?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) The bomb in Oklahoma is being connected to the Patriot movement. Is this, in point of fact, who is behind this attack?

**A:** There is no unified movement as such, in either purpose or direction. This is extremely fragmented!

**Q:** (J) I read that it may be related to the Branch Davidians. (L) Is that true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Loose cannons? (T) Are the one world government people behind it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were the guys who did this just loose cannons?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So this was just... (J) A couple of fruitcakes got together and... (L) Fruited?

**A:** It is very easy to be manipulated, thus be confused and see demons where there are none and the opposite.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that these guys were manipulated?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you identify the source of the manipulation?

**A:** Varied.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a couple of hints, here. Name one of the sources of the manipulation?

**A:** Lizard race.

**Q:** (T) Name another.

**A:** All their agents conscious and otherwise.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us who are some of the human Lizard agents? (LM) Organizationally. (L) We won't tell!

**A:** All humans are at one "time" or another.

**Q:** (L) Yes. Nobody is immune to this manipulation. And that brings me back to the subject of the phone call from S\_\_\_ the other day. I would like to know what was the motivation behind that phone call?

**A:** Dumping excess stuff.

**Q:** (L) It wasn't in the nature of a fishing expedition? (J) Or an attempt at reconciliation?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Well, that would be some of her excess stuff. (L) Do you mean excess stuff in terms of her emotions or whatever?

**A:** Answers are easier when questions are pin pointed.

**Q:** (L) Did she call for reconciliation?

**A:** Unconsciously, maybe.

**Q:** (L) Did she call because that bunch at the Metaphysical Church put her up to it?

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (L) Is she still connected to M\_\_ F\_\_?

**A:** Barely.

**Q:** (L) Well, it doesn't matter. Why have the roaches been so crazy in the last week or so. They have really been outrageous.

**A:** Electromagnetism.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this Electromagnetism?

**A:** EM field disturbance.

**Q:** (T) What has disturbed the field?

**A:** Seismic.

**Q:** (L) Where is it going to "seat."

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think something is going to happen because every time I have seen the roaches act this way, something has happened. Earthquakes, hurricanes, planes crashing and so forth. What is the size and locus of it at this point?

**A:** Moving continuously.

**Q:** (L) Is this a fairly large disturbance?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Where was it before it came here?

**A:** Circling earth at 6500 r.p.m.

**Q:** (L) Per minute?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (LM) Is this subterranean or atmospheric?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this EM disturbance?

**A:** Too complicated.

**Q:** (J) I hate it when they say that! (LM) How about in a nutshell? Is it a natural occurrence or is it being generated from other dimensions?

**A:** Natural.

**Q:** (L) Is it from some activity within the planet itself, or the planet's reaction to cosmic waves?

**A:** In and around.

**Q:** (J) Is this a normal occurrence?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Has this happened before?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) When?

**A:** Four months ago.

**Q:** (L) What happened four months ago?

**A:** Access memory.

**Q:** (T) Well, the Japanese earthquake happened four months ago. (L) Is this what you are referring to?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (LM) Is it most likely to hit a fault again?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is this going to show up as an earth change of some kind?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a prediction on it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) This has been going on for a while, now. (L) About ten days I think. (J) Is ten days accurate?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) What is the general time period to play itself out?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is it going to center on Laura's house? {Laughter}

**A:** Open. If so, suggest "vacation."

**Q:** {Laughter} (J) Any suggestions as to where they should go? (LM) Los Angeles. (T) That's a good spot for the summer Olympics! I hear the U.S. Team has a real good chance of getting gold and breaking windows this year. (L) Once again, I will ask for V\_\_\_ if the Naropa institute is a good environment for her to continue her studies?

**A:** If she chooses.

**Q:** (L) My mother wants to know what are the ramifications of cremation. She has read some things on the subject and she is a little concerned about it. (T) They don't do it until after you're dead.

**A:** None.

**Q:** (L) So, it's okay to cremate the body and...

**A:** Body is third density not fifth density.

**Q:** (L) The reason she is concerned is because she read a book that says it takes a while for the soul to completely separate from the body and that there is a "cellular" consciousness that might experience pain for some time after death at least until every little cell dies individually. Is any of this true?

**A:** No. When the soul leaves, it leaves instantly. There is no body consciousness that remains and dies "slowly." Once dead, dead.

**Q:** (T) The only pain it causes is to those selling cemetery lots and exorbitant funerals who hope that the cremation trend does not continue! (F) If people continue to be buried, aren't we going to run out of space? (T) Some places are recycling the graveyards! I want to be cremated. (LM) Let's go outside! (T) Not right now! Not 'til I'm dead, L\_\_. Then it won't hurt! {Laughter} (J) Ah, get some gasoline and come on outside! (LM) I was just kidding! {Laughter} (T) Yes, we had our kitty, Mr. Scott cremated and when I die I want to be cremated and I want Mr. Scott's remains poured in with me so I will have my kitty with me and Mr. Scott won't be alone. (L) That is very touching, Terry. A little sick, but touching. (LM) Why don't you grow some tomatoes and fertilize them with Mr. Scott and then you'll have him with you. (T) But, what goes in, must come out! And then he'd be gone!

{Break}

**Q:** (T) A few sessions back you used the term "take." What did this mean?

**A:** "Take" means what ever it is associated with.

**Q:** (J) I watched a couple of programs last night on television. One of them was about a man who was struck by lightening about 20 years ago and this strike greatly increased his psychic abilities. I was wondering if that is a normal by-product of being struck by lightening?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Do the enhanced psychic abilities remain or decline after a while?

**A:** Stays.

**Q:** (L) Did my blow to the head in the wreck I was in last December increase my psychic abilities?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (J) We were watching a program about the pyramids in Egypt and they were saying that there was nothing magical or unusual about how the formula was arrived at by which the pyramids were built. Originally they were trying to measure it with tapes that stretched and are inaccurate. So, they decided that they used a measuring wheel which would have enabled them to do it without any great mathematical computation. Is that correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) You knew that. (T) Is this why pi appears in the mathematics of the pyramid?

**A:** Take means subject. I.E. a different "take" on the subject.

**Q:** (J) So, we should take a different tack on a subject. (LM) Well all the textbooks show a hundred thousand slaves rolling blocks on logs to build the pyramids. (L) It was done with sound wave focusing.

**A:** Textbooks are propaganda.

**Q:** (T) Was it built the same way the Coral Castle was built?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) I want my husband to get me a bucket seat and suspend it from the tree so that I spin in it. If I do this, will I develop strange abilities?

**A:** Yes, dizziness.

**Q:** (L) Did the guy who built the Coral Castle sit in his airplane seat suspended from the ceiling and spin in it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Was the airplane seat suspended from the ceiling in his room part of how he did his work?

**A:** If you spin, it must be a precise method, not just spinning randomly.

**Q:** (L) Did he discover a precise method for spinning to do such things?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) So many turns and precise direction? (L) Can we follow up on this? Is there something on this moving things with sound that you can tell us? (J) What about a precise method for spinning?

**A:** Suggest experimentation.

**Q:** (L) What is wrong with my ear?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Something is wrong with my ear. (J) Describe it. (L) No, it's too gross. (J) Do it.

**A:** Fatty tissue.

**Q:** (L) That can't be it! My ear is developing and exuding black tarry stuff. I think it is blood and ear wax mixed.

**A:** No. Fatty tissue.

**Q:** (L) Why is it doing this?

**A:** Inner ear.

**Q:** (T) Is there something wrong with Laura's inner ear?

**A:** Not to worry about.

**Q:** (L) Have I been doing the right thing by using the peroxide, alcohol and vinegar?

**A:** Okay but easy does it.

**Q:** (L) Well, it's only the one ear. The other ear is fine. (T) Can you hear okay? (L) Yes. (J) Some people have real active wax production. (L) But it is only one ear. And it is the ear I use the most.

**A:** Worry not.

**Q:** (T) Easy for them to say, they don't have ears. (L) Okay, a quick one here: am I going to get my {insurance} settlement soon?

**A:** Open. Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but I am broke right now.

**A:** Have been before, and you survived.

**Q:** (L) I am so broke I can't even buy food.

**A:** Will not last long.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have a lot of things I need to do. How am I going to pay for the conference, for example?

**A:** Faith. Time to say goodnight.

**Q:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

