## June 17, 1995
Frank Direct Channeling, Laura, SV, Terry and Jan

[Laura inducts Frank into hypnosis.]

**Q:** (L) When the connection is completed, please indicate by saying "I am ready." [Pause] Are you ready?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we do have questions and I think Terry will start us off this evening. (T) How did FDR die?

**A:** Due to a cerebral hemorrhage.

**Q:** (T) It was a natural death, then?

**A:** Yes. All death is natural.

**Q:** (T) It was not a death contrived by someone else?

**A:** We don't understand the reference.

**Q:** (T) He wasn't assassinated in some way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What about Pope John Paul I? The pope who served for one month? Please speak as loudly and clearly as possible.

**A:** It is the comfort of the subject being used as channel or conduit that is the most important factor in clear speaking and increase of volume. This can be a more useful method for channeling information if all circumstances are optimal levels.

**Q:** (L) What else can we do for comfort?

**A:** Placement of object to right of subject's head is somewhat inhibiting flow of energy. Please place some form of sustaining object or brace to the left subject's head.

**Q:** [Adjustments made] (SV) Is that better? (J) I recommend you get him settled before he even goes into trance. (L) I would but he is so hard headed he won't listen to my suggestions. He says "I'm fine," but then he isn't. Back to the question, what caused the death of the Pope, John Paul I.

**A:** Unfortunately, as has been indicated by us before, sometimes you ask questions that we will not be able to answer for you. Not because the answers are unknown, but rather because knowing the answers could prove harmful to you.

**Q:** (T) Well, that is an answer in itself. He didn't die naturally.

**A:** Speculation is harmless when compared to irrefutable, confirmed knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Okay, Susan had a question that we discussed earlier this week as to what is taking place when craft that are described to be belonging to "aliens" begin to strobe as opposed to pulsating or merely blinking or other configurations. In other words, what are the different configurations of light emanations and what do they indicate?

**A:** It is interesting when you pose multiple questions. Please choose one.

**Q:** (L) Is there something indicated by a UFO as to its condition or status or proposed activity when it changes its light emanation?

**A:** That is a confusing thought pattern.

**Q:** (L) Okay, say a specific UFO is seen. When it is first seen it appears metallic. In a bit it begins to glow with light of some or another color. Then, after a few minutes of glowing, it begins to strobe - flashing a very bright light. What could this indicate?

**A:** We do not mean to be difficult, but the term "Strobe" is still not completely clear to us. That seems to be an artificial construction of your plane that we are not familiar with.

**Q:** (L) Well, just moving from a glow to a blinding flashing.

**A:** Well, you must be aware, first of all, as we have told you before, and as you have, in fact, gained knowledge from other sources prior to your communications with us, the entire subject matter referred to as "UFOs" is extremely varied and multi-faceted in nature and does not represent any one condition, entity, source of entities, mode of transport, density level, or anything else related to these.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, we would have to specify a specific sighting and condition in order to obtain an answer to this particular question or type of question?

**A:** Well, let us ask you, would that not be the wisest course of action?

**Q:** (J) I think I have a way out of that. Possibly we are referring to the type of sightings that are typical in the Gulf Breeze area where they...

**A:** Be aware of the fact, please, that the whole Gulf Breeze situation is rather interesting in many ways. And, when we say "rather interesting," we are being subjective viewing the subjective from your point of view. There is more going on there than meets the eye... again, from your point of view... not from our point of view, for we know what's going on there. And this brings us to another point that should be taken at this point, no pun intended, that is that your line of questioning, in this particular session, does seem to be developing a pattern; that being trying to find answers to mysteries which, if found, could cause difficulties for you. Example one being Pope John Paul's death, as you call it, and example two, Gulf Breeze. If you were to know the answers to these questions, we can assure you that it would not be long, as you measure time, before ramifications would result that would not be pleasant for you. This is because all entities concerned with these various subject matters are strictly STS, and, in fact, involved in practices that, if revealed in their entirety, would be damaging to the efforts of those seeking to serve self in the ways that they are seeking service of self. So, it is not possible for us to go into any great detail about lights seen at Gulf Breeze as it would be possible for you to infer from the information given, various bits and pieces of information, which could lead you to knowledge that it would be best that you not possess currently. Do you understand?

**Q:** (T) Are you suggesting that sometime in the future that it might be possible and helpful for us to know these things?

**A:** Well, we sincerely try not to suggest, but rather, communicate, and the communication intent was to indicate that it would be more beneficial, perhaps, to gain awareness of these subjects in detail in what you would describe as your future, than would be the case in what you would describe as your present.

**Q:** (J) So sometimes knowledge is [Terry interjects and both comments lost] (T) Knowledge without understanding...

**A:** Incorrect. Knowledge protects, but there is an old saying on your third density world [(J) I know what's coming...] a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing... [(J) Got it!] and we will add to that "a little bit of knowledge is no knowledge at all." Understood?

**Q:** (L) Yes... (J) Is this kind of like along the line of "Knowledge out of context is dangerous."

**A:** That would be accurate as well.

**Q:** (L) Well, since we are not going to go anywhere with that question, I have another one... a couple of nights ago I did a session with my son to examine the events that took place on August 16, 1993, over my pool, wherein a couple of UFO-type objects were seen by all of us, kind of casually drifting by. In this hypnosis session, after two or three passes through the subject, he indicated that, in fact, that was not merely a sighting of something going overhead, but was actually an abduction situation. Would that be correct?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Knowing what I know now, I think so.

**A:** The reason we ask this is, again we must reiterate, your learning is to be more and more accomplished by utilizing the tools you have within you, and, we are happy to see that you are, indeed, doing this. But you must trust in your own ability to access the information you need through your own efforts.

**Q:** (L) One remark he made during this session, and this startled me a little, and I would like to get a little amplification on the subject, was that toward the end when I asked what happened, he said that he was "taken apart and beamed back down without benefit of a pain suppressor." This meant that when he was demolecularized some sort of device that is used to suppress pain was not used, and the process of atomic demolecularization or remolecularization can actually be painful, and can cause distress. Is this correct?

**A:** Possibly. The whole process of abduction can be stressful, but, to varying degrees and, of course, we must remind you that, as with everything else, it is your own perception of reality that is the most important factor, not some notion of your own perception of reality.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand what you mean. Is there some device that... does it hurt to be taken to pieces molecularly, beamed aboard a space ship and then sent back. (J) Can this be painful to the body?

**A:** Well, first of all, you are getting way ahead of yourself. Do you honestly believe that a beam of light came down and "took you to pieces," moved your body physically onboard a space vehicle, did some form of examination or some such thing and then reassembled your entire body without a pain suppressor? Is this what you believe?

**Q:** (L) Well, he didn't say it happened to me, he said it happened to him. (J) We have never heard the term "Pain suppressor" before. (L) Yes, we have never heard anything about anything like this; and do I believe a beam of light could have come down and disassembled us and reassembled me, and then something was done to me? Well, from what I have studied I would say it is possible. I mean, knowing about the time manipulation capabilities of said entities, it is entirely possible that it could have happened without any awareness of any loss of time whatsoever.

**A:** Yes, this is true, however, we have told you in previous sessions, in detail, the methodology that is used for what you refer to as "abduction." And, if you are familiar with the transcripts that you have now created, you know precisely how this is done. Your description of it is not completely correct as referenced in the hypnosis session you speak of, or at least your interpretation of the information given during the hypnosis session given is not correct.

Now, it must be noted here, that when we make such clarifying statements such as "this is not correct" or "that is not correct," it is unusual for us to do this because the nature of your state of being and all others is one involving various degrees of bonded illusion. Therefore any and all possibilities are present in most instances. However, when two or more of these bonds of the illusion are misaligned, then, indeed, absolute correctness or absolute incorrectness is possible. In this case, there is a misalignment of the bonding. Therefore, it is, in fact, completely incorrect.

And, furthermore, to explain exactly the process again, even though we do very much desire for you to learn, and we sense that perhaps you are getting ahead of yourself in the learning curve, as it were, which is somewhat distressing, but we will worry about that later; the main thing is that you have been told how this process takes place. We will now repeat it. Please do try to retain this knowledge as it is very important not only for what, perhaps, has happened in your reality as you would refer to it as your past, but also in possible variations of your present and in what you refer to as your future. These experiences must be known in their entirety as to what they really are.

You are not normally removed as a physical third density being from one locator to another. What happens is very simple. The time frame is normally frozen, and we use the term "frozen" for lack of a better term. What this means is that your perception of time in your physical locator, third density body, ceases to pass during this period of time that is called "zero time" variously by members of your human race. What happens is that the soul imprint occupying or of that particular host body is removed forcibly, transported to another locator, and remolecularized as a separate physical entity body for purpose of examination, implantation, and other. Then, it is demolecularized - the soul imprint is used for the purpose of duplication process - it is then demolecularized and the soul imprint is replaced in the original body at the original locator. That is the process that takes place.

On occasion, the fourth density beings doing the abduction can actually make a mistake in the time referencing points of the third density illusion. This may create the effect of the appearance of an alternate or duplicate experience, when, in actuality there has only been one experience. This was what happened in your case. As you perceived the passage of two "ships" for lack of a better term, when in actuality, there was only one. That is because the time frame reference illusion was not completely matched from beginning of event to the end of the event in zero time. Normally, however, that is not a problem.

On rare occasions, the host, or the subject of the abduction can actually find themselves replaced in the time frame illusion in what could appear to be several hours, day, weeks, or even, sadly, years prior to the beginning of the event, which, of course, could cause side effects such as total insanity and other such things. Fortunately that did not occur in your case, but there was some fracturing of the time frame reference illusion. This is why you thought you saw two ships when in actuality you only saw one.

Now, it is most important that you understand that this is not a physical, third density experience in its entirety. There is the soul imprint that all first density, second density, third density, and fourth density beings possess, as you already know; that is extracted. From that soul imprint a duplicate copy or cloning, if you will, which appears on fourth density, can then be made and studied and the soul imprint is then replaced into the original body at whatever density it was taken. This is normally how the process is done.

Most often, if the third density being is removed in total physicality, there is no return of that being to third density. They are permanently removed to fourth density. Most often that is what takes place although on rare occasions there can be return. However, there is no need for this as complete duplication for all purposes of examination, alteration of sensate, and implanting; need not be done on third density; can be done completely in the fourth density duplication process. Do you understand?

**Q:** (T) How does the implant come back to the third density body that's originally still here?

**A:** The process we are describing, which involves the remolecularization; it is very complex to try and describe how the fourth density is translated into third density, except that once the duplicate, the fourth density cloning, or duplicate is present, all fourth density realities surrounding that fourth density duplicate will be matched in third density whenever and wherever desired. Because, in effect it is the entire density level which is being exchanged, not just the object contained within.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, just as the soul imprint, when it goes into fourth density, can be used as a template to create a carbon copy, so to speak, then anything that is done to the carbon copy then becomes a template that recreates that same manifestation when it is sent back into the third

**A:** Precisely. With the only variance there being that technology is used to make sure that implants, or added material that comes from fourth density, is such that it will also translate equally into third density through the remolecularization process.

**Q:** (L) Is there any method that we could or should know about to remove or deactivate implants.

**A:** No, you are not capable of doing that without causing death of the host. And, by the way, please don't believe those who claim that they can do such things as they cannot.

**Q:** (L) So, in this particular case, something was done, something occurred here, which affected me. My subsequent physical condition makes me curious as to whether the physical reactions I had for six to nine months, and still have occasionally, following this event, were a third density reaction to the, what you call, fracturing of time. Was this an aberration or was this intentional?

**A:** My, my my. My, my, my. You take one subject and launch forward into another. You create your own reality, Laura. That really is impressive! But, of course, incorrect, sorry to say! It does not occur as a result of the "fracturing" of the time frame reference illusion. It occurs as a result, simply and merely, of your psychic impression imprint of the experience itself reflecting back into your third density physical reality. As we have told you before, of course, and we don't mean to sound snide or condescending, however we are just a bit perturbed that you do not seem to be keeping up with your own transcripts.

**Q:** (L) Well, since that question was never answered...

**A:** It was never answered incorrectly in that way. However if you were familiar with the transcripts, you would realize that it was answered.

**Q:** (L) Well, it just gave me food for thought hearing about the "Time fracturing." (T) Is the pain that Laura's son described not what he said it was, but rather the pain that is related when the fourth density being removes the life force?

**A:** Life force is never removed. The soul is extracted. In answer to your question: Laura's son is merely expressing the discomfort and distress that most third and second density beings experience when abducted by fourth density service to self entities.

**Q:** (L) Why did they only abduct Jason and myself and not the girls?

**A:** Did they?

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what he said. And, you have said that the girls have not been abducted.

**A:** Well, I guess that answers the question then.

**Q:** (L) Well, why? Why only him and me?

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (J) Just random? (L) Was it a random abduction?

**A:** As we have said before, you have been making progress in learning through your own resources. But, we would hate to see you fall back.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't want to fall back and I have no intention of not pursuing this matter through my own resources. But, using myself as a case in point, I am trying to find out a little bit about the nature of the abduction process in general. I mean, is it done randomly or is it done to specific persons for specific reasons? My thought is that maybe specific people are targeted to put them out of commission. But, then, that seems a little egotistical and I don't want to stumble over ego and say that I am being abducted to put me out of commission and somebody else is being abducted randomly.

**A:** Well, I hope this following statement will not disturb you. Any STS being who possesses a greater power than you do will not have any extreme difficulty in "putting you out of commission" if they so desire. This has happened, of course.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask a little bit about synchronicity. I would like to know what is the source of synchronous events. Is it a multiple source or is it something that comes out of the percipient's own mind or... (J) is it random?

**A:** Imagine a young school child walking along the street, standing beside a rose bush, picking one of the flowers, and asking the flower: "Would you please explain Einstein's theory of relativity to me today." Now, the analogy here is, while humorous, perhaps, is also to point out to you that we admire and appreciate the challenges that you bring to us to answer such complex questions in such a simple form, not to mention such a simple format. However, if we were to answer these accurately and adequately for you when you ask such complicated questions, it would require a session lasting approximately twenty-four of your days non-stop. Needless to say that this would render the subject rather useless and, of course, yourselves as well. So, we aren't simply not able to answer a question as complex as "What is synchronicity" as it is incredibly complex. It involves aspects in every imaginable state of reality merging together in what could best be described, if seen visually, as a massive mosaic in perfect balance. But, that is not adequate to a response for your question however, hopefully, maybe you can contemplate the visual image presented and help yourself to learn a more complete answer.

**Q:** (T) Several sessions back when we were discussing "Perpendicular Realities" you were talking about something that happened to me and that I had to look back over my life and analyze my relationships with other people from a certain point up until now and you said that this was a perpendicular reality. What is the definition of a perpendicular reality?

**A:** The perpendicular reality primarily, though not exclusively, refers to one's life path and how one's life path fits together in the cycle or in a wheel when connected with those of a similar life path. And, oddly enough, relates very closely to the previous question involving synchronicity. If you can picture an inlaid wheel formed by a circle within a circle, and adjoining partitions in a perfect balance, that would be the best representation of perpendicular reality for it does not completely involve one individual's experience, but rather a group of individual's experience for the progression of a greater purpose, if you understand what we mean. This is what we mean when we say: perpendicular reality. Picture again, a circle within a circle adjoined by equally spaced partitions in a perfect cycle. That is perpendicular reality.

**Q:** (T) You had us draw this symbol and put seven spokes or partitions between the two circles.

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (T) Is seven the optimal number?

**A:** Seven is always the optimal number. There are seven levels of density. This reflects through all phases of reality.

**Q:** (T) The people that I interacted with during this time, they also have gone on to do other things that they were supposed to be doing because of their interaction with me in this perpendicular reality that we all existed in?

**A:** That's correct.

**Q:** (T) You also said that each of us in this group came from a different perpendicular reality.

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (T) Is it at this point where we merge our different perpendicular realities in order to learn from each other's experiences?

**A:** That could be described as correct.

**Q:** (L) It was said at the time that the inner circle was the connection with this reality and that the outer circle and connecting segments were where the perpendicular reality is "joined with The Wave." Is it implied in that statement that the forming of this conduit through these perpendicular realities is instrumental in bringing forth this wave, bringing forth this change, this dimensional shift, or density shift, and is that something that is being done in other places?

**A:** We wish to congratulate you for asking six questions in one. [(T) One more question and you would have a perfect perpendicular question!] Mirth!

**Q:** (L) Are we connected in some way with the Wave, individually and as a group?

**A:** Well, of course. Everything is connected to the wave.

**Q:** (L) Are we, by connecting into this wheel, so to speak, activating the wave in some way?

**A:** We are not clear about your interesting interpretation there, but it is true that you have an interactive relationship with the wave however, as stated before, you are in an interactive relationship with the wave in a sense, in that the wave is a part of your reality, always has been and always will be. And, of course, it does involve your progress through the grand cycle. And the perpendicular reality, again is, of course, an advancement from the core outward which is yet another reflection of all reality and all that exists. Now, we wish to return to the visual representation as mentioned previously. If you notice the core circle connects with all seven sections to the outer circle. Now, picture that outer circle as being an ever expanding circle, and each one of the seven segments as being an ever expanding line. Of course, now, this will expand outward in a circular or cyclical pattern. Please picture visually an expanding outer circle and a non-expanding inner circle. Contemplate that and then please give us your feelings as to what that represents.

**Q:** (L) Does it represent an expansion of our knowledge and consciousness?

**A:** That's part of it.

**Q:** (L) Does it represent also expanding influence of what and who we are on that which is around us?

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (L) Does it also represent a more...

**A:** Oops! We detected a slippage of your visual representation! Contemplate, if you will, the ever-expanding outer circle and the non-expanding inner circle, and, of course, the seven partitions also moving outwardly. What type of shape does that form in your mind's eye?

**Q:** (L) A wheel?

**A:** Is that all?

**Q:** (T) A pie?

**A:** Keep going.

**Q:** (L) An eye.

**A:** Now we are starting to turn it into a sphere! Why would it turn into a sphere?

**Q:** (L) How can it turn into a sphere?

**A:** How can it not!

**Q:** (SV) It is going in ALL directions, not just flat...

**A:** Is a straight line a straight line or a...

**Q:** (L) Oh, you're not talking about a circle?

**A:** We are talking about a circle. What becomes of a circle if you expand it outward forever?

**Q:** (J) It disappears.

**A:** It disappears? How can it disappear? Where does it disappear to? We ask you that, Jan? Jan?

**Q:** (J) Visually, as the outer circle expands, the inner circle becomes smaller and smaller until it disappears. As you continue to expand out with the outer circle, the inner circle disappears.

**A:** But where does it disappear to?

**Q:** (J) A black hole?

**A:** A black hole. Well, that's a possibility. But, we really didn't want you to concentrate so heavily on the smaller circle, now did we? It's the outer circle.

**Q:** (T) The outer circle is used to encompass more and more.

**A:** And what shape does it begin to take on? I want you to look at this outer circle expanding outward!

**Q:** (J) Are we to assume that the seven spokes remain the same size in relation to the circle?

**A:** Well, answer that question for yourself.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we are looking at it as a plane representation. As a flat surface.

**A:** Well, what happens to a flat surface if you extend it outward forever?

**Q:** (L) Well, we don't know. That, that... (SV) It keeps on going.

**A:** It keeps on going?

**Q:** (L) Yeah, bigger and flatter!

**A:** It does? What happens to a line if you extend it forever and ever?

**Q:** (Laura and Susan) It keeps on going.

**A:** It does?

**Q:** (L) Um hmmm!

**A:** Where does it go to?

**Q:** (SV) Forever. (J) Back to itself. (L) We don't know that.

**A:** Oh, someone said "Back to itself."

**Q:** (J) Like a snake taking hold of its own tail.

**A:** Why don't we know that?

**Q:** (L) Because we don't. It is conjectured that space is curved...

**A:** "Because we don't know. Now, why don't we know?

**Q:** (L) Because we haven't been there.

**A:** Had Columbus been outside of Italy and Spain?

**Q:** (L) Okay, we are going to assume that if it keeps on expanding it will eventually come back to itself...

**A:** No, no, no wait! We asked a question!

**Q:** (L) Well, of course Columbus had an idea that there was something but he hadn't been there, no. But he went and checked it out.

**A:** Did he have just an idea?

**Q:** (L) Well, pretty much, I guess.

**A:** Hmmm. That's not the way we remember it. The way we remember it is that he had instinct and imagination and when he married his instinct with imagination, it became reality. And, when it became reality, he had created a reality which he was fully confident would be manifest in the physical third density reality. It wasn't that he was confident. He knew it to be so. He didn't stop himself by adding prejudice to the equation which is what you are doing when you say: "Well, we don't know what happens because we have never been there!" Think logically, please. We have told you so many times that everything is a grand cycle. If it's a grand cycle, we have told you about circles within circles. We have told you about cycles. We have told you about short wave cycles and long wave cycles. Now, after all this information that you have asked of us, which we have more than happily given to you, would you expect that a straight line would just go out forever and ever and ever as a straight line? How could it possibly do that? What happens if you take, on your third density earth, and you draw a straight line to the East or to the West or to the North or to the South...

**Q:** (J) It comes all the way back to itself.

**A:** Right...

**Q:** (L) Okay, so we're living in a big globe!

**A:** Are we?

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what it sounds like, a big circle?

**A:** Oh, my, my, my. You need more study and learning, my dear. Need more study. Even your Albert Einstein had a theory about what happened.

**Q:** (L) Yes, but that was just a theory.

**A:** Oh, well I guess then it must be dropped. We'll never know. It's just a theory. Well, we'll just forget about it.

**Q:** (T) I'm still expanding the circle... (SV) Me too.

**A:** Very good, that was the idea. It keeps going and going and going.

**Q:** (L) Well, mine does too, but it hasn't come back and met anything. So, what's the point?

**A:** Does there need to be a point?

**Q:** (L) Of course!

**A:** Who says? We are trying to help you learn. When do you expect to shut down this process?

**Q:** (J) Never. (L) Gee, I hope never.

**A:** Then there never is a point!

**Q:** (J) Point taken! (L) There is no point. [Laughter.] Well, if you expand the circle outward and continue expanding it in all directions, it pulls the seven spokes with it which encompasses more and more space in a cross section, and then turn that circle, you have a sphere.

**A:** Precisely. But Laura says that means we are living in a big globe. And, maybe we are.

**Q:** (T) Well, it wouldn't be a big globe, so to speak, it would only be a big globe within the circle. If the circle continues to expand, it would just continue to go outward and outward and the globe would become bigger and bigger and bigger... (L) You're making me nervous... (T) But it goes outward forever... cause there is no end to going out...

**A:** There isn't?

**Q:** (SV) Nope.

**A:** Well, then maybe there's no beginning.

**Q:** (T) Well, there wouldn't be a beginning, just a big, open void. An infinite void...

**A:** If there's no end and no beginning, then what do you have?

**Q:** (L) No point. (J) The here and now.

**A:** The here and now which is also the future and the past. Everything that was, is and will be, all at once. This is why only a very few of your third density persons have been able to understand space travel, because even though traveling into space in your third density is every bit as third density as lying on your bed at night in your comfortable home, the time reference is taken away. Something that you hold very close to your bosom as if it were your mother. And, it is the biggest illusion that you have. We have repeatedly told you over and over that there is no time, and yet, of course, you have been so brainwashed into this concept that you cannot get rid of it no matter what you do, now can you? Imagine going out into space. You'd be lost when confronted with reality that everything is completely all at one? Would you not? Picture yourself floating around in space!

**Q:** (L) I don't want to. (J) There is also no space! (T) Does the sphere keep expanding... as the circle expands and you turn the circle 180 ', you get a sphere. As the sphere continues to expand it, you take a point on the outer edge of the sphere in order to take the sphere about itself, you get a donut, an ever expanding inner tube. (L) With a black hole in the middle! (SV) Why does it have to be a black hole? (J) It's a spiral. (T) If you take that and twist it, you get an even larger inner tube. It just continues to expand and encompasses more space...

**A:** And now, when you merge densities, or traverse densities, what you have is the merging of physical reality and ethereal reality, which involves thought form versus physicality. When you can merge those perfectly, what you realize then, is that the reason there is no beginning and no end is merely because there is no need for you to contemplate a beginning or an end after you have completed your development. When you are at union with the One at Seventh density, that is when you have accomplished this and then there is no longer any need for difference between physical and ethereal forms.

**Q:** (L) On the subject of time as we discussed the other day: we talked about the fact that at the constant of light there is no time, there is no matter, there is no gravity, but that any unit, infinitesimally small to the downward side of the constant of light, suddenly there is gravity and suddenly there is matter. And we asked what is it that congeals this matter out of the energy of light, so to speak, and I believe that the answer we received was that it was consciousness from 7th level. From our perspective, would it be possible to achieve this constant and move through to the other side of it, or at least stay fixed with it, without de-materializing? Is the speed of light interconnected with the state of no time and no gravity?

**A:** No in an absolute sense, in a third density sense.

**Q:** (L) Okay, if you are in fourth density, for example, does everything move at the speed of light and is that why there is no time there and no gravity?

**A:** No. That is an incorrect concept... [(T) There is no speed of light, light is everywhere.] Precisely. There is no speed of light in fourth density because there is no need for any "speed." Speed, itself, is a third density concept. You remember, all there is is lessons. That's it! There's nothing else. It is all for your perception. For our perception. For all consciousness. That's all there is.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am still trying to get a handle on what it is, what is the source of this gravity, this state of time because they seem to be so intimately connected.

**A:** Let us ask you a question now: Do you remember going to school?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** What did you do in third grade?

**Q:** (L) A lot of things. I learned cursive writing. I learned to multiply and divide.

**A:** Do you remember what you did in first grade?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Please name one.

**Q:** (L) I learned to count in several ways. To add and subtract. I learned to read and write. (T) Did you learn to multiply and divide in first grade? (L) No.

**A:** Okay. When you were in the process of learning to multiply and divide, did you drop your pen or pencil and steadfastly return in your mind to first grade and try and figure out why you had to learn the alphabet?

**Q:** (L) No.

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (L) Because I already knew it.

**A:** You already knew it. In other words, you did not need to learn the alphabet because you already knew it. Correct?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Are you going to need to learn about the speed of light when there is no longer a speed of light?

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what I am trying to do. Once you learn it, maybe you are not subject to it's lessons anymore. I mean, you get concepts presented, you absorb them, practice them, they become part of you and then you go to the next thing.

**A:** Yes, but you are asking about the speed of light as relates to fourth density and above density levels and we are telling you that there is no speed of light there because there is no need for that, because once you reach fourth density level, you have learned the lessons of third density level.

**Q:** (L) Well, if a person on third density gets into some kind of vehicle and achieves light speed, does that automatically translate them into fourth density?

**A:** Could you please point out one of these vehicles?

**Q:** (L) Well, we don't have any... yet.

**A:** Do you expect to have any before you go to fourth density?

**Q:** (L) No.

**A:** Then the lesson is learned, yes?

**Q:** (L) Sort of.

**A:** If you trust in what we are saying, which is in response to what you are asking, then the lesson is learned. Now, contemplate, because all there is is lessons.

**Q:** (L) Well, you talk about time being an illusion, time being something we hold dear to us like a mother, and that sort of thing, and I would be perfectly happy to let go of time...

**A:** You do! Let go!

**Q:** (L) Well, it is one thing to want to do it in your mind and another thing altogether to do it in your system, your internal operating system.

**A:** Your internal operating system?

**Q:** (T) Is that DOS or WARM?

**A:** Could you please explain what an internal operating system is?

**Q:** (L) I guess it is the subconscious mind.

**A:** It is?

**Q:** (L) Maybe.

**A:** My, my.

**Q:** (T) The subconscious mind has no idea of time. (J) Time is an artificial constraint... (L) For example: a person can have a belief about prosperity in their conscious mind and can talk about it and say affirmations and all kinds of positive things for themselves, and yet, for some reason that individual continually lives on the edge of poverty because something keeps happening that they keep screwing up to keep themselves at the level of poverty. And, when you start digging around in their subconscious mind you find out that somewhere there is the belief in poverty or there is a past life connection where they feel they need or deserve to be poor, so, their internal operating system takes precedence over their conscious beliefs and thoughts. That is what I am talking about here.

**A:** Yes, but what is your point.

**Q:** (L) The point is that you may say that you would like to get rid of time and you may understand it conceptually, but something internal keeps you tied to it. How do you get rid of that internal connection?

**A:** Something internal keeps you tied to it?

**Q:** (J) Like circadian rhythms, it's physical.

**A:** We feel you are missing the point.

**Q:** (L) Well, maybe I am.

**A:** You see, we speak to all of you when we say this. It's now time for you, as individuals, to try to move away, as much as possible, not to force yourselves, of course, but to try and move away at your own pace as much as possible, from the constraints of third density. You have all learned lessons to the level where you are more than ready to begin to prepare for fourth density. Third density involves a level of physicality and restriction and restraint and all of the things that go along with those, that you no longer need. So, therefore, even though we understand that at times it may feel comfortable to cling to this, there is time for you, and there is that word again, it is time for you to consider moving ahead and get ready for fourth density and not to be concerned with such things as time or how to free yourself from the illusion of time. That really is not important. That's like the third grade student delving into mathematics and stopping everything to go back and contemplate the ABC's and why it isn't CBA or BAC. There really is no point. It is what it is. They are what they are.

**Q:** (L) That is what I want to know, what is it?

**A:** Why do you need to know this?

**Q:** (L) Because I am curious. What is time?

**A:** We have already told you that it is a non-existent, artificial creation of illusion for the point of learning at the level where you are at or were, and once you have left that level, you no longer need it.

**Q:** (T) Maybe one of the lessons is to learn not to worry about time. Once you learn that time is not real... (SV) Tell that to your boss!

**A:** If something is not real, is there any concern in worrying about what it is?

**Q:** (T) Not, for me.

**A:** Imagine a conversation between two people: Billy and Gene. Billy says to Gene, "There is no such thing as time." Gene says, "Oh, really? But I want to know what it is." Billy says, "But I just told you there is no such thing. Time does not exist. It is not real in any form, in any frame of reference, in any form of reality, any level of density. It simply does not exist." And, Gene says: "Oh, that's interesting. Now, again, what is this time?"

**Q:** (L) Point taken. (T) Do you wear a watch? (L) No. (SV) I have to because of my schedule. (T) But, you wear the watch because other people believe in time? (SV) Yes. (T) And that is out of courtesy for their belief, not your belief.

**A:** That is precisely correct. While you are still in this third density it is still necessary for you to conform, to a certain extent, to the ways of others who are more comfortable within the realm of third density. But, as we have stated previously, perhaps it is "time" for you to begin preparing for fourth density and not concern yourself any more than is absolutely necessary with all the wheres and whys and what-fors of third density reality. This truly is behind you, now, and we know that because we can see from all levels six through one and back again in full cycle.

**Q:** (L) Going along with that statement, and this is going to have to be the last question; preparing for fourth density: not too long ago I asked a question about the purpose of this group and the answer was that if we knew, or, more specifically if I knew, I would become "unglued." Was that meant literally?

**A:** Oh, yes certainly. Every single bone in your body is going to unglue itself from every other.

**Q:** (J) You are going to turn into a puddle. (L) Well, since you are saying that it is time for us to begin preparing for fourth density, maybe it is time to deal with that question?

**A:** Well, perhaps you are trying to steer us, now. This is amusing because, of course, you sought our help, now I guess you are going to put us in your place and vice versa. But, actually, in a way, that is what is already happening, because, again, we must remind, that we are you in the future and we have already experienced all that you are experiencing. And, of course, we are experiencing as it is always being experienced. But, it is important to note that you have been making progress despite our occasional chidings, and we are very proud of the progress you have been making. Also, we want to remind you again not to worry about the extent of the progress or the direction it is taking. Just let it happen. All knowledge that it is absolutely necessary for you to gain to sustain this progress will be gained at the appropriate point in ... [chorus] TIME. Therefore, not to worry as it will all fall into place, as we have told you. Now, we do not feel that you are ready, as yet, to know what your ultimate purpose is, nor is it necessary for you to know, and it certainly would not be helpful in any way, so we ask again that you please not worry about that because when the "time" comes for you to know, you will.

**Q:** (SV) I want to ask one question: If there is no time, there is no past and no future; there are no past lives and no future lives, there is no such thing as reincarnation, then how can you be us...

**A:** Yes, there is reincarnation. You are getting ahead of yourself there. We never said there is no reincarnation.

**Q:** (SV) But, if there is no time? (J) It is our perception of it. (L) It is all happening simultaneously. We are having all of these lifetimes at once. (SV) Is there a way that we can connect ourselves with all our other selves?

**A:** Picture it this way: we will access some of your memory banks and give you another reference which, interestingly enough, fits very closely with the perpendicular reality wheel that we described earlier. You know what a slide projector looks like? To give you some feeling of what this expanded nature of reality really is, picture yourself watching a big slide presentation with a big slide wheel on the projector. At any given point along the way you are watching one particular slide. But, all the rest of the slides are present on the wheel, are they not? And, of course, this fits in with the perpendicular reality, which fits in with the circles within circles and cycles within cycles, which also fits in the Grand Cycle, which also fits in with what we have told you before: All there is is lessons. That's all there is and we ask that you enjoy them as you are watching the slide presentation...

**Q:** (J) In that analogy, the light that shines through the slide, as it projects it upon the screen, is our perception?

**A:** And, if you look back at the center of the projector, you see the origin and essence of all creation itself, which, is level seven where you are in union with the One.

**Q:** (T) Can we ask one more quick question? NASA has announced that the space telescope, Hubble, has detected clusters of comets, is this, in effect, the beginning of the government's of the world preparing the people for what is to come?

**A:** It certainly is a possibility, but, again, you are accessing a very touchy area. Too much knowledge for you to gather in this particular area would not be beneficial.

END OF SESSION

