## January 11, 1995
Frank and Laura Barry and Susy Konicov, publishers of a popular New Age magazine, via telephone

**Q:** Is anyone with us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Frank is talking with Susy Konicov. We'll put her on speakerphone.

**A:** Channel disrupted.

**Q:** (Susy) Are you from the same group as the Pleiadians?

**A:** Same. When at Pleiades, Pleiadians, when at Cassiopaea, Cassiopaeans. Light beings.

**Q:** (Susy) What kind of source are you?

**A:** 6th density.

**Q:** (Susy) Why are you choosing Laura and Frank to transmit this information?

**A:** Because balancing fields are correct.

**Q:** (Barry) Maitreya... What is the destiny of this person in this lifetime?

**A:** Plays prominent role in disinformation process.

**Q:** (Barry) Is Benjamin Creme aware of that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Barry) Are the E.T.s putting thoughts in Benjamin Creme's head?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Barry) What is their purpose in this?

**A:** To cause confusion, diversion, and deception so that reality channels may be cloaked. Self explanatory.

**Q:** (Barry) Does this mean so that what we think is real really isn't?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Barry) This must mean that the Aliens want to give us one person to focus on which is so spectacular, so that we cannot see the truth.

**A:** Remember warnings about false prophets in the "desert."

**Q:** (Barry) Does this mean that Benjamin Creme is an STS person?

**A:** Yes, indirectly.

**Q:** (Barry) Is he the antichrist?

**A:** No. The "antichrist" is not an individual, but consortium.

**Q:** (Barry) Who is the Consortium?

**A:** Term refers to idea of large body of individuals.

**Q:** (L) Who specifically? (Frank) Human beings?

**A:** Yes and others.

**Q:** (Barry) Are these beings who have lived longer than most people live in one lifetime?

**A:** Confused thought patterns.

**Q:** (Barry) Are these people who have reincarnated for lifetime after lifetime and have kept the same memory to continue the same plan?

**A:** Only a select few.

**Q:** (Barry) Is this channeling going to go beyond the primitive method of one letter at a time, or is it going to go into the method of writing or typing or direct channeling consciously or unconsciously?

**A:** Can now, less danger of corruption through this method.

**Q:** (Barry) What is the purpose of this contact?

**A:** To help you to learn, thus gain knowledge, thus gain protection, thus progress.

**Q:** (Barry) What do the Cassiopaeans gain from this contact?

**A:** By helping you, we are moving toward fulfilling of our destiny of union with you and all else, thus completing the Grand cycle.

**Q:** (Barry) Is this the only probability open to you or is this the best probability open to you?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Barry) Are you a great distance from us in light years?

**A:** Distance is a 3rd density idea.

**Q:** (Barry) Light years is 3rd density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Barry) What do you mean by traveling on the wave?

**A:** Traveling on thoughts.

**Q:** (Frank) Our thoughts or your thoughts?

**A:** Not correct concept.

**Q:** (L) What is the correct concept?

**A:** All is just lessons.

**Q:** (L) Whose thoughts are they?

**A:** Thoughts unify all reality in existence and are all shared.

**Q:** (Susy) You travel on a wave of energy created by all thought forms?

**A:** Thought forms are all that exists!

**Q:** (Barry) Have those that are STS acknowledged that those that are STO are going to win in this race or conflict?

**A:** No, absolutely not! In fact, the STS cannot conceive of "losing" but instinctively feel pressure building upon them, that is the reason for the impending turmoil.

**Q:** (Barry) What happens to them when they lose, does this mean that they are degaussed, or does that mean that they have to go back and do the whole evolutionary process all over again on the other polarity?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (Barry) So, there is a nexus point coming up?

**A:** Close. When we said "close" we meant concept was "close" to reality. Not close in terms of time or distance.

**Q:** (Barry) At that point do they experience the pain that they have caused? (L) Good question!

**A:** No, that is what happens on 5th level only.

**Q:** (Barry) What is the proper protocol when meeting a Lizard?

**A:** Up to you!

**Q:** (Frank) I don't think I'll repeat that Barry. (L) Did he use the "F" word? (Frank) No, he referred to a part of the anatomy. (Barry) Are Lizards shape shifters?

**A:** All on 4th level of density have that ability.

**Q:** (Barry) Do they have the ability to block their true appearance?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Barry) Are they walking around amongst us now?

**A:** Infrequently, they use "agents" to do most of their tasks on 3rd level.

**Q:** (Barry) Are these agents the "Men in Black" or are they the "Grays?"

**A:** Both and many others. Men in Black are often Lizards cloaked as human types, and can remain on 3rd density level for limited periods called short wave cycle. Men in Black claim to be government in order to have excuse to have direct contact with selected humans.

**Q:** (Barry) Have these Men in Black killed humans?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Frank) They just threaten?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Barry) Have the Lizards killed humans?

**A:** Oh yes!!!

**Q:** (Barry) There is a book out that says that if you meet the Buddha on the road you should kill him, should we do the same with a Lizard?

**A:** Strange.

**Q:** (Barry) Is there a physical confrontation going on in other than 3rd density that is resulting in bodies being blown apart and death and destruction and so on?

**A:** Not exactly, remember, you are applying 3rd level ideas to 4th level reality, which does not fit.

**Q:** (Barry) Does that mean that blowing bodies apart does not fit?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Barry) But they do have physical bodies on the 4th level, don't they?

**A:** Transitory.

**Q:** (Barry) So are ours.

**A:** No, yours aren't.

**Q:** (Barry) Because they can shape-shift does that mean that if they were to be shattered they could bring their bodies back together again into the shape they just were?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Barry) Are the Lizards behind any of the apparitions of the Virgin Mary around the world?

**A:** Yes. All of them.

**Q:** (Barry) What is the purpose behind this?

**A:** Diversions and disinformation so that knowledge will be dispersed, therefore more will be open to attack.

**Q:** (L) If you think about it, propagating belief in the "old time religions" which include belief in hell or purgatory tend to put a person in a very vulnerable position because then they are open to thoughts of guilt, sin, and are therefore susceptible to thought control and terror.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Susy) Theo, through the "Ashtar Command" Channeled through Yvonne Cole, predicted a landing of aliens in December 1994, was this a fabrication or was this a miscalculation?

**A:** Fabrication.

**Q:** (Susy) She is such a nice person...

**A:** Channel is deceived.

**Q:** (Susy) Who is really channeling through Yvonne Cole?

**A:** Agents of the Lizards, more disinformation. Who is not receiving disinformation, then, you ask? Well, you will know when you have opened your mind and have received much information; now message to you: Konicovs, we are aware of your work, and you are close to a major "breakthrough," however, beware that STS forces are trying to defeat you, and we would suggest you slow down your battles against STS forces a little, so as to prevent too much heat from them coming down upon you!!

**Q:** (Susy) Are you talking about the de-taxing work Barry is doing?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (L) Are they marking them?

**A:** Have already been watched closely.

**Q:** (L) Barry is not one to step back, so what can they do to protect themselves?

**A:** Knowledge is protection. Two calls recently.

**Q:** (L) Did you have two calls? About what or from who?

**A:** Had to do with "business" but was ruse.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I think that is all their questions. We thank you. {Phone conversation is terminated}

**Q:** Are you still with us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Tell us what Barry and Susy think of the reading you just gave them?

**A:** Enthralled.

**Q:** (L) Well, they may call it a primitive method, but all the people who are doing straight channeling are producing straight crap.

**Q:** (L) As you know we have a very large hole in our cellar and we haven't reached anything yet. Are you sure there is something under there?

**A:** Search carefully.

**Q:** (L) Could it be in the dirt that has already been taken out?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Which way to go from where the hole is. How much deeper? I mean, I know you told us to keep on, but if we don't find something pretty soon... I mean, how much can you dig? The whole cellar will disappear into this hole.

**A:** Patience pays.

**Q:** (L) Well can you just tell me how much deeper...

**A:** Sift carefully.

**Q:** (L) Sift the sand that's already taken out or the sand that's coming out?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to go deeper?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to go wider?

**A:** Patience!!!

**Q:** (L) Frank, do you know how big a hole there is in that cellar? (F) No, but I'd love to see it. (laughter) (L) You and I could take this table and sit in that hole comfortably. (F) How long did it take you to dig that? (L) They've just been working on it today. (F) There could be tons of stuff inside the dirt. (L) Now, I'm in a real tough spot, guys. I've either got to go with P\_\_, and his deal is pretty poor or do something else and I don't know what that would be. At least that is the only option I see. {Referring to real estate transaction.}

**A:** Sorry, but you must decide what to do it's part of learning process.

**Q:** (L) Are Barry and Susy going to play an important part in the work we are doing in the future?

**A:** Probably, but wait and see.

**Q:** (L) What is P\_\_ thinking about the deal just now?

**A:** Money.

**Q:** (L) He wants the mortgage?

**A:** Why not negotiate and explain your position honestly?

**Q:** (L) That is what I am going to do.

**A:** He will understand delays better, no one can blame you for wanting best "deal."

**Q:** (L) I want to ask one other thing, recently the personal effects of J\_\_ O\_\_ were found, can you tell us what kind of vehicle was driven out to that area in which those items were... {An unsolved local murder.}

**A:** Time for you to move on past this issue.

**Q:** (L) Jeannie {psychic of my acquaintance who was generally very accurate!} was talking to me and she said that she really thought JO was trying to get people to solve this mystery...

**A:** Aunt Clara strikes again.

**Q:** (L) Should I send Frank to Sharky? {My dentist.}

**A:** Up to you. Time to go.

**Q:** (L) Thank you and good night.

END OF SESSION

