## May 26, 1995
Frank, Laura, Susan

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Why not Susan?

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know. Do you want Susan at the board?

**A:** Up to you and her; we just asked; no biggy.

**Q:** (L) Well, she is taking notes.

**A:** Okay. Hello.

**Q:** (L) Could we have your name, please?

**A:** Rohr.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have several questions tonight...

**A:** Fire away.

**Q:** (L) The first question is regarding the warning of attack Terry and Jan received earlier this year...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** We are concerned that they are currently under attack.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Terry was offered a job that was interesting, and this offer came, seemingly under exceptional conditions, that is, during the interview, which almost never happens. When he got into the job, he felt that it was not the place for him to be and he quit after four hours. His perception, as I understand it, is that his quitting of this job was an act of protection stemming from his knowledge that it was not the place for him to be. I wondered, and my clue was his word "feeling," that because he was "feeling negative" toward the job, and therefore perceived the job in a negative way, he quit what may have been an excellent point of contact for other things, people and experiences that he may have been in line for. Interestingly, Jan felt the same way. Now, my question...

**A:** You are correct.

**Q:** (L) So, he quit the job and this is part of attack?

**A:** Yes. Resulting from.

**Q:** (L) What are the ramifications of this? Is this indicative of a possible financial bind? Like getting into the financial soup?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) So, at this point, it will just have to be dealt with, is that correct?

**A:** Soups come in a variety of flavors.

**Q:** (L) So, it is not necessarily that he will have financial problems, it could be something else altogether?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think Terry has been having some pretty negative feelings, as have I, in general. Is this a correct assessment?

**A:** Point out to him that feelings are best to be aired, lest they fester. Communication is the key.

**Q:** (L) Yes, we know that, and I tried to communicate some of my concerns to him on the phone, but he seemed to be blocking me because when I pointed out that feelings are not to be trusted, he said that he felt that his feelings ARE reliable in this case. He kept using the word "feeling" which rang in my head like a warning, especially after what I have been through recently. I tried to communicate this.

**A:** Terry is the one who needs to communicate.

[Phone rings and time out is taken to talk to Jan and Terry!]

**Q:** (L) Were you listening to our conversation?

**A:** Of course as always.

**Q:** (L) That is so comforting. (SV) Yes. Remember when I whispered to you because I didn't want the Cassiopaeans to hear?! (L) Right!

**A:** Ha! Ha!

**Q:** (SV) They did hear me! (L) Okay. I just talked to him about what we are discussing, and Terry is pretty convinced that he is on the right track and he has me pretty convinced at this point, too.

**A:** Attack, just look at what he is feeling about Frank and SV, do you not recognize the "symptoms?"

**Q:** (L) Yes, I guess I do since I just went through that and I seem to be suffering in similar ways from time to time. Could you give us some advice on how we can break the attack?

**A:** He needs to air it out with proper parties.

**Q:** (L) So, if we all aired everything out, it would help to break the attack?

**A:** Yes. Pops like a balloon.

**Q:** (L) Now, regarding my own situation... Terry and Jan have just offered assistance which is welcome and timely, but is only a band-aid...

**A:** We provide, and when ready, huge sums will come to all.

**Q:** (SV) It all depends on what you consider "huge." (L) Well, I consider "huge" in the millions. (SV) Well, that is beyond my comprehension. What would I do with that much? (L) I could help you out with that! (SV) I was hoping you would say that!

**A:** You will manage!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Okay, well, I have made the decision that I am not going to push to do anything, including moving, unless and until I am sure that that is what I am supposed to do. I am sure that you will let us know.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) So, we can just work on the house and work on making ourselves happy where we are.

**A:** Good girl!

**Q:** (L) We had our aura photographs taken at the metaphysical conference. Were those photographs accurate in color representation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Frank had a very lovely aura. There are, however, a couple of things that are confusing. In SV's aura, the colors are very compact and close into her body. What does this indicate?

**A:** Stomach problems.

**Q:** (L) What could she do to alleviate her stomach problems?

**A:** Change her diet "big time!"

**Q:** (L) What is there about her diet...

**A:** Starch and fats must be reduced steadily.

**Q:** (L) And what should she add?

**A:** Fruit.

**Q:** (L) Any particular kind?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Is microwaved food harmful to the person who consumes it?

**A:** Not much.

**Q:** (L) Now, are the colors in SV's aura fairly representative of what her colors usually are?

**A:** Parameters change within resulting in aura changes.

**Q:** (L) Can the color of your aura reflect psychic attack?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) We gave some of our material to Michael Lindemann. I would like to know what his ultimate reaction to it will be? He did not seem to be favorably impressed, but I don't think he read it, either.

**A:** Let it seep.

**Q:** (L) I also left some material with Linda Howe. Is this going to help her in any way?

**A:** Sinking in.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to get any repercussions or responses to the distribution of this material?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to get any positive responses?

**A:** Yes. We direct you as long as you have faith in us, as we are you! Attack is always designed to destroy that faith, either directly or indirectly. Think of the instances, to see if there is a familiar pattern to the "root."

**Q:** (L) So, attack is always directed at undermining our faith.

**A:** In a roundabout way.

**Q:** (L) Now, there is a real issue here about SV working on different people who may be sources of negative energy. Is just knowing that there may be negative energies sufficient protection to allow her to work on just anybody?

**A:** Strengthens shield if knowledge is utilized properly through psychic channels, therefore, exposure is good if care, prudence and awareness are applied.

**Q:** (F) Does this mean that Terry, by withdrawing into a protective shell, has deprived himself of an opportunity to gain strength in this regard?

**A:** Yes. It is lack of faith in what is brought forth for him as well. Tends to weaken the shield.

**Q:** (SV) Maybe I just shouldn't tell anyone who I work on? (L) No, we can't not tell each other what we are doing because that is a lack of faith in each other. We can't baby ourselves or each other. (F) It all has to be aired out some time or another. (L) Can I ask something about the perpendicular realities?

**A:** Wait for Terry and Jan be present for answers.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I'm jumping the gun because I am eaten up with curiosity.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

