## November 18, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan

This is another session that is far more interesting in retrospect, after 9-11-01 when all of the elements discussed herein appear to have come into play. Plus, I would suggest that the direction this session took was triggered by the words "terrorist bombings".

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Rindr.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have several questions... are we ready?

**A:** Certainly.

**Q:** (L) Is there any relationship between all of the terrorist bombings that have been taking place in Paris recently, and any stepped up alien activity?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can obtain on that subject by formulation of correct questions?

**A:** USAir-194 crash; United Air crash, Colorado Springs; Connection? Get voice recorder tape transcripts.

**Q:** (L) Is this in some way related to the question about the Paris bombing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) This is related to what they were talking about last week, the bases turning 4th density, a plane flew into it and crashed.

**A:** Assumption! Strobe lights are used for 3rd density mind control.

**Q:** (L) Strobe lights located where?

**A:** Not a question asked with much thought!

**Q:** (L) You are right. I was just trying to open the subject. (T) What does strobe lights used for mind control have to do with the air crash?

**A:** Just let it flow. As you will see, past sessions of this nature have yielded best results for you. We have picked up your thought waves, which are progress oriented, and are trying to assist you in your increased learning and progress frequency wave. You see, this increases the energy level!!

**Q:** (L) Okay. We will just let it flow, then.

**A:** It is advisable to ask questions, but be unconcerned with the nature or content of the answers beforehand.

**Q:** (L) Do you wish us to go back to the statement about strobe lights being used to control minds, and pick up and go from there?

**A:** Best not to continuously ask us for advice on how to ask the questions, or if this or that is okay, but rather just "shoot from the hip."

**Q:** (L) Okay. You mentioned the strobe lights. Are these strobe lights that are used to control minds, are these something that we would or might come in contact with on a daily basis?

**A:** Do you not already know? We didn't say: some strobe lights, we said: strobe lights, i.e. all inclusive!

**Q:** (T) Strobe lights come in many forms and types. TV is a strobe light. Computer screens are a strobe light. Light bulbs strobe. Fluorescents strobe. Streetlights strobe.

**A:** Police cars, ambulances, fire trucks... How long has this been true? Have you noticed any changes lately??!!??

**Q:** (F) Twenty years ago there were no strobe lights on any of those vehicles mentioned. They had the old flasher type lights. Now, more and more and more there are strobe lights appearing in all kinds of places. (L) And now, they even have them on school buses! (T) And the regular city buses have them too, now. (L) Okay, is the strobing of a strobe light, set at a certain frequency in order to do certain things?

**A:** Hypnotic opener.

**Q:** (L) Can we say that this is something we are being acclimated to, so that other things that happen to us in terms of our interactions... it just keeps one in a continual state of hypnosis?

**A:** Assumptions restrict the flow!

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of the hypnotic opener being used in this way?

**A:** You don't notice the craft.

**Q:** (L) Ohhhhhhhh! So we may be being continuously flown over by alien craft...

**A:** Assumption!

**Q:** (L) Sorry! (T) Okay, we don't notice the craft because we see the strobes. They are hypnotic openers and are inducing a hypnotic effect...

**A:** Assumption!

**Q:** (T) Okay, continue, then.

**A:** Well, ask a question, then!

**Q:** (L) Okay, they are telling us not to assume, but to ask. (T) Okay, what craft are we NOT seeing?

**A:** Opener. Is precursor to suggestion, which is auditory in nature.

**Q:** (T) What suggestion?

**A:** Put on your thinking caps. Networking is not making assumptions. Bold unilateral statement of "fact" is.

**Q:** (T) Oh. Phrase your statements in the form of a question! I'd like "Hypnotic Openers" for $200, Alex! Cosmic Jeopardy! (L) Okay, you said the "suggestion is auditory in nature." If this is the case, where is the suggestion coming from auditorily?

**A:** Where do you normally receive auditory suggestions from?

**Q:** (L) Radio, television... (T) Telephone... (L) Is that what we are talking about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If you encounter a strobe while driving, or you are sitting in front of your television, then the suggestions can be put into you better because of this hypnotically opened state? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What are these suggestions designed to do, to suggest? In a general sense?

**A:** Review.

**Q:** (L) Not see the craft?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Do we get these signals from the radio in the car even if it is turned off?

**A:** Depends upon whether or not there is another source.

**Q:** (T) Another source such as?

**A:** ELP, for example.

**Q:** (L) What is "ELP?"

**A:** Extremely Low Pulse.

**Q:** (T) ELF, Extremely Low Frequency, and ELP, Extremely Low Pulse - is this the same thing?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (T) This would be an external pulse or frequency?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Would it be originating from the source of the strobe?

**A:** No. They act in unison.

**Q:** (T) Two separate sources acting in unison?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And this process prevents us from seeing something, such as craft flying in our skies at any given time?

**A:** Or maybe see them as something else.

**Q:** (L) Now, we have to stop for a minute because I want to tell you something. In the past few months, I have really been watching the sky carefully every opportunity I get. On 3 or 4 separate occasions I have seen what I thought was an ordinary airplane, and I would watch it carefully and then scan to the left or right, and when I looked back at the place where this plane should be, based on observable speed and direction, there would be NOTHING there. I have stood there and searched and searched and found nothing. These things just VANISHED. I knew I had seen it, I knew I wasn't crazy, I knew it couldn't have gone away that completely - and having it happen several times has just really unsettled me. What are the implications of this, other than the fact that we could be completely overflown at all times for any number of purposes and be, as a mass of people, completely unaware of it?

**A:** Yes, monoatomic gold!

**Q:** (L) And what does the reference to monoatomic gold mean?

**A:** Total entrapment of the being, mind, body and soul.

**Q:** (T) That's what Hudson said... on the video.

**A:** Strobes use minute gold filament.

**Q:** (L) How can that compare with taking monoatomic gold internally?

**A:** What composes minute filament, do you suppose? Hint, it ain't from Fort Knox!

**Q:** (T) Monoatomic gold.

**A:** Bingo. You see, this has extraordinary properties.

**Q:** (T) I'm sure it does! The thing is, if it does what Hudson says it does, the power structure would have shut him down - he wouldn't have gotten this far with it. So, if they are letting him do it, it's because it doesn't do what he says it does, it does the opposite. Which is what he said. When you take the stuff for so many days, you complete the program, it restructures your genes. Isn't that what happened to us before? Do we want to do it again? (L) And, wasn't it said that LIGHT was used to cancel certain DNA factors? (J) Exactly! (L) Okay, how do we block this kind of control?

**A:** You don't.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this, Chuck D volunteered to act as my bodyguard and went with me to do the lecture down in St. Petersburg last night. He asked an interesting question. It was, if we know what he thinks we know, and if we are building the kind of strength that he thinks we are building, and getting factual information about all such things, why hasn't somebody, either on 3rd density or 4th density, seen fit to stop us, or block us, or whatever. Of course, I did explain to him the level of attack and obfuscation and many other things we have had to face... but, in another sense he was asking very plainly why has something physical not been done to, as he put it, "take us out?"

**A:** The powers that be want slow release of information.

**Q:** (L) Does this include the 4th density STS?

**A:** No, but they don't see that which they do not wish to see.

**Q:** (L) They don't see us as a threat?

**A:** More like an annoyance. By the way, why is not Chuck more participatory???

**Q:** (L) Is that a rhetorical question? Or, are you asking me?

**A:** Either, or.

**Q:** (L) Chuck is very curious. But, why don't you tell us?

**A:** Be more direct in your informational campaign, Laura, rather than trying to stimulate reactions by way of roundabout actions and statements.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying I should be more direct with Chuck, specifically?

**A:** Direct appeals always work much better, but you have a fear based aversion to them, which is related to early childhood interactions with your mother. We are trying to aid you with a bit of insight to assist you in your progress.

[break]

**Q:** (L) Okay, I want to ask about the experience I had the other night - are you still there?

**A:** Why do you always ask that, do you expect us to take a coffee break?

**Q:** (L) Okay, I had what seemed to be an OBE the other night. Was I actually having one?

**A:** Was an "all intensive ooze" of the solar realm.

**Q:** (L) What? (T) You asked! (F) Well, now THAT'S completely clear! (L) Sarcasm will get you nowhere, guys! (T) That's about as clear as ooze! (L) Okay, what is an "all intensive ooze" of the solar realm?

**A:** Realms are compartmentalized at graduated levels, like everything else. The root basis of the study of Astrology is the "unified entity realm," which relates to the effect that local cosmic bodies have upon the body and soul of third density beings in any given locator.

**Q:** (L) So, what does this mean in terms of what I experienced? I felt that I was moving in and out of my body over and over, sort of like doing an exercise.

**A:** Solar activity occurring when your experience took place was such that, based on your "solar return," had the effect of partially separating your soul from your body. Now, just for fun, why not check your chart for that day, and see if the aspects were a little more favorable for expiration of the body potential than usual?

**Q:** (L) Now that I have been able to play with it a little, will I experience it again, or can I?

**A:** Well, it is always experienced at least once in the lifetime of a human being, but for most people, it occurs at the conclusion.

**Q:** [much laughter] (L) You mean I died? Or was this what people experience when they die?

**A:** Yes, but you got to come back in time for dinner!

**Q:** (F) I guess that's mirth! (L) So, that wasn't just an OBE, it was a separation of the soul from the body? Is that the same as astral projection?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do people who have OBE's experience this?

**A:** With "astal projection" the consciousness level is not as intense because of "the silver cord" and the shroud of third density awareness.

**Q:** (L) You guys just don't know how intense this experience was. I was SO conscious of EVERYTHING. (T) More conscious than you have ever been before, right? (L) I have to say yes. I was playing with what was happening to me and having fun. I noticed every little sensation. The separating from the body produces a sizzling sound, a sort of electrical sizzle, and it changes as you move in and out of the body. I knew what I was doing. (T) In astral projection, the soul is still connected to the body. In this case, was Laura's soul completely separated from her physical body?

**A:** Not completely, but the part that was, was.

**Q:** (L) Well, I did sort of keep a toe in. (T) This is almost the same thing that Dannion Brinkley described in his book. So, if Laura had lost complete connection, would she have died at this point?

**A:** Yes.

[break]

**Q:** (L) I had a safari dream. I dreamed we all went to Africa, and I got some information there, something was given to me, and I put it in my pocket on the right side. And then, just a few days later I had the experience where I felt a danger, something probing in the direction of my mind, and a protective device shot up out of my lower right abdomen, like a rocket. And the next day, I noticed a small, deep, wound at that spot. What was this?

**A:** Energy surge.

**Q:** (L) Why out of the area of the ovary?

**A:** Magnetic plane weakness there.

**Q:** (L) So, is it beneficial to be able to do this.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is this something I learned in this dream, that we can all learn to do in some way?

**A:** No need.

**Q:** (L) Well, it seems that having the body automatically erect defenses when a threat is felt is a pretty handy talent to have.

**A:** Sure, in 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Was this a 4th density action, or ability?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Did something actually exit my body and leave that wound?

**A:** Already answered.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it was an energy surge. Did this energy surge leave a wound in my body?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where did the energy surge emanate from?

**A:** Learn naturally as you evolve. Good Night

END OF SESSION

