## January 21, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan, S, D, Chuck

{the guests, "D" and "Chuck" were problematic for a number of reasons. Chuck was a PI who had worked with me on an abduction case. He wasn't really "into" the paranormal and asked to attend just out of curiosity. "D" is the woman who appears at a couple other sessions and was discussed in "The Wave" as the science teacher who claimed, under hypnosis, to have been affiliated with preying mantis type aliens.}

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Torrillahk.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from, Torillahk?

**A:** Cassiopaea. [(L) Let's get the ridge out of the board.]

**Q:** (L) Do you have any messages?

**A:** Thank you. [Apparently for getting the ridge out of the board.]

**Q:** (L) You are welcome. Do you have any messages for any of us tonight, or should we just start in on our questions?

**A:** Any rituals performed tonight?

**Q:** (L) Did anyone do any rituals? Why do you ask?

**A:** Feel some restrictions.

**Q:** (D) I bathed in bath salt. (L) That wouldn't do anything. Sue has some questions about some of her healing things. (S) If I put my finger on a certain muscle in an inter-oral area, would you be able to tell me if it is the correct position? {Sue is a massage therapist.}

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (S) Okay, is this the terragoid?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (S) Okay, I guess it's the terragoid. That was where I had my finger. I just needed to know that. (S) Which school of thought, Upliger or Nix (?).....

**A:** Your work is less dependent upon physical factors than you think.

**Q:** (T) Is it that she should use more intuition in this? A:

Aural frequency.

**Q:** (L) In other words, feel it. (S) Don't I still need the basic knowledge?

**A:** Sense, knowledge is held within, simply unlock more and more as needed.

**Q:** (S) Sometimes it's hard to... (L) Go ahead, ask your questions. (S) Does realigning the sphenoid (?) bone actually do something with the pituitary gland?

**A:** All these procedures are factored by your own natural healing abilities, this is of the light, and comes from within when you follow your natural instincts and trust!

**Q:** (T) Yes, it does, it does what they just said! (S) Would myofacial unwinding help me unblock some of my own fears, hesitancies...

**A:** Just trust your extraordinary abilities!

**Q:** (T) What they are trying to tell you is to go with what you think is right because it will be right, because it is coming from within you, and it's not so much whether you've touched here, or touched there, it's that wherever you've touched is the intent. It's what they say, intent is what it is. (S) But the way the law of this country and state goes, you also have to have that piece of paper that says yes, you can do this.

**A:** Bravo, Terry!

**Q:** (T) Thank you, thank you! (L) Well, go ahead and get the licensing and do what feels right. You're doing the right stuff. Everything you're doing, you're doing by instinct, you know, continue the classes. (S) It's like, I know about three or four ways for carpal-tunnel syndrome, they're all totally different... (L) Try them all, one might work differently for a different person, they can all be right, you know.

**A:** It is not the physical methodology that matters.

**Q:** (J) It's like you're tapped in, just go with the flow.

**A:** Humor the authorities, they know not any better.

**Q:** (S) Why am I so reluctant to use some things, is it because I'm going to too many classes, too many different schools of thought, that I'm getting confused?

**A:** Lose the fear and just do it! Welcome, Chuck, you were a "wild one" in youth, eh? Lady Killer. Mirth.

**Q:** [Laughter.] (L) We're going to go on with our questions and see how many we can cram into this session. (D) Monday is the 23rd, my house is supposed to sell. My Realtor is sweating blood.

**A:** Did we not tell you?

**Q:** (D) Yeah, you did. (L) The van I looked at today, is there anything significantly wrong with it that doesn't show up, or that I have missed, that we have missed, is it as good a deal as it seems to be?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's all I wanted to know. Back in the 1970's in the Central United States there were quite a number of cases of animal mutilation. There has been a lot of publicity about this at some point and then it died down and was covered up, and there were a lot of ideas and theories about it. What I would like to know is who was doing the animal mutilations?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** Okay, who was doing most of the animal mutilations?

**A:** Not applicable.

**Q:** Okay. Was some of the animal mutilation done by the U.S Government, or entities within the government?

**A:** Was?

**Q:** (L) In other words, it is still going on. So Okay, so they are still doing it. Was, or is, some of this activity being conducted by alien individuals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Were they acting for the same reasons?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why did the government do animal mutilations?

**A:** Copy, in order to throw off investigation.

**Q:** (L) So they copied this activity to throw off investigations. Did they do this as an act to protect the aliens who were doing animal mutilations for their own purposes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Were they doing it to protect themselves from the public knowing that they were engaged in alien interactions?

**A:** They do it to protect the public from knowing that which would explode society if discovered.

**Q:** (L) What is this item that they were protecting so that society or the public wouldn't know about it. What activity is this?

**A:** Humans eat cattle, aliens eat you.

**Q:** (T) They've said that before. (L) Okay, yeah, we eat second level, they eat third. Did aliens do some of the cattle mutilations?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What do aliens do to cattle?

**A:** Blood.

**Q:** (L) They take the blood out of them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) They drink it? What do they use this blood for?

**A:** Nourishment.

**Q:** (L) Okay, but you just said that aliens eat humans, and humans eat cattle. Why were the aliens being nourished by cattle, if that's not their normal bill of fare? (J) Delicacy. (T) A cow's blood is a lot like human blood.

**A:** Do you not ever consume facsimile?

**Q:** (T) Hamburger helper? Shake and Bake, (J) And I helped! (laughter) Sorry!

**A:** Facsimile is less controversial, obviously!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they were eating cattle just to keep from having to eat so many humans, that would have just upset people a lot, is that it? Oh god.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, since they're eating cattle instead of humans, does that mean they'll stop eating humans? (L) Terry, you know better than that! (T) Well, it's the next logical question.

**A:** Some of their human "food" is merely emotions, think of flesh as being the equal of "filet mignon."

**Q:** (T) Some of their food is merely emotions. Okay, when we're talking about these aliens, are we talking about the Grays?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) We're talking about the Lizards.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay, what do the Grays feed on?

**A:** Plasma.

**Q:** (T) Okay, the Grays feed on plasma, blood plasmas of some kind, is this what you are saying?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay, so that's why they want the blood; so, do the Grays feed on emotions?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Okay,

**A:** They send them to Lizards.

**Q:** (T) The Grays send emotions to the Lizards? They're transmitters?

**A:** Transfer energy through technology.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this... (T) Are the cattle giving off enough emotion for the Grays to feed this to the Lizards also?

**A:** No. That is physical only, you see, Lizards and Grays only need physical nourishment while "visiting" 3rd level, not when in natural realm, 4th density, there they feed on emotions only.

**Q:** (T) Grays are not strictly third density? Because they've been created by the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes. Correct, they too are 4th level.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let me ask, while we're on this subject, real quickly, we need to move on to cover these questions. Actually, it becomes moot, since we know their technological capabilities. What technology do they use to surgically excise certain areas of the cattle's anatomy, is this done by laser...

**A:** Laser-like

**Q:** (L) Okay, since it has been noted that quite frequently the cattle mutilations consist of taking very specific parts of the body, such as the eyeballs, the genitalia; they core out the anal sphincter right up to the colon; what would be the purpose for these specific body parts? I mean, do they core out the rectum and put a pump on there and suck all the blood out, I mean... (T) That's what the tail's for! It's a pump! (L) Why? Why do they do this?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Close? I'm close?

**A:** Yes. Not the tail part, ha ha!

**Q:** (L) Okay, I think we kind of have an answer to this one, but there have been very frequently associated with the phenomenon of cattle mutilations, sightings of black, unmarked helicopters, who or what are these helicopters?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) Are some of these helicopters disguised alien craft? Are some of these helicopters the property of the U.S. Government?

**A:** Yes to both.

**Q:** (T) Are some of these helicopters private enterprise? A:

Yes.

**Q:** (L) Oh, boy Terry, you had to do that! A whole new can of worms!

**A:** All are interconnected

**Q:** (L) Okay, I want to ask this one, because this is one I haven't hit lately. Wendelle Steven's, who was associated with Billy Meier, and also Genesis 2 or 3, put out the Billy Meier book on the Billy Meier sightings....

**A:** Some too, are projections, this phenomenon is multifaceted.

**Q:** (L) I expect that goes back to the black helicopters. I want to know about Wendelle Stevens, associate of Billy Meier...

**A:** Why? This is wasted energy.

**Q:** (L) Well, I just want to know how reliable he is. In a word, is this person somebody who can be relied upon for factual information, yes or no?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's good enough. Who are the oriental- appearing personnel that have been seen manning the helicopters and the white vans that have been sighted all over the country?

**A:** MIB.

**Q:** (T) Talk about opening up another can of worms! (L) I'm not even going to touch that one!

**A:** And government copycats.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now, I have a list of names, and I want a yes or no as to whether these individuals were - because I believe most of them are deceased right now, this is just a little verification on some other things for the general public - were these individuals involved in the cover-up of the UFO activity and phenomenon in the U.S.?:

Roscoe Hillencotter (Yes)

Dr Vannebar Bush (Yes)

Secretary James Forrestal (yes)

General Nathan Twining (Yes)

General Hoyt F. Vandenberg (Yes)

Dr. Detlev Bronck (?) (Yes)

Jerome Hudson (Yes)

Mr. Sydney Sauers (Yes)

Donald Menzel (Yes)

Robert Montague (Yes)

Dr. Lloyd B. Berger (Yes)

**Q:** Who is in MJ12 now?

**A:** Will not reveal as you would be terminated if this information were to be let out, so forget it now!

**Q:** Does MJ12 still exist?

**A:** In different form.

**Q:** I would like to know who sent the MJ 12 documents to Jamie Shandera? Who sent those documents to him?

**A:** Bill Cooper.

**Q:** (T) Who sent them to Cooper?

**A:** He discovered them in records review.

**Q:** (L) He is the one who discovered the MJ 12 documents? Does he claim he sent them? (T) Yes. (L) How did you know that and I didn't know that? (T) I read the Cooper book, the early Cooper papers.

**A:** Cooper was unintended security leak, then "turncoat."

**Q:** (T) Okay, so he found all this out when he was working for the government...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** ...Which is how he got them out of the records?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Well Okay, while we are on the subject... I don't want the names of those involved with MJ12, the question is, if you gave us the names, how many of those people would we know? Not personally, but how many would we know? How many would we have heard of?

**A:** One or two maybe.

**Q:** (T) Which is what I figured. Just like back in the 40's you wouldn't have known who these people were. Hillencotter and Forrestal, maybe, because they were WWII people, their names were in the paper. Unless you were into sciences, you wouldn't know who these people were. (L) How many alien craft, actual alien craft, are in the hands of the government or this consortium?

**A:** 36

**Q:** (L) And were these captured craft? Or gifted?

**A:** And recovered.

**Q:** (T) Ok, they were all three. Were any of them purchased?

**A:** Not correct concept, Grays are not financial.

**Q:** (T) I didn't mean by money, I meant purchased as in some kind of a trade. A gift is something that is given without anything in return (J) We give them something in return. (T) Were the gift ones not what we would really consider gifts, but they were given to us in return for something else, some other kind of payment? Barter?

**A:** No. Because all sought return favors were already achieved.

**Q:** (L) So it was all just a farce. (T) So they were payment as opposed to gifts.

**A:** Not correct concept

**Q:** (L) How about this: They weren't payment, they weren't gifts, they were distractions?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (T) Okay, we've got captured ships, recovered ships, something called gifted ships, that were not really gifted ships, and the concept that some of them were purchased, but they were not purchased in a sense that we would normally purchase things, bartered for something, and that the ships that were gifted were given to the government in order to keep them distracted from other things that the beings were doing. Is this something close along the lines of what we're talking about?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (T) Okay, so there's a lot of different categories of how these ships got into the hands of the federal government?

**A:** Yes. Multidimensional

**Q:** (L) Okay, give me a yes or no answer on this: Dr. Paul Bennewitz - reliable, yes or no?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is his statement, as it is recorded in the KRLL papers, falsified?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is that statement true?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Was he reliable previously? At the time he was doing that work?

**A:** Sort of.

**Q:** (L) Who is O. H. Krill

**A:** No one.

**Q:** (L) Is O. H. Krill a group?

**A:** Symbolism.

**Q:** (L) Symbolism of what? What does O. H. Krill translate out to?

**A:** For documentary purposes only, your government likes code names.

**Q:** (L) Are you implying that this piece of work was put out by the government for dissemination of the subject matter? (J) Is it disinformation?

**A:** Complex.

**Q:** (L) Give us a percentage of factual information in this document.

**A:** 43%

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that 43% is factual?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so, in other words, this has been planted by the government. Was it put out with the intention of giving out some factual information...

**A:** No. Planted? No.

**Q:** (L) You are saying it was planted? (T) It was leaked purposely?

**A:** Your government is operating on many cross-purposes, very complicated!

**Q:** (T) Even the simplest things are very complicated with them. Okay, question: The U.S. government...

**A:** On purpose!

**Q:** (T) Very true. Question: The government, our government, the U.S. government, is holding 36 craft of one kind or another that they gotten in one way or another. How many other governments have craft?

**A:** All is one.

**Q:** (L) We already have a one-world government is what they're saying. (T) Yes, they're just waiting to make it official somehow. (L) Let me ask. What is...

**A:** Has been so for long time, as you measure time.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this one before the tape runs out and we take a break. What is the "ultimate secret" being protected by the Consortium?

**A:** You are not in control of yourselves, you are an experiment.

BREAK

**Q:** Do you have anything else to say on that subject?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (T) When you say this is the ultimate secret, that we're being "protected" from by the government, are we talking about the ultimate secret of humans only here?

**A:** Basically.

**Q:** (T) The ultimate secret of the human race is that we are an experiment that other humans are conducting on the rest of us?

**A:** Part.

**Q:** (T) Okay, does the other part have to do with the Lizards?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Other aliens also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay, so, are the humans who are running the experiment, do they know that they are part of the experiment also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And they're doing this willingly?

**A:** They have no choice.

**Q:** (L) Why do they have no choice?

**A:** Already in progress.

**Q:** (T) What is the experiment about?

**A:** Too complicated for you to understand.

**Q:** (J) I hate it when that happens! (T) Okay, is this part of, is this about the experiment the Lizzies are doing of dominating us and sucking us dry?

**A:** Yes, but there's much more than that, you will understand at level 4.

**Q:** (T) Okay, I won't pursue that much farther. (L) Okay, in this Krill document there was a statement made that the Grays and other aliens use glandular substances extracted during physical exams of human beings, what they would call the gynecological and the sperm extraction exams, that they used these glandular substances to get high or to feed on, that they are addicted to these, is this a correct assessment?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they use glandular substances at all?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What do they use glandular substances for?

**A:** Medicine.

**Q:** (L) And what or who do they use this medicine on?

**A:** Themselves.

**Q:** (L) And what does this medicine do for them?

**A:** Helps them cope with 3rd density.

**Q:** (T) Is this something that they use to help them stay in the 3d density?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Does it help them to manifest in a more solid physical manner?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, they draw glandular substances. Do they also use sexual energy given off by individuals to maintain their status in 3 dimensions?

**A:** No. That feeds them in 4d, as we told you before.

**Q:** (L) Yes. Okay. How "long", and I put long in quotes, because we know, as you say, there is no time, but how long, as we measure it, have the Grays been interacting with our race? The Grays, not the Lizards, the Grays, the cybergenetic probes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean, "No"?

**A:** Time travelers, therefore, "Time is ongoing."

**Q:** (L) Okay, recently I read a couple of books Jan gave me, "Knight in Shining Armor" and "Replay". Both of these books described time travel.

**A:** No, not finished with answer. Do you understand the gravity of last response?

**Q:** (L) They are time travelers, they can move forward and backward in time, they can play games with our heads... (T) They can set up the past to create a future they want. (D) They can organize things so that they can create the energy that they need... (L) They can also make things look good, make them feel good, make them seem good, they can make you have an idea one minute, and then the next minute, create some sort of situation that confirms that idea...

**A:** When you asked how long, of course it is totally unlimited, is it not?

**Q:** (L) That's not good. If they were to move back through space time and alter an event in our past, would that alteration in the past instantaneously alter our present as well?

**A:** Has over and over and over.

**Q:** (D) So they do it over and over and over, constantly? (L) So, at each...

**A:** You just are not yet aware, and have no idea of the ramifications!!!

**Q:** (L) We're getting a little glimmer! Yeah, I do, a little! (T) The ramifications of being able to move in and out of time and manipulate it the way you want (Jan/Laura) And the ramifications of what they're doing to us; what they are doing to us and what they will do to us, over and over. (F) What did it say about over and over? (L) So, in other words, our only real prayer in this whole damn situation is to get out of this density level. That's what they're saying, that's what it sounds like to me.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Because, otherwise, we're just literally, as in that book, stuck in the replay over and over and over, and the Holocaust could happen over and over, and we could just, you know... Genghis Khan, Attila the Hun... over and over and over again. (T) We're stuck in a time loop; they're putting us in a time loop. (J) Are we in a time loop?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) I have a question about... there was a... (PAUSE) Mankind has found it necessary for some reason or other to appoint time for some reason or other. The only reason I can see is to have a means of telling, like in verbal or written communications...

**A:** Control mechanism.

**Q:** (T) Is there a way for us to break the control mechanism? Besides moving to 4th density? (D) That was part...

**A:** Nope.

**Q:** (D) When 4th density beings communicate it's telepathic, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Okay, since time doesn't exist, how do you communicate about happenings?

**A:** Rephrase, please; clarify.

**Q:** (L) What she means to ask is, if you're communicating telepathically... (D) On 4th density.. (L) And time doesn't exist, how do you communicate about events as one happens now, as opposed to later and the next thing happens, and the next thing happens... (J) How is it sequential?

**A:** Translate.

**Q:** (D) Translate? Okay, let me explain what I mean. I mean, we talk about 1907 something happened...

**A:** That is how it is done.

**Q:** (T) Translate is how it is done. You translate the experience?

**A:** From 4 to 3. And vice verse.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, it's almost like making movies. (J) Are linear thought processes part of it? Is it being linear and non-linear?

**A:** Part of 3d illusion only.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, if you're a 4th density being, everything is more or less happening, excuse the term happening, everything is simultaneous, and if you wish to discuss or communicate or have any focus upon any particular aspect of this unified dimension, then what you do is you kind of extract it out, project it into 3d...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) ... like a movie.

**A:** But you will not understand fully until you get there

**Q:** (T) Okay, so it's a concept that we can't completely grasp in 3d at this point.

**A:** Can a dog grasp algebra? You got it.

**Q:** (L) In other words, we're in bad shape! And these guys are playing games with us, so to speak...

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (T) Subjective to whether we're in bad shape or not. A:

Yes.

**Q:** (T) I was going to say that doesn't necessarily mean we're in bad shape... (L) Well, the situation we find ourselves in, is the only way of getting out of this time loop, so to speak, to move into another density, or is there a loop in the other density as well?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No loop in the other density?

**A:** Yogis can do it.

**Q:** (L) Yogis can do it... (T) Transcend time. (L) Okay, let me ask this before we really start to go...

**A:** How they control their own physicality.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask a few questions here before, I think we're breaking up. First of all, there was the television special on the other night about...

**A:** What is "breaking up"?

**Q:** (L) I think it means that everybody's getting tired and losing their focus. The question I want to ask is about this...

**A:** You are, but not all others

**Q:** (L) Well, let me get my question in here, and if you guys want to sit up all night, I'll just keep my mouth shut.

**A:** Laura has "bug" in her system

**Q:** (L) Okay, I have a bug in my system. I want to know what this humming sound is that people are hearing all over this country? I mean people have been reporting hearing this intense humming sound that literally drives them crazy. There was a TV special on about this the other night. What is this humming and where is it coming from?

**A:** Increased EM waves in preparation for oncoming wave

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this sound, I mean, where specifically, location-wise, is it coming from?

**A:** Cosmic.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it's cosmic, it's not coming from the planet itself. Okay, what is the greatest weakness of the Lizzies or the Grays in 4d?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (T) Yes, that is their greatest weakness; Service to Self. (L) Is that in both densities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is there a way... can we use that against them? A:

Not correct philosophy.

**Q:** (T) Very true, very true. (L) I want to ask a question that Chuck brought up a little while ago, have we in our group...

**A:** Let Chuck ask himself.

**Q:** (C) Has this group been infiltrated by anyone in controlled by the aliens?

**A:** No, not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Can we get clarification?

**A:** Have attempted to corrupt communication, but remember, we, too are "alien".

**Q:** (D) There was one time when other aliens tried to interject, but they didn't succeed. (L) Yeah, that was in one of the other transcripts. I think what Chuck meant more specifically other than other alien communication or communicants was a particular 3 dimensional person, have we ever had such a person attend these sessions?

**A:** Not yet, but "stay tuned."

**Q:** (L) Well, I'm done with my questions, we covered my stuff. You guys are on your own now.

**A:** Chuck ask.

**Q:** (C) That was the only question I had, and they answered it.

**A:** Untrue.

**Q:** (L) Are you wondering something? Ask. (C) How truthful the source is?

**A:** Up to you to decide

**Q:** (T) They only provide the information. They want us to make the decisions as to what we do with it, interpret it, what happens with it. I'm sure we all look at it slightly differently. We all have a different way of perceiving things, so we all perceive it differently. (D) Is the information gathered from the collective consciousness? A collection of all lessons learned by all humans?

**A:** Yes, and other sources as well.

**Q:** (D) Does this include the Lizzies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) That includes you, also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Okay, can we tune into the collective consciousness?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (D) Okay, then, are there certain abilities needed to do this connection into the collective consciousness?

**A:** You all have all you need.

**Q:** (D) Well then, if this.. (T) By sitting here, we tap into them and they tap into us. (D) If this collective consciousness is a collection, haven't all lessons been learned by someone at some time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Then can we tune into the collective consciousness to find how our same lessons have been solved before?

**A:** Yes. But what is "before?"

**Q:** (D) Before? No, I didn't ask... (J) Before, during, after, these are all time concepts. (D) Oh, yeah.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Well, my real question is if all the answers are there, and we can get there, why are we going through the lessons again? I mean, why do we have to go through these lessons if the solutions are already there?

**A:** Its all just lessons.

**Q:** (D) I know, that's what made me ask... I just.. I can't understand this.. we already have the answers, and we're going through the lessons again... (T) Not all of us have learned all the answers, that's why we're all going through the lessons again.... (D) But, you see, all the answers are there...

**A:** Who said "again" ?

**Q:** (J) Is it more like "still" ? (D) But if all the answers are there...

**A:** You are still thinking at 3rd level.

**Q:** (D) Yeah, but I'm still trying to understand.. Sorry, guys

**A:** Don't "try" so much, just go with it.

**Q:** (T) It's like Master Yoda said in Star Wars, "Don't try, do" .... Just do it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) See, I knew Star Wars had a redeeming social value. (J) So did Relationships. The how is to do it. (D) But if the answers are there, and we can find the answers, to our lessons... (T) We don't have to find the answers, we have the answers. The answers are within all of us. (D) It seems so redundant... (T) Most of the lessons are to find the right answers... (D)...to actually go through the doing of the lessons....

**A:** No. Not correct idea.

**Q:** (T) Where were we going with this? (D) Oh, it was just a wonder of mine, it's just like, if we have the answers, I didn't understand why we do it. (J) We're not supposed to know. (T) Well, if we have all the answers, they're all in us, and we all know the correct solutions to the lessons, we should always be able to do it right, but we're doing it wrong, that means we haven't learned it right yet.

**A:** Retrieval.

**Q:** (L) I know what she's hanging up on here - what's the point? (D) Yeah! (L) That's the whole question, what's the point? And I guess the point is, is that it's just...

**A:** Lessons.

**Q:** (L) In other words, just to have something to do (J) Hang on a second, I want to read something to you. Corinthians 13... (D) I can't handle this... (J) just listen. This is from Corinthians 13, the one about love. "When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. For now we see through a glass darkly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know, even as I also am known." And that's what going from 3rd to 4th is going to be like. (D) Is that part of the... (T) Think so? (Tea kettle starts to whistle.....)

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) That's it. We're not supposed to know it all now. In moving from 3rd to 4th, is part of the knowledge process. (T) We gain insight moving..

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T)...insight we don't have yet, but we can start working with what we may not understand what it is we're doing.

**A:** Close

**Q:** So when you said we're thinking in 3rd...

**A:** Stop noise.

**Q:** (L) Somebody turn off the kettle... (T) It's bothering us too, we're taking care of it..... (....Tea kettle whistle is turned off) ....that's one 3rd density thing we can do! So when you say that we're thinking in 3rd density, you're not always telling us we're not thinking correctly, you're just indicating that we're thinking in 3rd density, because we can't think in any other way.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) So not all those shots were shots, they were just saying that it's as far as we can get right now

**A:** We don't shoot.

**Q:** (L) I have a question - do you guys have emotions...

**A:** Not 3rd level.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, then let me ask it this way. What are your thoughts towards us, or your attitude or emotions, as you know them towards us? Individually or as a group?

**A:** Love.

**Q:** (D) Well, that's what I needed to hear. [sigh] (J) Be patient, we're not finished yet.

**A:** Hoorah!

**Q:** (T) Well, there's not any of us here alone. They're us in the future. (J) Diana, think of us like those puppies in there. Our eyes aren't open yet, but they'll open up. **A:** Yes.

**A:** But there is no time so you are already are where you are, you see, we are you in the "future".

**Q:** (D) I have a question. Transdimensional atomic remolecularization, is this teleportation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (D) Okay, so this is the way we will transfer from 3rd to 4th?

**A:** Technology for this purpose.

**Q:** (D) Well, is this the way they're going to move the new bodies to the ancient earth?

**A:** No. That is a natural process.

**Q:** (T) They're creating the bodies now with the genetic engineering. (D) Yeah, I know, but...

**A:** TDARM is tech.

**Q:** (T) What was that? Was it a word? (J) I have no idea. Please repeat the entire...

**A:** Abbreviation

**Q:** (L) Trans Dimensional Atomic ReMolecularization! Got it. (T) It's on the tip of everybody's tongue these days! (D) Down at the church they gave me a list of prayers and symbols to use in a ritual where I would say a prayer while I had my hand on a symbol and the purpose of this...

**A:** Rituals restrict

**Q:** (D) So, in other words, that did not connect my DNA chains. Right?

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (D) Okay, well that's what I thought, but I went ahead and did it because I didn't want to pass up an opportunity!

**A:** Stop!

**Q:** (T) Stop rituals. They don't approve of any rituals, it blocks the flow, it restricts. (D) That's fine, I won't do it any more. (L) Pure universal knowledge includes everything, and if you establish a ritual, that means you are adhering to one line of thought, one mode of thinking, one idea structure, and, excluding all others. (D) Was that in the thing, did I miss that? (T) In different words, it's in there several times. (L) You may not have gotten it, you only have part of the transcripts, you only have about 100 pages. (D) I got up to file 3, page 41. (L) You don't have a whole lot of it. You're probably missing parts of it. (T) You really have to read through it many times. (D) I don't want to look like a pseudo- intellect... (J) You're trying to understand.

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (T) Is it ok if we bring our friend Brad Merrill?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (T) Would he be a good addition to the group?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) What are his feelings towards what we're doing? A:

Puzzled.

**Q:** (T) Puzzled about the purpose?

**A:** Does not conform to his belief system.

**Q:** (J) I could hear it in his voice when I was telling him, he wasn't being openly receptive, but he wasn't being combative about it, either. He was open...(F) Is he a MUFON person? (T) Yes, He's scientifically based. He's following Hoagland's stuff. (F) Well, I've got that tape, too, and I think there's something to it... (T) He talks with Hoagland, he's in contact with Hoagland... (D) Terry, do you want to ask about what the individuals in this group are going to do in the future?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) Is Jan's mom's estate going to be settled relatively quickly and easily?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (T) Is it going to make everybody happy, the outcome? A:

Subjective. Open.

**Q:** (T) When we were talking about other people, let me throw another name out here, Robert Dean, do you know who he is?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is he telling the truth as he knows it?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) Is there more to what he knows, he's just not telling all of it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is he as honest and up front as he seems to be?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (T) Is he doing disinformation for the government?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) He's really a good speaker. Is he doing disinformation for anyone?

**A:** No. Withholds.

**Q:** (T) He's withholding information?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (J) He's withholding MJ12 information? (T) Well, it could be anything. He's made several sweeping statements and has lots of facts and figures and stuff that he was privy to when he was in the military in NATO, was all that information abou the "Assessment" and all that stuff all true?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Was he allowed to see it on purpose?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) So his story about that it was there in the security vault, and because he had access and because he was able to see it, and that he just was intrigued by it is true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay. Is he going to tell the rest of what he knows?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is he in danger because he is telling the truth? A:

Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Also, it's smart to tell the truth as loudly as you can, and in front of as many people as you can. He's an amazing speaker, and the things he has to say.... to me, his body language is that he's telling the truth. I have a question about a friend, Nova Montgomery, is she open to this?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) We've told her some about this, does she.. how does she feel?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) How does she feel about what we've told her so far?

**A:** Skeptical.

**Q:** (C) What is my son's next duty station?

**A:** Open. Will he even stay in?

**Q:** (C) There's someone who owes me a great deal of money, will they pay within the next few months?

**A:** You must act upon this.

**Q:** (T) Will Chuck have to go as far as taking him to court?

**A:** Likely.

**Q:** (T) Does Chuck have a good lawyer? Humor! mirth! Don't answer that! All the good ones are in California right now! Oh, OJ. I think even they are bored with OJ by now! (J) Are you bored with OJ by now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What major event is happening under the cover of the OJ trial right now?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (T) You mean we're just getting stuck with all this snow, and there ain't even anything happening?

**A:** Diversion by opportunity.

**Q:** (T) What a waste of a good diversion if there isn't anything going on! Here's this great diversion and they don't even have anything to hide behind it! (D) Is Sara having some problems that she's not coming to me about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Is there anything that you can tell me about this?

**A:** Diana, communicate, as we told you.

**Q:** (D) What did I forget? (T) What have you been doing on your own? (J) Have you been 'surfing' the cosmos on your own? Surfing the board, so to speak? (T) Well, it will come to you; they've told you something and it will come back. (D) Would you mind clarifying that, I don't know... (T) What was it you told her?

**A:** Communicate, don't preach.

**Q:** (D) Thanks for the help, yeah, you're right. Is there anything else I can do to help Sarah?

**A:** Learn.

**Q:** (J) Do you have any messages for any of us tonight?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Do you have anything you would like to communicate to the group?

**A:** Not this session.

**Q:** (T) You predicted a quake in Japan, near Osaka, several sessions back, you were off by the magnitude a little bit and by the miles a little bit, but basically you were correct. What between that prediction and the prediction for the Tokyo quake can Japan expect?

**A:** Not correct interpretation. Osaka quake yet to be.

**Q:** (T) So this was not the quake that you predicted the 8.9, this was a 7.2, but it was miles distance from Osaka almost right on the money, but this was not the quake that you predicted? (J) There's going to be another one coming?

**A:** Yes 14 more this sequence. (?? 14 more this sequence ??)

**Q:** (T) 14 more quakes? (J) I'm sorry, I'm losing it real bad tonight, I don't know why. {She was referring to her inability to keep up with the speed of delivery.} (D) Are you breaking up? (J)

No, it's me. Please repeat the answer. (T) We're having problems down here in 3rd density this evening!

**A:** SEQUENCE.

**Q:** (T) This is one in a sequence of earthquakes that are going to culminate in the 8.9?

**A:** 9 pt 6

**Q:** (T) In Osaka, near Osaka?

**A:** Tokyo.

**Q:** Okay, that's the one you talked about, then a 9.6, that's going to be the culmination of the quakes in this. This is only the 3rd or 4th in a sequential series and the 8.9 that's going to hit them hasn't happened yet.

**A:** 7th.

**Q:** (T) This is the 7th earthquake?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) 7.2 was the 7th earthquake, there's going to be 14 of them, is that what you said before?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) So there's 7 more coming? (T) So the 14th one will be the big one, in Tokyo?

**A:** 13th.

**Q:** (T) Okay, the 13th is going to be the 9.6 and I think the other prediction was 9.8, they're close. That'll be the 13th. What will be the 8.9, which one of those will be the Osaka 8.9?

**A:** Within next 4.(in the sequence?)

**Q:** (T) What will the 14th be?

**A:** Small.

**Q:** (T) So they're going out anticlimactically on the last quake. Is Mt. Fujiyama going to explode, is the volcano going to become active again?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Will these quakes, is China, Korea, Philippines and the surrounding area also going to be affected as these quakes increase in strength?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are we talking about putting about 30% of the world's industrial output out of business in the next year and a half or so?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) They're not going to recover anytime soon, ok so when this all happens is there going to be an effect on California of all of this, on the West Coast of this country?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Not just California. Is Los Angeles going to be hit with any of these big earthquakes as the plate on the other side moves?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What magnitude?

**A:** 8.9

**Q:** (T) Where will that happen?

**A:** San Gabriel Mountains.

**Q:** (T) Is that outside of Los Angeles? San Andreas Fault line?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Will this be very destructive to Los Angeles?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (T) In the destruction of this area, is this going to increase the job potential on the East Coast, in order to then, this is really serious stuff here, because this is going to affect the economy the way it shifts...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So it...

**A:** Mass exodus from California.

**Q:** (T) Those dumb people out there looked at that Osaka stuff and said, "Oh, you know, that might happen to us. OHHH, boy, the brain finally fired up out there. (J) They've been in denial about that out there... (D) Will that bring an influx of people to Florida?

**A:** Yes. 15 quakes.

**Q:** (D) And then they're going to move. (T) 15 quakes in the California area?

**A:** In near future.

**Q:** (T) Are we talking strictly the West Coast here?

**A:** California.

**Q:** (T) Are there going to be earthquakes elsewhere in the United States?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) 15 in the near future in California alone... (D) This is the beginning of the destruction of the state of California, there'll be separation from the North American continent. (T) Well, they said don't take that literally, or it will fall off, it's symbolic...

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) So look at it symbolically. (D) Okay. (J) Where are the other quakes going to be?

**A:** Hundreds.

**Q:** (T) Hundreds? Hundreds of earthquakes. Hundreds of places?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** There's going to be that many additional earthquakes? Beside the 15 in California?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) We're going to be rocking and rolling on this continent! Of course, when you move a plate, that's a lot of stuff. Are we going to be seeing a lot of water damage on the coast?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is the West Coast of Florida going to see a rising water level?

**A:** That is vague.

**Q:** (T) Is there going to be earthquakes in Florida?

**A:** Seismically stable.

**Q:** (T) Will the seismic activity cause the water level in Florida to go up?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) So, for the time being, during the quakes, we'll be fairly safe, but there's other things to worry about beside that?

**A:** Storms.

**Q:** (D) are we talking hurricanes?

**A:** Cyclonic.

**Q:** (J) Will there be any damage from such storms in this area?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (C) Are these caused by nature? (T) Is all this activity being.. is natural?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (D) If I were to go down to Hiala Dean's, is there anything I can do in the way of healing that would help him?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Laura says goodnight. We're closing up

**A:** Bye

END OF SESSION

