## November 11, 1995
Frank, Laura, Susan V

Considering the direction the Cs took in this session, it's interesting that it was held on 11-11.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Lynostieah

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** The translation point of focus is Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Is there a reason you use the term "translation?" Is it because the information is translated from one density to another?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is that the point where the energy "shifts" densities?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) I noticed that in the beginning of these transmission that the language was very formalized, and that as time has gone by, the language used has become more colloquial. Why is this?

**A:** Formalized? Colloquial? Define your judgments, please!

**Q:** (L) Well, what I meant was, that in the beginning it seemed that certain colloquial expressions that we are accustomed to were unclear to you. And now, not only is there great familiarity with our expressions, but you seem to often come up with rather clever and original witty sayings.

**A:** Familiarity breeds contentment!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I want to get on with the questions for tonight...

**A:** Do you not wish to reflect upon our witticism?

**Q:** (L) (laughter) Yes! I thought that was a very clever witticism!

**A:** It seemed as if you were not impressed?!? Give us a break, Laura?!? We're only sixth density!

**Q:** (L) As we say, "I love a sixth density light being with a sense of humor!" Now, the main thing I wanted to ask about is the references I come across in tons of reading, that the number 33 is somehow significant. Could you tell us the significance, in esoteric terms, or in terms of secret societies, of the number 33. There is the cipher of Roger Bacon, based on the number 33, the 33rd degree masons...

**A:** As usual, we do not just give you the answers, we help you to teach yourself!! Now, take 11 and contemplate...

**Q:** (L) Well, three times eleven is thirty-three.

**A:** Yes, but what about 11?

**Q:** (L) Well, eleven is supposed to be one of the prime, or divine power numbers. In Kaballah, 11 is the power number...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Eleven is 10 plus 1; it is divisible only by itself and by 1. I can't think of anything else. I am an 11 in numerology... I am also a 22. What else is there to the number 11?

**A:** Astrology.

**Q:** (L) Well, in astrology, the eleventh sign is Aquarius, my name is an eleven, my birthday is a 22 which is twice eleven, and I am an Aquarian. The eleventh house is friends, hopes, dreams and wishes, and also adopted children. Aquarius the Waterbearer, the dispenser of knowledge. Does 11 have something to do with dispensing of knowledge?

**A:** Now, 3rd house.

**Q:** (L) Gemini. Okay. Gemini and Aquarius. Third house is how the mind works, communication, relations with neighbors and siblings, education, local travel, how one speaks. Gemini is known as the "consummate man." Somewhat shallow and interested in the things of material life. It is also the divine number of creation. So, what's the connection here?

**A:** Matrix.

**Q:** (L) Is there something about this in the Matrix material?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) This IS a matrix. The third house and the eleventh house create a matrix?

**A:** Foundation.

**Q:** (L) In terms of cosmic things, Gemini is in June, Aquarius is in February... (S) Isn't the third house also about teaching? And, we are friends here and we are being taught...

**A:** This is not about you.

**Q:** (L) Okay. This is not about us. I am just trying to relate it. Gemini is in June, Aquarius is in February. Gemini is the physical man, and Aquarius is the spiritual man?

**A:** Yin Yang.

**Q:** (L) So Gemini is the physical man and Aquarius is the spiritual man... yin yang... is that the...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) So 33 could represent the transformation of the physical man to the divine man through the action of secret or hidden teachings... and those who have gone through this process represent themselves with the number 33, which means that they started out oriented to the flesh and then became...

**A:** Medusa 11.

**Q:** (L) Medusa 11? What does Medusa have to do with it? (S) What about spinning 33 times? (L) Please tell me how Medusa relates here?

**A:** Heads.

**Q:** (L) Heads. Medusa. 11. Were there eleven snakes on the head of Medusa or eleven heads? This is really obscure... you need to help me out here.

**A:** We are.

**Q:** (L) Do I need to read the Medusa legend to understand?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Medusa. Heads. 11. Is there something about the mythical Medusa that we need to see here?

**A:** 11 squared divided by phi.

**Q:** (L) By pi. 11 squared divided by pi. What does this result bring us to?

[Laura's note: Above, I assumed that the Cs meant ‘pi' no ‘phi' since I really wasn't all that familiar with phi as a mathematical idea so this is the point where things get frustrating. I'm operating on wrong assumptions.]

**A:** 33.infinity.

**Q:** (L) Well, we don't get 33 out of this... we get 3.3166 etc if we divide the square root of 11 by pi. Divided by phi... what in the heck is phi? Okay, if we divide pi into 11, we get 3.5 infinity, but not 33.

**A:** 1 times 1

**Q:** (L) Oh. You weren't saying 11 times 11, you were saying 1 times 1.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) 1 times 1 is what? 1.

**A:** 5 minus 3.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's 2.

**A:** 2 minus 1.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's 1. I don't get it. A math genius I am NOT. What is the concept here?

**A:** Look: 3 5 3 5 3 5.

**Q:** (L) What is the 3 5 sequence?

**A:** 5 minus 3.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have strange math. But, you can do anything with numbers because they correspond to the universe at deep levels...

**A:** Is code.

**Q:** (L) What does this code relate to? Is it letters or some written work?

**A:** Infinite power.

[Laura's note: It is obvious now that the Cs were talking about a phi spiral, Fibonacci Sequence, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, etc., Golden Ratio: The ratio between two consecutive numbers in the Fibonacci Series tends to the Golden Number Φ: 0.618… or 1.618; The ratio of each successive pair of numbers in the sequence approximates phi (1.618. . .), as 5 divided by 3 is 1.666…, and 8 divided by 5 is 1.60. but I was ignorant of all that at the time. Poor Cs were SOO frustrated I think.]

**Q:** (L) How is infinite power acquired by knowing this code? If you don't know the correspondences, how can you use a numerical code?

**A:** Lord of Serpent promises its followers infinite power which they must seek infinite knowledge to gain, for which they pledge allegiance infinitely, for which they possess for all eternity, so long as they find infinite wisdom, for which they search for all infinity.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is a round robin... a circle you can't get out of!

**A:** And therein you have the deception! Remember, those who seek to serve self with supreme power, are doomed only to serve others who seek to serve self, and can only see that which they want to see.

**Q:** (L) The thought that occurs to me, as we are talking here, is that the STS pathway consists of an individual who wants to serve themselves - they are selfish and egocentric -they want to impel others to serve them; they want to enslave others; and they find ways to manipulate others to serve them. But, they end up being impelled by some higher being than they are. Because they have been tricked into believing that by so doing, they are actually drawing power to themselves through the teachings, including the popular religions which promote being "saved" by simply believing and giving up your power. And, then, you have a whole pyramid of people TAKING by trickery and deception, from others. The taker gets taken from in the end. A pyramid where all those on the bottom, the majority, have no one to take from, so they get absorbed into the next level higher, until you get to the apex and everything disappears. In the STO mode, you have those who only give. And, if they are involved with other STO persons, everyone has and no one is at the bottom or at the top, in a void. In the end, it seems like everyone ends up serving someone else anyway, and the principle is the INTENT. But in STO, it is more like a circle, a balance, no one is left without.

**A:** Balance, yin-yang.

**Q:** (L) Obviously the 33 represents the Serpent, the Medusa, and so forth...

**A:** You mentioned pyramid, interesting... And what is the geometric one-dimensional figure that corresponds?

**Q:** (L) Well, the triangle. And, if you have a triangle point up you have 3, joined to a triangle pointing down, you have 3, you have a 33. Is that something like what we are getting at here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there a connection between the number 33 and the Great Pyramid in Egypt?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what is that connection? Is it that the builders of the pyramid participated in this secret society activity?

**A:** Yes. And what symbol did you see in "Matrix," for Serpents and Grays?

**Q:** (L) You are talking about the triangle with the Serpent's head in it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are we talking in terms of this 33 relating to a group of "aliens," or a group of humans with advanced knowledge and abilities?

**A:** Either/or.

**Q:** (L) Is this what has been referred to in the Bramley book [Gods of Eden] as the Brotherhood of the Serpent or Snake?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this also what you have referred to as the Quorum?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, we have a bunch of people who are playing with mathematics, and playing with higher knowledge, basically as a keep busy activity to distract them at the human level from the fact that they are being manipulated at a higher level. Is this what is going on? Or, do they consciously know what they are doing? Is it a distraction or a conscious choice?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) If I were to name some names, could you identify if named individuals were involved in this secret group?

**A:** It would not be in your best interests.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything more on this 33 number that I should look at now?

**A:** No. You need to contemplate.

**Q:** (L) The next question in the list is: You indicated that we should study the legend of Orion, and I looked it up in several sources, and basically the legend is of the perfect man, who fell in love with a woman, and her jealous father caused him to be blinded. The only cure was to gaze at the light, the goddess Aurora, to regain his sight. Can you tell us how this relates to the idea that Orion was the indigenous home of humans?

**A:** It is up to you to look for answers.

**Q:** (L) There was an interesting reference in one of the books of the relationship of Orion to Scorpio, that Orion's bow is drawn at Scorpio. And, at one other point, you said that the physical bodies of mankind were molecularized, and ARE being molecularized, on a planet called D'Ankhiar, which is in the constellation Scorpio.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship of Orion to Scorpio? The Orion "bad guys," shooting at Scorpio which is the place of origin of the physical manifestation of the human race...

**A:** Bad guys?

**Q:** (L) Forget I said bad guys. "Shooting at Scorpio." Is there any relationship, symbolically, to the fact that the human bodies...

**A:** It is all interrelated.

**Q:** (L) The killing of Osiris, according to the legend, occurred on either the 28th day of Scorpio, or in the 28th year of his life. What is the symbology of the number 28, if any?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (L) This book describes the Nordic aliens as having blood with a different chemical base than ours...

**A:** This is trivial disinformation, "Nordic" Physiology is identical to yours, with the exception being their cranium, which averages 3 per cent larger. Discuss for insight. Must end session.

**Q:** (L) Thank you.

END OF SESSION

