## February 11, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV, DM {IMO, DM was a bit New Agey and her presence was problematical}

**A:** Wow, what a change!

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** The new board.

**Q:** Well, glad you like it. Let's get on with the questions.

**A:** You didn't ask for ID.

**Q:** Okay, who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Sorran.

**Q:** And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (DM) Are you male or female?

**A:** There is no gender here.

**Q:** (L) You have said that you are us in the future, can you identify which one of you is me or Frank, or anyone else?

**A:** All are one. Names are used for your perceptions. We do not mean that we are one "individual", but that we are one in unity.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have some personal stuff I would like to ask about without mentioning it specifically, can I do that?

**A:** Whatever you desire!

**Q:** (L) Well, something has been going on with me internally and I just don't know what it is. I don't even know who I am right now. I am at odds with myself, it seems. What is going on? Why am I so irritable?

**A:** You are being defensive, letting go of old stuff.

**Q:** Well, I am trying not to be irritable.

**A:** You try too much. Stop attempting and just "Go with it!" There is no need to steer, no need to drive, just ride!

**Q:** Well, that is very hard for me to do when this energy threatens to overwhelm me. {I understand now that this was the seating of the higher emotional center. It really did feel like a form of madness.}

**A:** You have always been a driver, that is the old stuff to let go of. Why resist? This is why you have been irritable. Your super consciousness is telling you something.

**Q:** (L) Why did this feeling begin when Frank's dad passed away? Why do I feel now that I don't know which way we are going to go?

**A:** That was a steppingstone, a "milestone", if you like.

**Q:** (L) Okay, on one occasion you responded to a question by saying that JW and Mike F had "reported" me. Obviously this was not done consciously. You then said that they were unconscious and unwitting agents for the Lizzies. This perhaps implies that they have been abducted. How many times has JW been abducted and when did the abductions start?

**A:** He has been "contacted" or abducted 186 times beginning at age 4.

**Q:** What about Mike?

**A:** Are you ready for this? 446 times.

**Q:** {General sounds of amazement} How does the control mechanism work with these two since, obviously, they would both be quite amazed to hear this, if not, in fact, go into complete denial?

**A:** Waves are transmitted into their minds which stimulate pre-coded implants. They are monitored. When they are exposed to truth, the waves are generated to prevent their reception and to strengthen pre-coded thought patterns of resistance.

**Q:** (L) You also said on one other occasion that something was done to me physically to block my energy and cause physical problems. What was this?

**A:** Your thyroid was inhibited.

**Q:** (L) You have said on occasion that free will is the most important law of consciousness in creation. Why can we not exercise our free will and refuse to be abducted and experimented upon?

**A:** Those who abduct are exercising their free will in doing so.

**Q:** (L) Why does their free will have precedence over our free will?

**A:** Why does your free will have precedence over density 2 and 1 beings?

**Q:** (L) In a past reading you told me that the UFO I saw above my pool was a "multiple reality projection." What is this in layman's terms? Did we see a nuts-and-bolts craft, or did we see something that was projected?

**A:** Your mind was given to you to be used, we provide clues.

**Q:** (L) Multiple realities? Okay, so this was a point in space/time where there was or is a convergence of 3rd and 4th realities so that they were probably in 4th density, and we were in 3rd; yet the area around my house was created as a multiple reality station for this event to occur, is that correct?

**A:** Bravo!

**Q:** (L) Once again I want to ask what was the purpose of them showing themselves to me, since they are the "bad" guys?

**A:** See last answer.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't like what I think when I think about that.

**A:** Then think something else.

**Q:** (L) I heard from Terry and Jan that there have been reports of numerous sightings of UFOs in the region, particularly on Saturday nights when we are doing our sessions. Is there any connection between this activity and what we are doing?

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship?

**A:** You are leading the way.

**Q:** (DM) We are leading the way. (L) That's the relationship? Can we get a clarification on that? (DM) Are we clearing the ground for other occurrences here on this planet? (L) Or, are they showing themselves to try to stop us from leading the way, because we are leading the way in a major way?

**A:** All of the above.

**Q:** (L) So, it's the same thing. We are leading the way and they are trying to stop us. Okay...

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) And it's a manifestation of 3rd and 4th density conjunction that are created by the expanding of consciousness in this area?

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) Umm, (DM) We are getting information to be given to mankind?

**A:** And...

**Q:** (DM) This is going to be published?

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) And are they actually... are some of these craft evidence of your presence?

**A:** And...

**Q:** (DM) It is all going to fit together like a puzzle. (L) So, in other words, our activities are interactive in a sense... and we are leading the way?

**A:** Yes, for the whole world!!!

**Q:** (SV) For the whole world? (DM) God! Does this mean that we are of extreme importance?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (DM) I got goose bumps! (SV) I didn't. (L) You always knew it. (SV) I didn't say that! {laughter} (DM) Can I ask a personal question? Is this why I am moving to New Port Richey?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) They are not going to give you that one. You know why.

**A:** Now, we suggest you be humble!!!

**Q:** (DM) I think we will be. {laughter} (L) I'm trying hard... {sings} Oh lord, it's hard to be humble, when you're perfect in every wayyy! {laughter} {Oddly enough, last night (4 Dec 2011) I was singing that very song with a guest – we were making fun of human foibles. So it's funny to see it here in this session as I am editing it for publishing.}

**A:** Laura, this is directed mainly toward you.

**Q:** (L) You mean the "be humble" part?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) I try real hard and you guys know it. It's hard, sometimes when you have to be in charge. And, I know you told me to let go and let someone else drive for a while, so I will. Frank, you drive. You're in charge now.

**A:** No need for that.

**Q:** (L) In a previous reading you stated that the Lizzies tried to abduct my eldest daughter and that I "stopped" it. At the time I should have asked, and am asking now: how, specifically, did I stop that activity? {The situation and what I did is described in "Amazing Grace".}

**A:** Mental blocking, i.e. using 4th density principles.

**Q:** (DM) Was it just her presence that led them to believe that they should go find somebody else to abduct?

**A:** Pay attention to self-explanatory answers.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so, a mental block is a 4th density principle?

**A:** Bravo!

**Q:** (L) So, mentally blocking is our defense?

**A:** One of them.

**Q:** (L) And, I was galvanized to erect this shield around my child because it was my baby?

**A:** And you knew what to do.

**Q:** (L) So, we have to go global? That is a lot of responsibility. (DM)I would rather it just stay very private. (L) It can't. (F) We do not have the ability to direct it, DM, it just may become... (DM) This is something that I am trying to overcome... (F) Don't worry about it, go with it... (SV) Yeah, just go with it... (F) When they were speaking to Laura, they were really speaking to all of us. Don't try and drive or direct. (L) Whatever will come, will come. (SV) It's just like what they told me about massage and bodywork. I don't even plan it anymore, I just start doing it and whatever my hands do is what is done. (F) Don't worry about notoriety, if it is meant to be, it will happen that way and it will work. It won't cause your life to be disrupted and your entire family to be rent asunder. {Famous last words!}(DM) Well, I have at least started teaching {my daughter}, and the other day I even went so far as to express the teachings in the classroom.{DM was a computer science teacher in one of the local schools.} One kid said something very negative to another kid and I said: "You know, it's just like a big wall of elastic that comes up in front of you. Whatever you say just bounces right back on you." The kids in the class applauded! I feel that I have to be very careful of what I say to keep from losing my job. (L) There are a lot of things you can say in a general way that are acceptable to just about anybody, no matter what their belief system. (DM) I want to ask... Am I eventually going to lose my job because of my metaphysical abilities?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) They are not going to tell you something like that. My initial reaction is no, but you may walk away from it someday. (F) Yeah, that's what came to me also. If someone came along and offered you a sewing factory, would you keep on knitting alone at home? (DM) I see what you are saying. Then, what we are doing here might lead to something big? (L) Huge. (SV) I think it already is. (F) The momentum is starting to pick up. It is like the snowball just starting to roll from the top of Mount Everest. (DM) I never fathomed that...

**A:** Worry not, DM. "Que sera, sera!"

**Q:** (Frank) {sings} "Whatever will be, will be..." (SV) Sometimes when you lose a job, you always go onto something better. (DM) I need to actually put something out there to manifest. (L) You are already doing that right now...

**A:** No need to drive, just ride, that is what we do, we ride the wave!

**Q:** (SV) Go with the flow. (DM) I just kind of meandered into this. (L) I want to say something now. For a very long time Frank and I have been working at trying to get something through that was of a very high order, and we believed it could be done eventually. We knew we had to kiss a lot of frogs to get to a prince. We also knew we had to go through a lot of pooh to get to the prize. So, we did that for a long period of time. We carried a heavy burden, both of us, for a long time. I am now very, very grateful for all the help that has come from so many directions. It was overwhelming me. I knew the significance, I drove myself... Frank will tell you, I drove myself day and night... I did everything by myself. Finally, others came along who were willing to put forth financial help, time and effort, because I virtually carried it on my own, financially and every other way...

**A:** And others will be brought in.

**Q:** (L) And, I want to say that Susan is, at this point, playing a key role in the moving of this project because I have been so physically attacked for so long that without her work, I would not be able to continue, much less do even more, as I can see is going to be upcoming. Frank will tell you that he has seen me laid up in bed from attacks for literally days and weeks at a time. Then, I would force myself to push on, start driving myself. (DM) Were these problems because of the DNA changes? (L) I think it was more the forces trying to block the fruition of this project, trying to prevent both of us from combining our energies. (DM) Do you suppose they could be working through {my daughter} on me? (L) Absolutely. (F) Nobody who is involved in this will just sail along until they get over the hump. For years and years these forces have been trying to get me to commit suicide because they saw this coming. (L) We have been told by the Cassiopaeans that both of us were programmed to commit suicide or otherwise destroy ourselves. I asked why this was and we were told that we were very important to the world. I initially had a little trouble with that answer, but, it seems that this project is the meaning of it, at least up to this point. Who knows what it ultimately means? (DM) What about Scientology?

**A:** Another Lizard plot, of course.

**Q:** (DM) Well, I was really into it. (L) So, on the one hand we experience a lot of attack, and on the other, there has been a lot of divine intervention to get us to this point. (SV) I have a friend from school named Linda, she's in Tampa. Who or what is she channeling?

**A:** Multiple sources.

**Q:** (SV) I am going to be taking a class from her in Oriental healing... (L) Now, in a previous session, and this is what I seem to be doing tonight, covering some stuff and filling in some blanks...

**A:** Okay, but why not spread review process over several sessions?

**Q:** Well, just one more question: You said that Neanderthal man had been taken by the Lizzies to another planet, now, I don't want to know what other planet, but I would like to know what state, evolutionary speaking, is Neanderthal man in at present, as we measure time?

**A:** No progress, still the same.

**Q:** Any information for us in general?

**A:** Listen: Now is point where all can learn more information by searching within more, rather than from without. One or two of you are already very adept at this, this way you access universal truths directly, where there is less likelihood of corruption if done properly, see?

**Q:** (L) Does this mean you want us to start using a direct channeling method? (DM) Do you want us to use one of us as a voice?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (DM) Do you mean simultaneously?

**A:** As you wish.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean that you want us to, for example, gather as a group, meditate together...

**A:** Just ask yourselves questions, and receive answers.

**Q:** (L) In other words, no hypnosis, just sit and discuss and ask back and forth among ourselves and let the energy of the group interact?

**A:** Or in solitude as well. Then network and exchange lessons, one does this often.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you want us to do the discussion thing, and you want us to begin to ask ourselves? Does this mean you want us to discontinue using the board?

**A:** No, of course not!!

**Q:** (DM) I don't understand. (SV) I do, we are supposed to find out things on our own and check certain things out to make sure we are on track.

**A:** Open channel, one or two are open already.

**Q:** (L) One or two individuals in the group are already open?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (DM) Who are they?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) They are not going to tell us that. (F) All you have to do is ask the questions and the answers come to you. I do it all the time and have been since I was five or six. (DM) That is what I started to do. I started hearing the answers before they were spelled out. (F) That happens here with the board, but what I am saying is the answer is to channel by yourself. (L) Don't we have to be concerned to a certain extent with corrupting influences?

**A:** Not with your group.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean, at this point, we are individually and collectively, tuned in?

**A:** Yes. We will aid in process to an extent.

**Q:** (L) And as the group grows larger, the other people who come and find themselves at home with us, will also be assisted in this manner, is this correct?

**A:** To an extent.

**Q:** (DM) We will have to use a lot of discernment as to who... each person will have to be checked...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I think as people encounter this, they will either stay or go...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask a question about two of our former participants who fell by the wayside... I have a very strong feeling that V\*\*\* may not come back...

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I also do not feel that there is any possibility of S\*\*\* {"Candy" in "Amazing Grace"} being salvaged from the Lizzie control, is this correct?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Earlier we were reading from Ouspensky's "Tertium Organum" about perceptions, was this a fairly accurate description of the state of our perceptions and the state of 2nd density perceptions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now making a jump with that, as to 4th density perception, is the 4th density perception...

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) The other night when I was meditating, I felt a gentle presence in a sort of light movement of air around my face and a sensation of mental floating, was this you?

**A:** Open. Your mind was given to you for a reason.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I am not going to ask about things I can figure out myself, but I am going to ask about something I don't know: as you know, Frank's dad passed away about two weeks ago. From that day to this, everything has seemed to be different in terms of dynamics and energy, and this is not just with Frank and his family, but also with myself. I am curious as to why I feel so different. I cannot put a word to how different I feel... it is definitely a feeling, an emotional sense, why is this?

**A:** Let us just refer to this as a steppingstone or "milestone," if you prefer.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it is a milestone, but why should this... I wish I could convey to you all how strange I have been feeling... (DM) Can you specify strange? (F) See, I don't even know... (L) Is Frank's dad earthbound?

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** (L) Is he trying to communicate through me?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Why, on the day and at the time that Frank's dad decided to make his transition, was I overwhelmed with the need to go to sleep? {Frank's dad committed suicide.}

**A:** Connection.

**Q:** (L) Connection to what? (DM) You mean he was connecting with Laura?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (SV) She was connecting to him?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (DM) Were they mentally entangled. (L) No, you are drifting. (F) Let Laura ask the question. (L) Did he basically come to me at another level...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) He came to me at another level, why me and not Frank?

**A:** He always trusts others to be more qualified.

**Q:** (L) So, he was trusting me to be more qualified than Frank, to advise him in his new estate, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (F) Well, that certainly fits his personality. (L) What does he want from me now?

**A:** Nothing specific, but open channel and see.

**Q:** (L) Can we address Frank's dad directly through the board?

**A:** Laura can meditate on an individual basis, this is the chosen mode.

**Q:** (F) That is probably why you are feeling so weird is that you haven't opened to channel on your own. (L) Yeah, and it's driving me nuts. (DM) It's interfering with your thinking processes. (L) Does Frank's dad need me to help him to release into the light?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, it has definitely been a problem, but I'll deal with it. (DM) I am wondering if your questions are carrying to the microphone. (L) Okay, anything further on this matter that you can give me to ease the situation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) One of the things that has been being brought to my mind continuously and repeatedly since that time has been the memory of the lifetime that Frank and I explored before, where we were brother and sister in Bavaria, and I am wondering if there was some connection with Frank's dad in that time, and is that why it is being continuously shoved in my face?

**A:** Why not check it out? You are good at that, when you want to be.

**Q:** (L) Obviously you want me to check it out through my own head, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, since we don't really have any further questions we will stop for the night.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

