## September 12, 1995
Frank and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hi!

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Decorra.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from, Decorra?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) OK, now, it's been a while since we've done this on the board, and I have several questions that are pretty important that I want to ask. Are you open for questions this evening?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) First of all, do Frank or I at the present time have any attachments of a negative nature?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do we have any attachments at all?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean they come and go, or they can come and go?

**A:** Yes to question 2.

**Q:** (L) OK, yes to question 2. OK, now, there are several new people who have contacted me and want me to do various things for them. In many respects it looks like a very positive involvement, but there have been some very strange things that have happened, and I have been handling them the best way I know how. Can we ask some questions about this situation and how I've handled it so far?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The first thing is, Roxanne C\_\_. Roxanne has basically got some really good ideas, but I think she's got something blocking her from perceiving what is truly going on. She wants so badly to believe in the fairy tales that she ends up mixing things together in an emotional attempt to deal with it all. This is fine, as far as I am concerned, but anybody who can't look at their own "stuff" is extremely hard for me to deal with. What is the story here?

**A:** All involved are portals, beware!!

**Q:** (L) Do you mean beware as in maybe I should just walk away from this group?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) OK, my instincts...

**A:** Remember where was initial link?

**Q:** (L) Initial link? At MUFON?

**A:** Who?

**Q:** (L) Martie T\_\_'s?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK..

**A:** Aura field is uniform.

**Q:** (L) Whose aura field is uniform?

**A:** All in question, do you not see similarities in your personality profiles reading? Examine, review and reflect!

**Q:** (L) Come on Frank, ask some questions here. Help me out! Personality profile? Well, that's of the different people involved...

**A:** Similarities?

**Q:** (L) Do you mean similarities between the people involved in that group?

**A:** Aural field reads as identical.

**Q:** (L) And are their personality profiles and aura readings different from, say, mine and Frank's?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) What do you think, Frank? (F) I don't know what they are talking about. (L) Well, they're talking about profiles, aural profiles, I guess that's a way of reading a person. (F) Yes, but I... (L) Well, does that mean that Frank and I are so different that there's nobody that we can interact with?

**A:** Did we say that?

**Q:** (L) Of course not. OK, so in other words this is a mine-field and we really have to tread carefully through it, is that it?

**A:** You have been warned, how you proceed from here is up to you.

**Q:** (L) Does this guy Barry, who keeps wanting me to commit to some kind of deal with him, and who keeps saying he is going to do this and that, is he?

**A:** The answer to that is easily discernible.

**Q:** (L) The answer to that is easily discernible? Well, it's hard for us to... I mean, he could be just a Howard Hughes kind of guy! Easily discernible.....In other words, what you see on the surface... would that be what they would mean? Easily discernible....

**A:** Ask him directly!

**Q:** (F) You may if you desire... I don't want to! (L) What is Martie after in this whole interaction?

**A:** $$$$$$$$$

**Q:** (F): Well, why don't they just say 'Money'? (L) They like to be creative.

**A:** Mirth.

**Q:** (L) Gotta have mirth, Frank! What does Barry want out of this whole interaction?

**A:** To be liked and needed.

**Q:** (L) What does Roxanne want out of this whole interaction? [Laughter from Frank, response not verbalized]

**A:** The same as Martie T\_\_\_.

**Q:** (L) What does Frank want out of this whole interaction, including the newsletter?

**A:** Ask him, he is here.

**Q:** (F) What do I want? I haven't a clue! (L) What do I want out of all this interaction?... read my deepest, darkest recesses!

**A:** You see the newsletter as a mode of transport to fulfillment of your goals.

**Q:** (L) And what are my goals?

**A:** To be the leader of your cause.

**Q:** (F) Is that true? (L) Maybe. Remembering, of course, that my primary drive is to get the Cassiopaean material out there and 'save the world,' so to speak. (F) Ask them if it will work. (L) Will it work?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) So Martie wants money, Barry wants to be liked and loved and needed. (F) That makes sense. (L) And, is it true that I can utilize the wants and needs of these people to create a vehicle for the cause of dispensing knowledge?

**A:** But will the "vehicle" ever break down, or "get stuck in the mud". [Laura's note: As events turned out, the whole situation turned very ugly with various persons attacking others and I opted to step out of it and decline the editorship of the newsletter, the lectures I was asked to give, and a whole bunch of other stuff.]

**Q:** (L) Should I just get in touch with this publisher that Roxanne knows and just deal with putting the material out in book form?

**A:** Would not that be: 1) more direct 2) less cumbersome, and 3) less fraught with potential danger?

**Q:** (L) OK, so getting the material out in book form is...

**A:** We answered thusly because you thought for yourself.

**Q:** (L) Is giving the lectures, as I've planned to give this lecture about my personal experience, this is not so much about the material, a good way to promote the Cassiopaean material and a good way to get out and do things?

**A:** Lecture?

**Q:** (L) Well, you know, the talk I'm going to give on Saturday night at the Earth Angels Bookstore, where I'm going to talk to these people about whatever is... basically about our experiences, about synchronicity and the coming of the...

**A:** Well intentioned crowd, but open to deceptive attack.

**Q:** (L) Should I cancel this lecture?

**A:** Up to you. [Laura's note: I did cancel the lecture after I saw the way the people involved were interacting.]

**Q:** (L) Approximately how many people would show up if I don't cancel?

**A:** 15.

**Q:** (L) Fifteen people. Well, it's not worth being attacked for, is it? (F) I don't know if I would cancel at this point, I'd say up to you, but, my gut instinct is that it's not going to do anything. (L) Don't waste my time? (F) Well, isn't she [Martie] getting these people to pay her money? (L) Uhuh. (F) Well, then that's what the sum total probably of what you'll get out of it. (L) Yeah, and I only get a third of it, and she's letting some people in free. (L) Has Frank assessed this person Barry in a correct way?

**A:** See what happens when we plant the seed, then encourage you to "Till the soil?"

**Q:** (L) So Barry is basically living on his credit, is that it?

**A:** Open

**Q:** (L) Well, it's not right for Roxanne to be constantly asking him for money. He is probably giving to her on his credit! How much in debt is he right now?

**A:** Not your concern. Look, listen, learn.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think.. I don't want to waste my time with these people then. They are all just playing games with each other. (F) I agree. It's a shame, but it's another deception, which is a form of attack. Leads you down the primrose path to get you all tangled up, to slow down the progress. And apparently it was an excellent idea when you said just contact the publisher and go down that pathway. (L) OK, now, let's ask real quick, this David Hudson tape, about what he calls the Philosopher's Stone. What is this substance that David Hudson has discovered? We watched the video about it; I'm sure you guys watched it with us, so, what is this stuff?

**A:** Watch developments there only from a distance.

**Q:** (L) Is taking this substance [monoatomic gold] as he is talking about, is it dangerous, as I kind of think it is?

**A:** Possibly.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, I should not get involved in that, either?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I know it's up to me, but you said to watch it from a distance, so I'm assuming that is a clue...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, my feeling is that there is some negative energy behind that, even though he is trying to be a positive person and do positive things, and that...

**A:** This is often true!

**Q:** (L) I think that taking something like that to transform your consciousness without doing the work or having it occur naturally is black magic. That's what I think. (F) It's too easy... (L) I think trying to initiate yourself ... (F) I read over the years bits and pieces from various different sources that all the things he described in there are possible for those who are willing to sacrifice, to us would appear to be an extreme extent ethereal and spiritual level, such as some of those in India, and all that... (L) I don't think you even have to sacrifice so much as have the desire and the natural destiny and ..... (F) Well, did Jesus take this gold powder? (L) Did Jesus take this powder?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did Adolph Hitler take this kind of powder, or something similar?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (F): That paints a rather bleak picture, doesn't it? (L) Could this powder be utilized to transform a person to a very positive entity doing great good? I just don't think it's right.

**A:** Or could it be utilized to transform an entire race of beings into hypnotic submission !!!!!!!!!!!

**Q:** (F): Wow! (L) Put it in the water. (F) Or even just advertise it as the "Manna from Heaven" and get the biggest corporations in the world to ... I mean, you know that if this guy were not meant to spread this stuff all around, by now he'd be running into roadblocks, you wouldn't be allowed to get tapes like that. That was one thing I was suspicious of, like why he hasn't even been stopped, if it's really as wonderful as... I mean it just doesn't fit. Anything that's really, really good, and it's going to go against the... remember who runs this world, and has for 309 thousand years, are they just going to sit back and say "Oh, yeah, we'll just let this gold powder get spread round everywhere, and get totally defeated," just like that? I don't think so! (L) Oh, that's a scary thought! Boy, I'm sure glad you guys are out there!

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Holy Frijoles! Well, I guess, unless you have .... Do you have something you would like to tell us or communicate to us at the present time?

**A:** Reflect upon messages received and goodbye.

{Discussion follows] (L) Thank you very much.

(F) Once you progress to the level of enlightenment, and you are no longer in these bodies, you don't need orgasm, do you?

(L) I guess not.

(F): And if it's not an orgasm, then why call it an orgasm. I mean, he's saying, "Oh, it's not the same thing, it's wonderful, it feels the same...it's more pure," and all that...

(L) Right.

(F): BS! I don't buy that. I don't buy it.

(L) I don't buy into the Keys of Enoch stuff either because he starts off right away with talking about the guilt thing...

(F) Naughty, naughty...

(L) and the bad guys have to be transformed. I mean, they just can't deal with the fact that that's the way it is, and it's got to be that way, all the way up, all the way through, all the way around, forever. Dark, Light.

(F) Right.

(L) That's it.

(F) Now, JD doesn't seem to have a problem about that. Nobody had a problem understanding that, but somehow they all thought this was of the light, but I just don't buy the idea that all you have to do is drink this powder, or eat this powder, and you are going to become light beings, and you're going to bi-locate, and all these wonderful things, and just walk on water, and all that. It just doesn't add up. You know , that's, once again, it's a short-cut. And there are no short cuts. End of Session

END OF SESSION

