## December 12, 1995
Frank, Laura, Susan V

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Tira.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I am sorry but I have some personal questions tonight before we get started with other things. I would like to know what is the reason for this terrible depression I have been experiencing for so long now. I am sick of it.

**A:** It is a crushing attack.

**Q:** (L) Where is it coming from?

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) What can I do to break it before it breaks me?

**A:** Counteract.

**Q:** (L) By what? How do you counteract the things that are just beyond one's ability to deal with?

**A:** How is the attack represented in 3rd density for you?

**Q:** (L) How? Because it seems that my husband does not love me. I do not feel safe or in any way able to function as a wife and mother with this feeling, and I know that it must be a misperception on my part, but I cannot help but feel this way. How can I get over this feeling that he is constantly trying to break me into pieces [psychologically]? Not only do I have to bear the constant burden of the children with no support, the house, managing everything, but I also am continuously sniped at by him. None of my feelings are ever considered. I feel like I am being shoved over and buried by a bulldozer. Is that what you want to know?

**A:** You are diverting by secession.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** What is the definition of "to secede?"

**Q:** (L) To leave a union. To step out. To break a union.

**A:** Attack is not countered by following objectives of attack.

**Q:** (L) What are the objectives of this attack aside from crushing me?

**A:** Secession at an inappropriate juncture to throw plans askew.

**Q:** (L) What plans would be thrown askew by secession at this point?

**A:** Voice.

**Q:** (L) What?

**A:** And all other.

**Q:** (L) Well, I just feel that I would plunge into a pit if I had to secede, as you put it.

**A:** Suggest ignoring "snipes" and other unpleasantness, as it is not of your being, thus should not be taken "to heart," and when taken thusly, causes emotional disturbances which manifests as depression and related maladies. These ailments tend to grow in scope and intensity, thereby causing severe damage to plans and activities aimed at executing ones "mission."

**Q:** (L) That's all fine and good. But, just exactly what is the mission?

**A:** You are awakening to it just fine, thank you!

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that all this constant discussing and taking things apart and talking about them and thinking about all these things is actually getting us somewhere?

**A:** Absolutely!!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, let's get on with the questions. Is the magazine or some other mode of getting information out part of this "mission?"

**A:** When you have learned, you have energized yourself.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean in relation to the question?

**A:** Lead by the hand? No way, Jose`!

**Q:** (L) Frank and I discussed a name for the magazine last night and we came up with - and who knows how - Aurora to symbolize the dawn, waking up... that sort of thing. Where in the world did this come from?

**A:** Refer to the previous 2 answers.

**Q:** (L) Any comments?

**A:** No need, you are doing just fine by yourselves.

**Q:** (L) (S) What did you expect them to say? "Atta girl!?" (laughter) Will the magazine support itself?

**A:** We are not going to answer that as it would violate level one directive.

**Q:** (L) What is a "level one directive?"

**A:** Refer to last answer.

**Q:** (L) Well, fine! I want to know! Is there some place that gives out orders?

**A:** You will know when it is right, and not before!

**Q:** (L) I want you guys to know that I sometimes feel a wee tiny bit like a pawn on a chessboard!

**A:** You should, you inhabit 3rd density STS environment.

**Q:** (L) I was at least hoping that if I was a pawn, that some of the players were good guys. Is that asking too much?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) To which statement?

**A:** Good guys don't play chess.

**Q:** (L) But there have been so many strange events, so many synchronous events. Is that the good guys helping or the bad guys leading me astray?

**A:** Neither. It is Nature running its course.

**Q:** (L) Okay. One of the sensations I have experienced is that I have had it up to the eyebrows with the negative energies and experiences of 3rd density, and I have thought lately that this feeling of having had enough, in an absolute sense, is one of the primary motivators for wanting to find one's way out of this trap we are in. I want out of it. Is this part of this "nature" as you call it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When a group of people...

**A:** When you see the futility of the limitations of 3rd density life, it means you are ready to graduate. Notice those who wallow in it.

**Q:** (L) Some people obviously wallow in extreme materiality. And there seems to be another kind that is more subtle, which has to do with saying that you want to grow and become enlightened, and yet such a person is unable to pierce the veil of their own illusions about how to become enlightened, and this illusion is the wallowing...

**A:** Wallowing takes many forms.

**Q:** (L) Among the things I have noticed is the type of person who says: "This is my LAST life! Swami So-and-so told me!" And they are wallowing in the enjoyment of the adulation they receive from their followers who believe that sort of thing can be known.

**A:** Sometimes, but avoid stereotyping, because sometimes they are correct!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I am not trying to stereotype.

**A:** More often, the sign is someone who does not feel alienated by the obvious traps and limitations of 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Well, that says a lot. One of the questions on the list is: In many of the Sumerian drawings and literature, the gods, the Annunaki, are described as eating a plant that grew at the bottom of the ocean, and this plant was the source of eternal life.

**A:** Nonsense! The source of eternal life is existence!

**Q:** (L) Well, the point was that there was some sort of food that these beings ate that was unusual or different that somehow enhanced their abilities to an extreme degree...

**A:** Totally false and you should know it!! All so-called "special powers" come from non-physical sources!!!

**Q:** (L) Carlos Castaneda talks about the "Eagle's emanations," the Eagle being, I suppose, Prime Creator that emanates down through all the densities, and that the Nagual who can "see," sees the Eagle as a large black and white object. Are they seeing the source, or are they seeing something on just another density?

**A:** Source? There is no such thing.

**Q:** (L) You mean there is no Prime Creator, no origin or source of our existence?

**A:** You are Prime Creator.

**Q:** (L) But that is so esoteric... I am talking about...

**A:** The point is: stop filling your consciousness with monotheistic philosophies planted long ago to imprison your being. Can't you see it by now, after all you have learned, that there is no source, there is no leader, there is no basis, there is no overseer, etc... You literally possess, within your consciousness profile, all the power that exists within all of creation!?! You absolutely have all that exists, ever has, or ever will, contained within your mind. All you have to do is learn how to use it, and at that moment, you will literally, literally, be all that is, was, and ever will be!!!!!!!!

**Q:** (L) That is all fine and dandy and sounds wonderful, except for one little item. You also say that the monotheistic concepts were IMPOSED on us to prevent us from knowing this. So, if we are all that is, how can something exist that can impose something so unpleasant on us?

**A:** Choices follow desire based imbalances.

**Q:** (L) If that is the case, why can't any one just turn off the lights, end the illusion, and everything becomes nothing?

**A:** Well, first of all, everything does not become nothing. Secondly, some have already become everything.

**Q:** (L) Terrific! And I understand that we are digging our way out of this particular illusion. And that is rather profound a thing to say to someone still stuck in the mire. I really want to find out, but it is hard. I have to think about that for a while. So, let me ask some questions for my daughter. A\_\_ wants to know what the core of Jupiter consists of?

**A:** Basal. In 3rd density it is known as irridium.

**Q:** (L) What is the diameter of the solid core?

**A:** 3 microns.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that Jupiter is gassy and slushy all the way through?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So Sitchin and others may not be correct in saying that Jupiter has an earth sized solid core?

**A:** If that is what they are saying , but remember, Jupiter, Saturn and others resonate to vibrational levels greater than Earth. You are looking directly at density 4 when you view Jupiter, which is why photos of it from up close appear "surreal," more like drawings.

**Q:** (L) Do beings inhabit Jupiter?

**A:** 5th density and up.

**Q:** (L) Are there any organic beings on Jupiter?

**A:** Organic is 3rd density concept.

**Q:** (L) So the probe will not detect any life?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this probe that is going to plunge into Jupiter disturb anything there in any way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the internal 3rd density temperature of Jupiter?

**A:** 7000 degrees K.

**Q:** (L) What is the primary chemical composition?

**A:** Ammonia, hydrogen and nitrous oxide.

**Q:** (L) There is a rumor going around that a large object coming our way, that is a gigantic, intelligently controlled space craft, loaded with Lizzies. Could you comment on this please?

**A:** Comet cluster. Sitchin believes it is a "planet."

**Q:** (L) In terms of this comet cluster, how many bodies are in this cluster as a discrete unit?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) What is the ETA?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Why is it open? Why can't we look at it and determine the factors, the direction, trajectory, velocity...

**A:** If you could, you would be interrupted in your learning cycle.

**Q:** (L) What exactly does THAT mean? (F) Because you would never do anything else because all you would think about is the day the comet is coming! (L) Well, speaking of that, I have had 3 death dreams and Frank has had one. I would like to inquire about them.

**A:** No comment. And Good Night.

END OF SESSION

