## December 31, 1995
Frank, Laura, Susan V

The majority of this tape was indecipherable due to a constant static that drowned out most of the words. This is the best reconstruction possible.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Vira.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have a number of questions we want to cover tonight. The first thing is, in the early stages of this channeling process we talked about what it was we were supposed to be doing. We were told that the first thing we needed to do was "establish a clear channel." Obviously, it has taken about a year to do that. I have wondered, after numerous incidents, if it might not be better for us to stop having guests at the sessions, and to simply work in a private way and then pass the information out to others. Would this help to maintain the clarity of the channel?

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** (L) Which part is correct?

**A:** Suitable "third party" on board is helpful.

**Q:** (L) Well, aside from someone to take the notes, who would be the "suitable" third party on the board? Since Terry and Jan have decided to start another channel with Andrew and Jan, and have even talked about moving to Tallahassee and starting a group there...?

**A:** Up to you to discover.

**Q:** (L) The next thing that was identified that we must do was to establish a "forum." What is this forum supposed to be in?

**A:** These are all questions to which you must discover the answers by learning, therefore, no further discussion is now beneficial.

**Q:** (L) Now the next thing was that a direction would open and that there was something amazing and wonderful just around the corner that I would recognize instantly and which would help me to know what to do. Has this already occurred and did I miss something?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) In one session, I asked what was the internal motivation inside me and you responded "to be a leader of your cause." Well, my motivation then and now, as I understand it, is to find truth and share it with those who ask for it, and to do this in a rather quiet and private way.

**A:** Leaders come in a variety of "packages."

**Q:** (L) I was recently invited to give a talk to the ISCNI, that is, the Institute for the Study of Contact with Non- human Intelligence. I am rather curious as to the reaction of the head of this organization, Mike Lindemann? Was he shocked by some of the things I said?

**A:** Intrigued would be more accurately descriptive, but nonetheless, Lindemann and the others would best serve the "cause" if they loosen any rigidities that they may have found themselves "grooving into," as this is an area that definitely does not lend itself to manifestations of rigidity in any way, shape, or form, whatsoever!!!

**Q:** (L) I think they are getting a little rigid because they are under pressure from the scientific community and they feel they have to prove something. But, observable elements of the phenomenon of aliens have gone so far that trying to prove anything scientifically becomes moot. We don't have time for double-blind experiments. We don't have time to wait for FDA approval! Based upon the energies surrounding the subject, is Lindemann going to respond?

**A:** Make him do so. Persist and express the same thoughts you did here! Help him and others to see that they are dealing with a phenomenon that is better studied in a way that stresses an open learning forum, not a "scientific" study methodology. In all its forms, not just the "physical" agenda that is primarily sought by some and in fact, it is through the ethereal plane and methodologies that the clues and some of the answers lie for physical as well as ethereal factors. Tell Michael this verbatim: "You once had a more open mind, Michael, what happened?" Some of his most frustrating recent events in his life relate directly to this!! Trust your insights, they are assisted learning matrix.

Good Night.

