## May 20, 1995
Frank, Laura, Jan and Terry, SV

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Two messages.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Rituals restrict channel!

**Q:** (L) We weren't doing a ritual, we were just surrounding ourselves with light. Is there something wrong with surrounding ourselves with light and creating light energy?

**A:** Rituals are rituals.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Sonow.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what are the messages?

**A:** That was one, the other is be careful with exposure to to those who are still blossoming!

**Q:** (L) And who are they? (J) The kids were in here. (L) Do you have any other messages for us this evening?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) You are open. Okay. {My daughter} did a {remote} viewing the other night of us doing this work. In this viewing she saw us around the table, and she saw a pyramid in the center of the table. What did the pyramid represent?

**A:** Energy focuser.

**Q:** (L) She also saw another person standing in a corner. Could you tell us who that person was?

**A:** Just viewer, you attract a lot of those in 3rd density and 5th density as well!

**Q:** (L) She also saw a lamp hanging over the table. What does the lamp represent?

**A:** Not lamp, was light, represents light channel to level 6.

**Q:** (L) She also saw a green glow surrounding us and green slime oozing out of the pyramid all over our hands. What did this represent?

**A:** Was interference in reading coming from level 4 STS.

**Q:** (T) Was this what she saw in reference to last week's work?

**A:** General.

**Q:** (L) Was what she was seeing interference in our work or interference in her viewing?

**A:** The latter.

**Q:** (L) So, STS was interfering in her viewing to cast a different light on it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, last week we received information that said if we moved to North Carolina, that you would not be there. We felt very strange about this because we felt that our connection with you was something that extended throughout space and time. We had a very negative reaction to that. We would like to have comments on that subject.

**A:** Not point, you were brought together as a result of many confluences of energy transfers for a purpose! You are always free to pursue any path you choose, however, if you concentrate on 3rd level matters such as your physical location, you risk creating rifts within your group! This is because such thoughts and potential actions will strengthen 3rd level STS feelings within each member, thus risking breakup of channel. Now, please realize, you have a unique combination of forces working through all of you that brought you all to this point. This is fragile, and any major changes in the chemistry will inevitably change "the whole picture."

**Q:** (L) By "major changes," do you mean members of the group leaving?

**A:** We are not finished with the message. If you were to move your physical locator, it would not be possible to satisfy each member equally therefore, rifts would develop. Now, consider this, you have all chosen to be in this location. Some chose this when on level 5 even! So, perceived dissatisfactions with locator are transitory, and like so much else, merely the result and symptomatic of the changes occurring within, as well as 4th level STS attack! Many other groups have been successfully misled by perceived need to relocate, with predictable results! Suggest you avoid joining them!

**Q:** (F) Based on what has been said before, part of the way we were all brought together was by being physically in proximity to one another. (J) Right! (F) And if we disrupt that... (SV) And we chose it, some of us, from 5th level, so it is sort of preordained that we do this. (F) Right! And there are so many factors delicately placed in this situation, that any movement... (L) It would actually be... if we tried to go and move as a group, someplace else, some of us would be dissatisfied with the idea of moving, and therefore that would actually create personal problems between us which would drive the group apart. (F) On a small scale, it is similar to when a husband and wife decide to move... "I'll go because I love you and you want to go..." and then they are miserable. (SV) The Cayce readings say that many aspects of our lives are decided beforehand on 5th level. So, we must have all gotten together there and decided we were going to all come to New Port Richey and do this! (L) New Port Richey! (J) The reality of our situation is that we want to get out of our tiny little house and into another... (L) Well, the way this was put, it sounds like you can't even move out of your house! (J) Oh, no! They have already told us that we can do that! (T) No, they just indicated that we shouldn't move from this general location. That is the way I understand it. (L) Last week it was pretty short... (J) But, on the other hand, maybe they have worked pretty hard getting this project cranked up with all of us being as hard-headed as we are, (laughter)... (T) Look how long it took us to get up here! (J) It is not like this is new... Terry and I have been talking about moving for years... we may do it someday. (SV) I like it here. (T) We don't know what is going to transpire. (F) If everybody decided together to go to North Carolina... (L) And we were all happy with the decision... (F) But right now I don't feel like going there... (L) And LM doesn't... (F) Something else interesting about dissatisfaction being transitory and part of inner changes and attack... I am not dissatisfied with where I am physically, but with who I am and what I am and everything else in my life, which would be precisely the same if I were in North Carolina... (L) It wouldn't matter, your physical location wouldn't matter... (F) Right, so... (J) Our situation is that we have to get out of that house. (F) Well, let's ask... (L) I think we should ask if we were all equally agreed to go to another location, would the channel work someplace else?

**A:** Yes, but that is unlikely.

**Q:** (J) We know that. (L) This leads to the assumption and the realization, which I have long held, and have picked at, and maybe it is time for you guys to take the gloves off, what is it that is going on here? Obviously things have been brought to a certain point for a reason. You have hinted at things, alluded to things, you have...

**A:** You will discover this as the process continues to unfold, if you were to be given a "preview" you would become "unglued."

**Q:** (L) I don't want to know! (T) Give me a preview! (L) We don't want a preview! (J) We have been having some pretty weird dreams here...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is this group complete?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Are there others yet to come?

**A:** Very distinct possibility.

**Q:** (T) That may be part of why we can't move, if there are others around here that are supposed to come. (J) I think as far as the group moving... (T) There are others that are supposed to come, they are not here yet... (J) It would have to be... in order for the group to be able to move as a group, Susan and Frank and LM would have to change their minds about wanting to move... (T) No, no, no... (J) Yes... (T) If we were to move the thing... there are others who are supposed to be in this group and they are not here yet, so it is not the right timing... if we were all in agreement to move... we don't have the whole group and there would be no way for the rest of the group to get to us... (L) The statement was made that we all chose to be here, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And we have chosen to work together for a distinct purpose, is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And we have all, whether together or individually, we all have a very distinct purpose and pathway to follow in this life that was pre-chosen and pre-set, is that correct?

**A:** That is true for all on level three.

**Q:** (L) And there is no one in this room who is here by mistake, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And there is no one in this room who doesn't need to get about finding out what their purpose is by doing each day what is in front of them, is that correct?

**A:** Close. But, beware of attack and desires to "push" things in any given direction, which is a manifestation of attack! Just let things fall into place naturally!

**Q:** (L) Okay. (J) Can you give any input as to Terry's and my situation, regarding our house being too small, and needing to find something else?

**A:** There is no reason you cannot move from your current residence.

**Q:** (L) Okay, a strange thing happened the other day. Our neighbor, who has always been kind of aloof from us, came over and offered LM help in getting a job. Why?

**A:** We will occasionally throw "perks" in your direction, just to help you out, when you have had periods of equally balanced misfortune!

**Q:** (L) Well, is he going to get the job?

**A:** Up to LM, these are perks, not guarantees. In other words, we do not lead by the hand.

**Q:** (L) Well, if you can get him into a job, I thank you.

**A:** You are welcome.

**Q:** (L) Now, about the conference. (T) Is it all on the up and up?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) As far as the speakers go?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Was Mr. O'Leary playing with a full deck?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) How about our putting our brochure out there? (T) Yes, was it a good idea the way we did it?

**A:** Might be wise to be controlled in distribution methods, rather than scattering "to the four winds."

**Q:** (L) But you said to rattle the bushes. (J) Should I not give G\_\_\_\_ more copies of the brochure?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that what we did was a good idea because it was for a specific audience rather than random distribution?

**A:** You have been less than careful to this point.

**Q:** (L) Well when we asked you beforehand, you wouldn't tell us anything. Why are you saying this post-event? Post facto!

**A:** Discover. By the way, rattling the bushes can be accomplished with a broom, not only a howitzer.

**Q:** (L) Well, we thought we were being very restrained in what we put out...

**A:** Recently, you have settled down some, yes.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean "recently" we have settled down some? Is that me, specifically?

**A:** Earlier, you were less careful than now.

**Q:** (T) That was before you started telling us about the people that are waiting to eat us alive! (L) That is before we had all our attacks. We have been discussing the idea of putting this information out on the computer net.

**A:** Okay, but suggest no bylines, or "handles."

**Q:** (T) In other words, don't put our names out there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Well, we were talking about not putting the bio on the net, just the channel info and address for more info.

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (J) I think we could do a condensed bio with no names... (L) Well, why don't we put there naked? For all they know, the Cassiopaeans downloaded it themselves. (T) They will be able to ID us. (L) Well, previously, you were very interested in us getting on the computer net. AOL was not worth the money....

**A:** Your opinion and you were characteristically impatient.

**Q:** (L) Well, I wasn't so impatient as broke. I was paying long distance charges and the net cost me over $150. dollars that month.

**A:** You were not aware of tremendous progress made, due to "tunnel vision" and preconceived notions of what defines progress.

**Q:** (T) Were you using the message boards? (L) No, I didn't know how and I couldn't afford to hack through the system and figure it out. (T) Well, if I had known, I would have showed you how. (L) See, it wasn't my fault, it was Terry's. He didn't show me how to use the thing! I was paying by the hour, not just impatient.

**A:** We did not place individual blame.

**Q:** (J) We need to plan a little bit more. (L) We want to know if there are really underground tunnels all over the place that many people have reported being taken to in alien abductions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Have they been there a long time?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (T) Do they predate humanity?

**A:** A few.

**Q:** (T) Are they equivalent of subway tunnels, to get from one place to another?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (T) Is there a set of trains or whatever to move from place to place?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is there any kind of high tech gear in place in these tunnels to move from place to place?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) How do they travel through these tunnels?

**A:** Electromagnetically.

**Q:** (T) Can individuals be transported through the tunnels without benefit of equipment? Or do they use some kind of gadgetry?

**A:** All of the above.

**Q:** (L) Who occupies these tunnels?

**A:** Various.

**Q:** (T) Are there still beings in there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are humans involved in this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Were there humans involved in digging some of these tunnels?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) Before that, there were other beings that were not human?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are those other beings still down there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is this a worldwide network of tunnels?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Where are most of the tunnels?

**A:** North America, since that is the "capitol" of STS, currently.

**Q:** (T) Are there other tunnel systems other than in North America?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Does it depend on where the STS alignment is as to whether they are operational?

**A:** Not point, just single factor.

**Q:** (T) Do any of the tunnels lead to Antarctica?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is there any way of getting to Antarctica through the tunnel systems even if you have to come to the surface occasionally?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Are humans ever taken into these tunnels or places underground... (T) Against their will?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (T) Is there some kind of underground base in Antarctica?

**A:** Yes. Eight.

**Q:** (T) Are they related to the tunnels in time?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (T) Were any of those bases underground in Antarctica built by the Germans during World War II?

**A:** Sect.

**Q:** (T) Nazis?

**A:** Remember, all is structured in cycles and circles.

**Q:** (L) In other words, these tunnels were built by and belong to the Consortium, is that correct?

**A:** Circles within circles.

**Q:** (L) Masons?

**A:** One example of concept.

**Q:** (T) Jan and I have a friend who has told us about someone she knew who found entrances to tunnel systems in North America. One of the entrances was in the Adirondacks, another was in the Mammoth cave system. Was what she was told true?

**A:** Yes, but there are thousands of entrances. Are you ready for a "shocker?"

**Q:** (J) Oh, you know we are always ready for a shocker. (L) Sure! (T) Okay, give us the shocker. (J) We're ready!

**A:** There is a tunnel right beneath your feet!

**Q:** (J) I knew they were going to say that. (T) Of course! Is that where the digging is going to go from the basement?

**A:** Up to you!

**Q:** (L) How deep under our feet?

**A:** 2000 feet.

**Q:** (T) Is anything moving in that tunnel?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (T) Is that tunnel being used?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Right at this second?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Who uses it more than anybody else?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Are there humans down there?

**A:** Have been, listen for sound anomalies such as loud sonic boom like noises and vague motorized sounds.

**Q:** (L) Is there any kind of electronic gadgetry down there causing my appliances to keep breaking down?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What is wrong with my air conditioner?

**A:** Fuse.

**Q:** (SV) Does this tunnel hook up with the doorway in the old stone house on Grand Boulevard that nobody has been able to open or cut through?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Is there an entrance to this tunnel underneath us somewhere in this area?

**A:** Near power plant.

**Q:** (T) Crystal River? (L) No, Anclote. (T) Is that why the power plant is built there?

**A:** Related; old Nike base.

**Q:** (T) What direction does this tunnel run that is underneath us?

**A:** East - West.

**Q:** (T) Out under the Gulf of Mexico?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Where does the West end?

**A:** Just described.

**Q:** (L) The power plant. (T) Okay, where does the East end go?

**A:** Near Lakeland.

**Q:** (T) What is in Lakeland that would have a tunnel entrance in it? Why Lakeland?

**A:** Not issue.

**Q:** (L) What is on the surface may have no relationship to the tunnel.

**A:** Transfer point and redirector.

**Q:** (T) Is there another tunnel that comes into this tunnel, that intersects this tunnel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Near Lakeland?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is that what you are talking about; a transfer point?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Does that tunnel travel North/South?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Does that run up the East coast?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Lakeland is in the center of the state. (T) Where does it go? Are these side tunnels to a main tunnel that runs along the East coast?

**A:** All are interconnected.

**Q:** (T) So, it is like a subway or bus line? Is there a tunnel farther South of here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) How far does the farthest South tunnel go?

**A:** Antarctica.

**Q:** (J) Is there a tunnel near our house, in St. Petersburg?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is there a tunnel to MacDill?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I think that, in general, importance we would ascribe to surface structures may not be a consideration here. (T) I was thinking about the military base. (L) I would think that the tunnels bear no relationship to the structures under the surface except in certain instances. (J) But, what got there first, the tunnels or the structures on the surface? (L) Obviously the tunnels have been there for a long time, and perhaps, in certain instances a situation may be manipulated so that a specific structure is built to facilitate the tunnel usage, but the fact that Lakeland is built over it may not be relevant. (T) There is no entrance to the tunnel system near Lakeland?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) And there are no tunnels down in Pinellas?

**A:** Phosphate plant.

**Q:** (T) There's a tunnel entrance in the phosphate plant? (L) I've got one more question about the tunnels.

**A:** Mine.

**Q:** (T) There is a tunnel entrance in one of the phosphate mines?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Was the placement of this tunnel under our feet the reason Laura got this house?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Does the placement of the tunnel underneath us have something to do with the channel?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Because of the greater EM underneath us; we are tapping into that EM energy?

**A:** Helps in offhand way.

END OF SESSION

