## March 11, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan, SV

This was the session held on the evening of the day we gave a demo at the local MUFON meeting. At that meeting, one of the attendees placed a gauss meter on the table beside the board and every time the Cs responded to a question, it buried the needle. (Gauss meter: an instrument for measuring the intensity magnetic fields.)

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Real UFOs SV.

**Q:** (T) The word is coming off the board because the surface is too slick to hold the ink. {We were using a new board and had added several words and punctuation marks to it.}

**A:** Density.

**Q:** (T) Is this satisfactory even though we are losing the word "density?"

**A:** Losing density is a common experience.

**Q:** (J) Are we talking about dieting?

**A:** Several interpretations.

**Q:** (T) I love mirth!

**A:** Mirth is good.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Sorra.

**Q:** (T) Hi, Sorra! (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Hi, Terry! Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (T) We have provided a new board. Works great.

**A:** Please make a habit of this!

**Q:** (T) We all like the new board, yes indeed!

**A:** Smooth, have called others to observe in amazement!

**Q:** {Laughter.}

**A:** Next demonstration please use this or a similar board.

**Q:** (L) We are sorry that we had to use the old board for the demonstration. (T) We were all winging it! Did we do okay today?

**A:** Okay today, we are actually having fun with this board. Love it!!!!!!!

**Q:** {Laughter.}

**A:** Yeah! This is Deanorrilloa, I am impressed too! Oppilmno, me too! Your energy will soar tonight to new levels!

**Q:** (J) Does it have something to do with our demonstration today {at the MUFON meeting} and the new board?

**A:** Yes!!

**Q:** (J) You guys are going to get whiplash moving around the board so fast!

**A:** You are good!

**Q:** (T) We owe it all to us!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Tell us about the general...

**A:** F wants back in! {MF, supposed UFO investigator for MUFON. When I was working with the abductee, "Candy", he saw it as a case to make him famous, started manipulating her, and ended up having an affair with her.}

**Q:** (T) What does F\_\_ want? Yeah, we convinced him today. Why does F\_\_ want back in?

**A:** You are a powerful channel, he does know a legitimate one when he sees one, you know! And he is a legitimate researcher who merely got caught up in an emotional state.

**Q:** (L) I thought that you said that he was an agent for the Lizzies?

**A:** Agent provacateur.

**Q:** (T) They are not saying that we should let him back in, they are just saying that he wants in.

**A:** All is up to you.

**Q:** (L) What was the reaction of Andrew B? {Supposed to be the highest level Golden Dawn initiate in the region. He was SUCH a poseur!}

**A:** Excitement.

**Q:** (T) I don't mind having Andy come if you don't. I don't mind as long as he doesn't go running and screwing around with F\_\_. (T) Well, he can do whatever he wants with F\_\_\_ as long as he doesn't bring F\_\_'s energy in here. Only MF can do that. (L) Who was the gray headed, bearded guy?

**A:** Barth H\_\_.

**Q:** (T) Who the heck is Barth H\_\_. (J) Who was the guy with the pith helmet? (L) He is at Leonard's meeting quite often. You guys said the other day that this demonstration that we were going to give today was a destined event.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Tell us now, since we have done it, what was the intent or the purpose of this destiny?

**A:** Education of those who could use a little redirection.

**Q:** (L) All those people there were people with just a little bit of an open mind. I mean, you almost can't deal with metaphysical people because they are generally closet fundamentalists. (F) Yeah, they seemed to be more balanced than some of these "New Agers." (J) Why was there so much interference when we had the group here a couple of sessions ago and there was no interference today?

**A:** Grooved better.

**Q:** (T) It was also good practice for doing it with a larger group of people.

**A:** Did you notice the heightened openness?

**Q:** (L) Yes we did notice. What was the reason for that?

**A:** Grooving provides for less interference among other things.

**Q:** (T) When GB {former regional director of MUFON} and the others were here that was the first time we had that many people here who were all directing the energy at the channel, so that opened the channel and grooved it wider. (J) The more new people we bring in with the right attitude, the more grooved it will become.

**A:** No, it happens as a natural circumstance of events.

**Q:** (L) Am I correct in thinking that one of the things that happened today was that we explained quite clearly what was going on, put up the parameters, and told the people what we would accept in the way of questions, and that this set up the protection?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) AB wanted us to ask what were the original number of chromosomes the human being possessed?

**A:** 135 pairs.

**Q:** (T) And we now have 23 pairs. So, we lost quite a few chromosomes. (L) A lot! (T) Will we get them all back?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask about the fellow with the Coral Castle. We went over to see Hillard, as you know. He had an accident after we saw him, the very next day, in fact. Was this accident caused to prevent him from communicating with us any further?

**A:** Open. Call him and press for details if you like.

**Q:** (L) When we were talking to Hillard, he told us about the man who built the Coral Castle {Leedskalnin}. This fellow had, apparently, in his private quarters, three objects: a bed, a table, and a swing made of an airplane seat suspended from the ceiling by a chain, complete with seatbelts. Is this...

**A:** You got it right because you are learning and rebundling DNA as a result of this and other activities.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so what SV and I were hashing out about this mystery, that was a process of understanding how this man performed these remarkable feats of engineering and construction, is that it?

**A:** Hypnotize SV if you wish.

**Q:** (L) Will SV be able to access this knowledge through hypnosis?

**A:** What do you suppose has happened to SV in her life, and why does she have nagging thoughts about her personal reality which she chooses not to disclose?

**Q:** (S) I think you better hypnotize me. I have nagging thoughts, but... (T) Does this bring anything out? (S) About my personality, I doubt myself, I don't know. It's like a great big question mark. (T) Do you want to follow up on this? And, they started out with "Real UFOs, SV." What does that mean?

**A:** What does it mean, indeed!

**Q:** (S) I guess as opposed to projections? (L) Okay, guys, let's connect our brain cells here!

**A:** No need to connect "brain cells," using your chakras will do!

**Q:** (L) Don't connect your brain cells, connect your chakras? How do we connect our chakras? (T) I didn't know that you could connect them? (S) They are all connected always. (L) But I mean how do we connect them with each other? (S) Think it, I guess.

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a clue on this? (T) Meditation?

**A:** You are missing the point, don't search, just let it happen when it is ready.

**Q:** (T) That's easy enough. (S) What does "real UFOs" mean? (L) Yes, you opened with that, what does it mean?

**A:** Ask SV!

**Q:** (L) Well, we certainly will ask SV. (S) I have never seen a UFO that I know of. Maybe I have but I didn't know it. Does it have anything to do with the fact that I am adopted?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Maybe you are an alien, SV. (T) Are you an Orion Federation member? {Laughter} (S) Am I?

**A:** Mirth.

**Q:** (S) You have to hypnotize me soon, I am dying of curiosity. (L) You won't die, I promise. (T) Yeah, you are living in Curiosity City. (S) I have had some really strange, fragmented dreams lately. They are only like glimpses... (T) Lately? Jan or I haven't had any strange dreams lately since the last one we talked about, but Jan had the visual thing with the eye the other night. (L) Yes, what was this phenomenon Jan experienced with her eyes the other night? (T) This is like the third or fourth time this thing has happened to her over the years.

**A:** Strand development in progress.

**Q:** (J) That's what I thought.

**A:** If that is what you thought, why hold back, don't you see your increasing abilities?

**Q:** (T) You have just gained knowledge on what you should be thinking about the next time it happens. I have been telling her that when it started that she should just relax, get past the stress and the fear, and just watch it and see what it does. (L) Yes, well, we have all had some strange experiences. (T) Yes, it is easy for me to say but hard for me to do and the same is true for all of us. (L) And with each of us, it is different.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) What kind of abilities are you talking about?

**A:** Psychic!

**Q:** (J) Okay, good...

**A:** Stop resisting UFO phenomenon, just accept.

**Q:** (L) What is this? Are you resisting, Jan? (J) I think I am still skeptical, yes. (L) You're kidding! I guess you need to see one, I guess. It sure cured me. {Laughter} (J) I have not had any assurances at all. (S) Neither have I, as far as we know. {Laughter} (J) I mean, I know all this stuff... (T) Can we arrange for something for all of us to see where you are?

**A:** You can arrange any time. Laura, more caffeine, please.

**Q:** (T) Do you guys want some coffee? Let me ask, could it be that you guys are hooked on caffeine and you can only get it through us?

**A:** Open. How does a 6th density light being go about being "hooked" on anything from 3rd density?

**Q:** (S) Okay, Terry, you'd better explain it to them! (T) It is coming through on the frequency we are transmitting. (L) Are you guys getting the caffeine when I drink it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Are you getting the shot of frequency change it provides?

**A:** If so, oh well! {Laughter}

**Q:** (L) I think what it does is make us able to stay up with them.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Oh, come on! You get a little out of it! Yeah, you do! (J) Do you like flavored or non-flavored coffee?

**A:** Terry, what have you been smoking?

**Q:** (T) Oh! They want some of that too! Ho-ho-ho, mirth, mirth. (S) It's those cigars you smoke, Terry!

BREAK FOR COFFEE

**Q:** (L) I assume that you/us have been listening to our/your conversation on finances...

**A:** As always.

**Q:** (L) Now, what we would like to know is, can you give us pointers in this regard, or reassurances, because we are still 3rd density and need reassurance in some respects, as to how to deal with this situation.

**A:** You are still 3rd density enough to need a lot of things, my love!

**Q:** {Oooh!} (L) Yes, but you didn't answer the question! (T) They are good at that.

**A:** RTB Review memory.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you said you were making financial arrangements for us...

**A:** RTB RTLTHEBSHS

**Q:** (L) Is this a code?

**A:** RTL, THE, BSHS...

**Q:** (Laura and Jan) RATTLE THE BUSHES! {Groans}

**A:** As you are doing, network!

**Q:** (L) So, we need to get more stuff and send more stuff out, and do like Frank said and look for sponsors and so forth.

**A:** Ask GB about money, he will not likely give, but may know someone who will! Do you now see the process?

**Q:** (S) A government grant? {Laughter}

**A:** Nyet.

**Q:** {Much laughter} (T) Let's ask Newt! (L) Nyet on Newt! (T) Ask GB?

**A:** Nyet on Newt! Mirth.

**Q:** (T) So, there are no Republicans on 6th level... now, what happened, Laura, when you were looking for the correct Reiki teacher? (L) I asked if I knew someone who knew someone who knew the correct Reiki... (T) And the Cassiopaeans said HD. And, when they said that, you said: "Well, Helen doesn't believe in Reiki." Yet Helen knew the person with the correct lineage and teachings.

**A:** Trust.

**Q:** (T) But, you didn't know she knew someone, yet she sent you to the person you needed to find. (L) Right. (T) And, now they are suggesting GB. He won't give us the help, but he will tell us someone to go see. Is it not the same? (J) He forks out every month to pay for the MUFON Newsletter and it costs about $150 a month to print that out. (L) Jan, didn't you have a question you wanted to ask? (J) Yes... I wanted to ask about that "psycho-power" (L) Where's the envelope the ad came in? There it is... there is the psycho-power thing... (J) Yes, and how come they misspelled my name... {Laura waves envelope with ad in air} (L) You see this guys? We would like to know if this is...

**A:** "Karnak the Magnificent"

**Q:** (J) OH! (L) What's the matter?

(J) Well, that's confirmation enough for me!!

(L) What do you mean?

(J) We were talking about Karnak in the car on the way up today! You know, the Johnny Carson skit. (L) Oh! (T) Karnak gave the answer to questions that were sealed in envelopes. It was always a joke. He would give a straight answer to a question that turned out to be a joke. "Humpty Dumpty had a great fall," is the one I remember, and the question was "What happened to Humpty Dumpty when Misses September, October and November moved into his apartment complex." {Groans} Bad jokes.

(F) He would frequently use a play on words for that skit. If there was someone whose name was in the news a lot, he would say something like: "Alexander Haig" and then they would open up the envelope and the question would be "who is the father of the son of Alexander Haig." {Groans}

(L) Well, we can save our money on that one.

(J) Guys, I am still skeptical of this...

(L) What do you mean?

(J) This whole thing... I really am... and for that to come through like that after Terry and I were joking about that in the car on the way here, and they picked that out specifically... just blows me away... I am sorry. {Gets tearful.}

(F) That's okay. Until you get something that you can literally put trust in, it isn't really real for you.

(J) Yes, like Laura's was...

(L) Actually the biggest one was...

(J) George R. Kidd...{Name of my son in his previous incarnation. See Tom French's article, The Exorcist in Love, St. Pete Times, for details.}

(L) Actually there have been several... the 666 thing was not in anybody's subconscious, I know... none of us could have known about the Coptic number-letter relationship... and the thing about...

(J) I think we each have to have our own personal thing...

(L) And I have had to have so many of them, and still, with so many of them piling up, every once in a while I still go into my doubt mode...

(J) We all do....

(L) What is this, are we deluding ourselves, is this a master deception by some entity? Our own minds?

(J) My friend Ann over in Palatka, who publishes that newsletter, the UFOlogist. We played around with the board one weekend when I went to stay with her. We got this really strange entity, and it didn't really go much of anywhere, but one phrase came through that was very clear that I had seen on a TV episode several days before, and the other one that came through that got me was the night before we went to that charity event and the first word that came up was "Poinsettias", and we asked what it meant and the Cassiopaeans answered that it just came to mind. Well, when we went to that event the next night, there were Poinsettias all over the place.

(T) Yeah, that country club was just filled with Poinsettias.

**A:** Hand on.

{Laura had hand off while looking for papers and puts hand on planchette when requested.}

**Q:** (T) Okay, what...

**A:** Put your hand in the hand of the Cassiopaeans! Put your hand in the hand of the "Man" who rides the wave! {Laughter}

**Q:** (T) Oh, I like that one. (L) We need to get to our questions... (J) GB thinks we need to put a book together on predictions... (L) I think the words of Jesus on that matter are appropriate: "It is a weak and faithless generation that seeketh after a sign." (T) We were talking about that earlier in the car... that the predictions are minor things compared to what we are actually getting, and that if you have the knowledge, you don't need the predictions because you already know that something is going to happen and you know that things are not necessarily "set" until just before they happen...

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (L) At one point we were told that time was an illusion that came into being at the "time" of the "Fall" in Eden, and this was said in such a way that I inferred that there were other illusions put into place at that time...

**A:** Time is an illusion that works for you because of your altered DNA state.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what other illusions?

**A:** Monotheism, the belief in one separate, all powerful entity.

**Q:** (L) What is another one of the illusions?

**A:** The need for physical aggrandizement.

**Q:** (L) The focus on the physical as the thing one needs to hold onto or protect. (T) Is separate the key word in regard to Monotheism?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is another of the illusions?

**A:** Linear focus.

**Q:** (L) Anything else at this time?

**A:** Unidimensionality.

**Q:** (L) The veil... (J) The perception of only one dimension... (L) Were these illusions programmed into us genetically through our DNA?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are there any others we should cover at this point?

**A:** Are you finished with the concept?

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know. Can you tell us a little bit about how these illusions are enforced on us, how they are perceived by us?

**A:** If someone opens a door, and behind it you see a pot of gold, do you worry whether there is a poisonous snake behind the door hidden from view, before you reach for the pot of gold?

**Q:** (L) What does the gold represent?

**A:** Temptation to limitation.

**Q:** (L) What does the door represent?

**A:** Opening for limitation.

**Q:** (L) Was limitation presented as a pot of gold when, in fact, it was not? Was this a trick?

**A:** What is snake?

**Q:** (T) The Lizards? (J) Danger. (L) Okay, who opened the door. (J) We did. (T) No, what is the snake.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean we did not open the door?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Who opened the door?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) So, we were, literally... (T) Who was the snake? (J) The Lizards, they are danger...

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) Who was the snake?

**A:** Result of giving into temptation without caution, i.e. leaping before looking.

**Q:** (J) So we should exercise caution. (T) Okay, what was the snake? (J) The result of giving into temptation. The snake represents the classic... (L) So what you are saying to us is that the story of the temptation in Eden was the story of Humankind being led into this reality as a result of being tempted. So, the eating of the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil was...

**A:** Giving into temptation.

**Q:** (L) And this was a trick...

**A:** No! Tricks don't exist!

**Q:** (L) There is an issue here. (T) Okay, no trick, a trap?

**A:** No! Traps don't exist either. Free will could not be abridged if you had not obliged.

**Q:** (T) Now wait a minute. I am losing the whole train here. What were we before the "Fall?"

**A:** 3rd density STO.

**Q:** (T) Didn't you tell us that 3rd density beings could not be STO? (L) No. They said there are 3rd density STO beings. (T) We are STS at this point because of what happened then?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Okay, now, we were STO at that time. The Lizards opened the door, we are using this as an allegory, I guess, the Lizards opened the door and showed us a pot of gold hoping that we would reach in for the pot, or walk through the door, when they were waiting for us on the other side in order to take us over in some way. Am I on the right track?

**A:** Hoping is incorrect idea.

**Q:** (T) Okay, what was it they were trying to do by enticing us?

**A:** Trying is incorrect idea, continue to probe for learning opportunity.

**Q:** (T) We were 3rd density STO at this time. Was this after the battle that had transpired? In other words, were we, as a 3rd density race, literally on our own at that point, as opposed to before?

**A:** Was battle.

**Q:** (L) The battle was in us?

**A:** Through you.

**Q:** (T) The battle was through us as to whether we would walk through this doorway... (L) The battle was fought through us, we were literally the battleground. (T) I got that, but I want to get back to this analogy to make sure where we are in the overall picture. The battle was going on when the door was opened. Was the battle over whether or not we walked through that door?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Okay, we were STO at that point. You have said before that on this density we have the choice of being STS or STO.

**A:** Oh Terry, the battle is always there, it's "when" you choose that counts!

**Q:** (T) Okay, so we are still looking at that pot of gold? What I am trying to find out is... there is something important here... (L) Let's back up and ask it this way: Prior to this event, humankind was or was not...

**A:** Prior to?

**Q:** (L) Okay, not prior. But, we are still talking about somewhat of a historical event in a sense even though it is all simultaneous. This event, somewhere on the cycle, was humankind all one soul, so to speak...

**A:** Backsliding.

**Q:** (T) We are moving backwards here. Okay, let's ask it this way...

**A:** Closer. You were with the thought waves, perhaps better to defer to him for this one.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I'll shut up. Carry on Terry. (T) I need all the help I can get. (L) It's a tough one. (T) This must tie into why the Lizards and other aliens keep telling people that they have given their consent for abduction and so forth. We were STO and now we are STS. (J) Yeah, right.

**A:** Yes, continue.

**Q:** (T) We are working with the analogy. The gold was an illusion. The gold was not what we perceived it to be. It was a temptation that was given to us as STO beings on 3rd density. The door was opened by the Lizards.

**A:** No temptation, it was always there. Remember Dorothy and the Ruby slippers?

**Q:** (T) Okay, we were STO at that time, before we stepped through. We didn't have to step through. (F) But, wait a minute now, they keep saying, correct me if I am wrong, every time Terry says: "They tried to get us through..." (L) They said no... (F) It was always there. (J) Free will could not be abridged if you had not obliged. (T) They didn't do anything but open the door. The Lizards opened the door and let us decide whether we were going to go through or not. (J) I still think the key is that we obliged by stepping through the door... (T) By our stepping through this door that the Lizards conveniently provided for us without actually doing anything to us, just opening it and showing it to us...

**A:** Provided? ! ?

**Q:** (L) They didn't provide it... (J) It always existed... (T) It's always there.... (J) It's there now... (T) The Lizards...

**A:** Yes, think of the Ruby slippers. What did Glenda tell Dorothy???

**Q:** (J) You can always go home. (L) You have always had the power to go home...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, we always have the power to return to being STO? Even in 3rd density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How does a 3rd density STO being conduct their life?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) I want to go back to the analogy of the door. The door has always been there. The temptation has always been there... (J) Is there... (T) Has, is, will be... is always.

**A:** "When" you went for the gold, you said "Hello" to the Lizards and all that that implies.

**Q:** (T) Okay, that was what I was trying to get at. You said that the Lizards, or the forces of STS opened the door.

**A:** No. Shouldn't say opened. We said "opened" only to introduce you to the concept, so that you would understand.

**Q:** (L) So, let's let go of the part that somebody "opened" the door. (T) The door was always there and always open. I was just trying to work with the analogy. So, the concept is that, as STO beings we had the choice of either going for the gold or not. By going for the gold, we became STS beings because going for the gold was STS.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And, in doing so, we ended up aligning ourselves with the 4th density Lizard Beings...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Because they are 4th density beings and they have a lot more abilities than we at 3rd density...

**A:** You used to be aligned with 4th density STO.

**Q:** (T) And we were 3rd density STO. But, by going for the gold we aligned ourselves with 4th density STS.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And by doing so we gave 4th density STS permission to do whatever they wish with us?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) So, when they tell us that we gave them permission to abduct us, it is this they are referring to?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (J) Go back to what they said before: "Free will could not be abridged if you had not obliged." (T) We, as the human race, used our free will to switch from STO to STS. (L) So, at some level we have chosen the mess we are in and that is the Super Ancient Legend of the Fallen Angel, Lucifer. That is us. We fell by falling into that door, so to speak, going after the pot of gold, and when we fell through the door, the serpent bit us!

**A:** But this is a repeating syndrome.

**Q:** (L) Is it a repeating syndrome just for the human race or is it a repeating syndrome throughout all of creation?

**A:** It is the latter.

**Q:** (L) Is this a repeating syndrome throughout all of creation simply because it is the cyclic nature of things? Or is it as the Indians call it, Maya?

**A:** Either or.

**Q:** (T) Now, you keep referring to the movie, "The Wizard of Oz." You have been saying...

**A:** 6th density inspired.

**Q:** (T) You have good filmmakers up there in 6th density. (S) What other movies did they inspire? (T) Before we go off on a sidetrack like that, I'm still trying to grasp something here... okay, you keep referring to the movie, and that we have an ability within us that is something like the Ruby slippers that can take us back to STO any time we wish.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, all this stuff we have been talking about, the realm border, the wave, raising the frequencies...

**A:** Realm wave is the "tornado."

**Q:** (T) That is the rough wave moving.

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) In the analogy of Dorothy and the whole thing, the place where she started out was Kansas, i.e. STO? (J) It was in black and white...

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (L) Was going to the land of Oz the STO state?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (L) So Oz was STS. And Kansas, not necessarily the physical surroundings, but the state of mind of Dorothy prior to the Oz experience, was the STO state.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, we don't need necessarily to look at Kansas or the fact that it was filmed in black and white, it is just the state of mind. The going to Oz...

**A:** And Elvira Gulch.

**Q:** (J) The lady that turned into the witch.

**A:** The witch is the Lizards.

**Q:** (T) Yeah, okay. Tornado. Dorothy fell from the STO to the STS state through the tornado. Is this true.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) The realm wave you equated to the tornado... (L) Did a realm wave interact with...

**A:** Analyze more carefully, suggest break to do so.

BREAK

(T) They are equating the tornado as the shift from STO to STS.

(L) Maybe it also is a shift from STS to STO.

(J) Yes, a shift from one to the other would be dramatic.

(T) Was it a density shift also? The realm wave is supposed to be a density shift. A window between densities. Is there also a shifting between STO and STS. Is there a gateway that you go through? A door?

(F) Oh God! There are so many possibilities here.

(L) And if you switch into STO do you find yourself on a different Earth?

(T) They said this tornado is representative of Dorothy going from STO to STS state. She also went from her reality to a totally different reality.

(F) That's true.

(J) But switching from one to the other is going to be traumatic.

(T) They have been talking about a realm wave...

(F) I don't think it matters which way, I just think that in that particular story it was laid out that way.

(T) But what they have been telling us so far is that the realm wave is a window to move between densities.

(J) Right.

(T) But they just said to us that the tornado is an analogy of a realm wave. But the tornado was a passage from STO to STS, not from 3rd to 4th density.

(J) Two different things.

(F) True, however, a realm border passage may represent any kind of sudden shift?

(T) That is what I am wondering. Can it also mean that not only would we shift from 3rd to 4th, but also would we shift from STS to STO and start out in an STO state there? And then have, again, whether or not we shift back to an STS state in 4th density? Do you always start out in an STO state?

(L) Okay, let's stop.

(F) No, because if a realm border is coming now, and they have told us over and over again that we are STS, and what they have actually told us is that the realm border is a shift from 3rd density to 4th density, and they never said it was a shift from STS to STO, they have said that it is our choice.

(T) Yes, but they just referred to the tornado as this realm wave, and, in the Wizard the tornado was the symbol of shifting from STO to STS.

(J) Is it?

(T) I don't know. I'm just trying to get a handle on what they are trying to tell us here because it is something extremely important.

(J) They have been saying "Ruby Slippers, Ruby Slippers," not "tornado, tornado."

(T) Yeah, they said that just now, that the wave is the tornado.

(F) I think that is a different subject, there.

(T) But now it is the same symbology. The tornado took her from one point to another and the slippers took her back to point A again. Two different concepts.

(F) Wait a minute.

(L) They said that Kansas wasn't the STO state.

(F) There are all kinds of intricate little things here, somehow there must be a way to connect it. You know what it is, remember the slippers, they said, meant that the pathway was always there for her to go home.

(J) Yeah, but she had to kill the witch to get the slippers.

(F) No, she thought she had to. Don't you remember Glenda telling her "Ooh, no dear, you can always go home. All you have to do is say 'there's no place like home.'"

(J) Yeah, but you had to be wearing those slippers...

(F) No, no... remember, that was an illusion.

(L) You've always had the power to go home.

(S) Now, you know what, the tornado could be 5th density, as she was looking out the window all these things passed by...

(T) Yes, her life passed by her.

(F) Yes, but they have told us that the realm border passage itself is going to result in all kinds of hairy stuff going on.

(J) Like I say, switching from STS to STO or back, or from 3rd density to 4th density, it's going to be a violent... it is not going to be an easy passage either way.

(F) Right.

(J) It is a radical change in reality.

(T) Yes, but for Dorothy, in the movie, it was violent in the fact that it was a tornado, though it did not physically hurt her.

(J) Yes, and that is what we have been told, too.

(F) She was scared...

(T) Yes, but that was a mental thing... it was up here {pointing to head} where the hurt was. She didn't get hurt physically.

(F) There is also another thing to speculate about, throughout the entire movie, she was never hurt physically. Through all the threats, she was never actually hurt.

(T) It was also 1939, if the movie had been made in 1995 they would have had machine guns, missiles, chainsaws, and there would be body counts all over the place. And she still could have gone home anytime she wanted. You know, "Dorothy Meets the Terminator."

(L) "Dorothy and the Chainsaw Massacre."

(S) "Dorothy Goes to Elm Street." {Laughter}

(T) It's the cross between a children's fairy story and a Stephen King Nightmare.

(F) You know, the fundamentalists have attacked the Wizard of Oz.

(L) They have? Why?

(T) Because it is Satanic.

(F) Yeah, they say it's Hollywood's effort to pull people away from Christianity and fundamentalism and all that jazz.

(T) The Wizard of Oz is evil. To the fundamentalists.

(F) Yes, because you don't need the celebration of Christ to get back to Kansas.

(L) Yes, and Cinderella is politically incorrect.

(T) Because she didn't sleep with one foot on the floor like all the sitcoms.

(J) Excuse me?

(T) I don't know.

(S) We went from Oz to sitcoms?

(J) I think you are mixing your metaphors.

(S) That was Sleeping Beauty.

(T) Yeah, that was Sleeping Beauty in the box.

(J) And one foot on the floor.

(L) No, Snow White was in the box.

(T) Snow White was in the box. Yeah, Disney took all the things that had Beauty sleeping in them...

(L) Did you ever stop and think about that symbology: Sleeping Beauty? Being awakened by a kiss?

(F) Who turns into a frog.

(L) No!

(F) Oh, that's right, the frog turns into a prince.

(L) That's another analogy. Being awakened from the illusion into which one has been put by the evil witch...

(F) And Cinderella...

(L) And also, in all of these fairy tales it is because of some choice and lack of knowledge...

(J) Rumplestiltskin...

(S) The Ugly Duckling...

(T) Yeah, all of Grimm's fairy tales were really pretty grim. They have been cleaned up a whole lot.

(L) Yeah, in the original Cinderella, the step sister cut off part of her foot to get it to fit the slipper and the Prince found her out because of the dripping blood.

(Jan and S\_\_) Ooooh! Yuck!

(T) Must have been the glass slipper, cut my foot!

(L) Yeah, it's pretty grim. One cut her heel off and the other cut her toes off.

(T) Are we getting anywhere? We got the idea that when we fell from STO to STS we gave the Lizzies the right to do what they are doing. So, when they make the statement that we said they could, we did.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) We are having a bit of a puzzlement here because we are wondering if the tornado which represents the realm wave is something that moves one from an STO state to an STS state while still remaining in 3rd density?

**A:** Okay, that is one way. Okay...

**Q:** (T) The realm border is not only a way of transferring from one density to another, but it is also a way of transiting from STS and STO and back?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (T) So, those who transit on this pass may transit from 3rd to 4th density and come out as an STO being?

**A:** In some of the passages.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so people can either go from STO to STS in 3rd or 4th density... any of these choices are open at this passing of the realm wave?

**A:** Any of the above according to the orientation of the wave.

**Q:** (L) And what is the orientation of the wave that is coming? Is it strictly to move us from 3rd density to 4th density? Is this a function of this wave?

**A:** We have told you this.

**Q:** (L) And they have told us that this is a wave from 3rd to 4th density. Some of the waves, apparently, can move from STO to STS... (T) Not the wave, the person passing through the wave. As this wave passes by, does the orientation of the wave depend upon the individual?

**A:** Compare to sea waves. Waves are a part of the fiber of all nature.

**Q:** (T) Is it going to depend on where on the wave you are relating to the cycle, the crest and the trough? As to which way you transition on it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) In other words, a wave that is going to transition from 3rd to 4th density will do so no matter where you are on the wave when it passes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) A wave that is aligned to transit people from STS to STO or vice versa will do that also?

**A:** Or you could "go under" instead.

**Q:** (T) Under the wave? (J) Under the water. (T) Then you wouldn't move at all. (L) You could be pulled under, you could drown and become part of the primordial soup! (T) Is that Minestrone?

**A:** Chicken Noodle. {Laughter.}

**Q:** (L) Am I right that if you go under you get sucked into the ocean and start cycling all over again?

**A:** It is not that simple.

**Q:** (J) I didn't think that was simple at all. (T) Let's not even start on that one. I'm still trying to work out this movement from STO to STS. You keep referring to the movie about Dorothy. In the movie she was told she could go home any time she wanted just by saying I want to go home, or whatever. That is a lot easier than going through all the conniptions and contankerations waiting out this wave that comes only once every so often. Is there a way for us to go back to STO that is easier and simpler than hanging out for 300,000 years waiting for this wave to come around?

**A:** Sure!

**Q:** (T) Okay, now we are getting somewhere. Where are we going? (L) Well, they already told me to shut my mouth. (T) But now you have caffeine, you can assist me. {Laughter} So, there is another way of doing this. (J) Visualization?

**A:** Now wait a minute, are you ready to just go to 4th density right now?

**Q:** (J) Well, probably not. I don't think I'm finished yet. (T) Yeah, I am ready. Right now. Let's roll! Jan, feed the cats when you get home! (L) Even the idea of just taking off and leaving and abdicating your responsibilities and agreements is an STS thing. (T) Yeah, but I'd be 4th density STS. (S) You and the Lizzies! (T) Now, now, I wasn't saying... I'm not ready to go now because I'm wanted here! Anyway, what you are saying is that the realm wave is not the only way to make the transition, is this correct?

**A:** One idea presented.

**Q:** (T) That idea is the wave is the way of moving a large group of beings, is this true?

**A:** Off center.

**Q:** (L) Well, the wave is just part of a grand cycle. (T) And we are here to set up a frequency to pull as many beings through the wave, when it passes, and that is the whole purpose of why we are here... Is this so?

**A:** That implies interference with free will.

**Q:** (L) So, we are here to set up a frequency so that others may join with us... (J) And when we get to 4th density we make the choice or change from STS to STO... (L) Who do the munchkins represent?

**A:** 2nd density beings.

**Q:** (L) Do the monkeys represent the Grays?

**A:** If you wish.

**Q:** (L) Who do the Witches soldiers represent?

**A:** The Nephalim.

**Q:** (L) Who does the Wizard represent?

**A:** Think, learn, discover.

**Q:** (L) I think we have had enough on this subject.

END OF SESSION

