## August 12, 1995
Direct Channeling with Frank, Laura, SV

The usual caveats about the direct channeling sessions apply though this was one of the better ones.

Trance induced.

**Q:** Are you ready to receive questions?

**A:** Yes.

[Suggestions given for clarity of communication.]

**Q:** (L) Do you have any messages to give S or myself at this time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Then we'll get to our questions. My first question is: What is the source of the Vedas? The Hindu system of philosophy?

**A:** There is more than one source.

**Q:** (L) What is the general source, positive or...?

**A:** A very vague question.

**Q:** (L) Was it a group of people that put them together over centuries, or was it channeled information, or...?

**A:** It came into being as a result of meditation.

**Q:** (L) And what race of people was responsible for this information?

**A:** Caucasian.

**Q:** (L) What period of time were the Vedas received.

**A:** Varying bits and pieces of information which later was organized into packages labeled as it is.

**Q:** (L) From what realm did this meditated information issue?

**A:** The realm of the subconscious mind.

**Q:** (L) Are any of the Vedas information that was given to man by extra-terrestrials?

**A:** Not as you would define it.

**Q:** (L) From what types of beings, or what level of density did this information issue from?

**A:** Third.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us anything more on that in a general sense?

**A:** If you ask.

**Q:** (L) What is the percentage of accuracy of the information given in the Vedas? Overall?

**A:** Accurate at what level?

**Q:** (L) Third Density.

**A:** Accurate to what extent and in what way?

**Q:** (L) Well, in a general sense, as a way of living one's life and perceiving the universe.

**A:** That's an extremely difficult question to answer as accuracy in determining such things as perceiving the universe and living one's life is entirely open to interpretation as anyone can resolve accuracy by relating to the parallel universe which is appropriate for the information given. And, as we have stated in the past, it is possible to create parallel universes through thought energy, and once they are created naturally, they correspond naturally to the interpretation given for them.

**Q:** (L) Is there any benefit to be obtained through the use of mantras?

**A:** Especially when the mind says there is. Remember, most all power necessary for altering reality and physicality is contained within the belief center of the mind. This is something you will understand more closely when you reach 4th density reality where physicality is no longer a prison, but is instead, your home, for you to alter as you please. In your current state, you have the misinterpretation of believing that reality is finite and therein lies your difficulty with finite physical existence. We are surprised that you are still not able to completely grasp this concept.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think I have a good grasp of this concept, but I am asking questions to obtain answers for others to comprehend.

**A:** That is not being completely honest.

**Q:** (L) Close enough. Is it true that recitation of mantras can effect spirit release or exorcism?

**A:** If you please.

**Q:** (L) Last week, the remark was made, regarding spirit release and exorcism, that if it is done properly, by the right person, that there is no side effects or eventualities that would bring detrimental conditions to the individuals and location involved. What was meant by "done correctly?" What is the correct format or mode for exorcism?

**A:** Correct manner involves honesty and understanding that one has complete faith and awareness of the activities pursued. In other words, when one performs an act which they proclaim to be having a desired result, and they do not have faith in their own actions as, in fact, producing the desired result, then the effort will collapse because of their lack of faith. Whereas when one has complete faith and multi-density understanding, their activities are indeed truth and useful as prescribed and this is the correct way to pursue them.

**Q:** (L) Isn't faith a difficult commodity to acquire?

**A:** Not at all. When you have found something of truth you will receive demonstrations which locks in your faith.

**Q:** (L) I see. What is the criteria for the "correct person" to be performing exorcism or spirit release?

**A:** The same as the previous answer.

**Q:** (SV) I have a question. Jan and Terry have been taking sort of lessons from a Buddhist monk. Could this possibly help them, or us, to go within or help with issues?

**A:** Any method employed can be helpful for, as you say, resolving issues or with coming up with answers, if indeed the effort is sincere and the seeking is genuine, rather than just going through the motions, as it were.

**Q:** (L) Several weeks ago we did a spirit viewing of Terry and Jan, and there was something seen that obscured Terry, and something seen within. We later did a direct spirit release and nothing that was similar to what had been observed remotely revealed or exposed itself. Why was this?

**A:** Complicated, complex.

**Q:** (L) Was there error in what was seen?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was what was seen there when we did the release with Terry?

**A:** That is not the correct issue.

**Q:** (L) What is the correct issue?

**A:** Variability of circumstance.

**Q:** (L) So, in the circumstance he was in while being viewed, there was what was there, and when the circumstances changed, it was no longer present?

**A:** Not exactly. Two different types of activities involved. One was viewing from afar, one was spirit release. These are two separate types of activities employing the psychic or ethereal channeling process, therefore points of view can be altered by a number of factors, including emotional blocks or change of circumstances, just to name two.

**Q:** (L) In a previous session we asked the question: Had anyone ever been in our group or was anyone here, who had been sent to disrupt the group, or stop the channel. The answer was given that there was a good chance, but this was something we had to learn on our own. Now, we have discussed this from many different directions, and it seems to appear that part of this potential for disruption came through, if not from, Terry and or Jan as you have previously stated.

**A:** Well, again you are simplifying a complex issue, seeking a broad, general answer to questions that would be better served by breaking them down into simpler questions.

**Q:** (L) Were Terry and Jan sent to our group to disrupt it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, the answer seemed to indicate that someone was, and if it wasn't them, then it must be one of us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was it someone else at some other time?

**A:** It is not someone in the sense of any third density physical being as it is someone attached to a third density physical being which can change from being to being as conditions warrant. Why should you think that any given physical individual contains exactly the same surroundings and attachments at all times? Obviously, this can change. Therefore, if there is attack, would it not be far more effective to launch the attack through anyone and everyone present at any given time, in order to maintain the attack. It is rather naive to assume that it so limited that physical removal of any given third density being, will preclude all possibilities for attack if and when one has identified an attack mode resulting from the presence of said being.

**Q:** (L) Are some people more susceptible to attack modes than others?

**A:** Well, again, there is a variable issue rather than a static issue involved here.

**Q:** (L) Well, if I remember correctly, when I asked the original question, I believe I specified a 3rd density person, and not something ephemeral.

**A:** If you are asking is it possible for a third density being to seek consciously to disrupt activities, yes, certainly this is possible. Has it happened as of yet? No. Does that mean it cannot happen? No. Does that mean it will happen? It's always a good chance for your activities are of the type which would bring about attack of any and all sorts. Therefore, you must be on the lookout. However. It is also wise not to become obsessed with any particular mode of attack as many, many, many types can be employed. Types that you may not even think of.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, could my sensitivities to atmosphere, attitudes and so forth be a form of attack on myself?

**A:** Can be. The attack may not be consciously emanating from the physical third density being as in the case of any and all third density beings.

**Q:** (L) What I meant to inquire is: is my emotional reaction to this distorted?

**A:** Could be, and if it is, then obviously the attack is successful.

**Q:** (L) How can I determine this?

**A:** By being completely open and communicating with all parties at all times. Keeping secrets can only lead to failure.

**Q:** (L) Well, are Terry and Jan significantly important to this group? I try to talk to them, but it seems that their emotions either block them from hearing me, or their attitudes and responses put a period to my attempts to discuss issues. I find it almost unbearable to be constantly interrupted and this is a constant with the both of them... if they are not trying to outtalk each other.

**A:** Well, again, we suggest that you try to avoid subjective inquiries. We ask that you pause and ask yourself if there is anyway that those you refer to as Terry and Jan, and any and all parties to any extent, can ever be of any benefit to any and all involved before you pass judgment.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't quite get the meaning there. Frank's the channel. Obviously that is an important function. Without the channel there is obviously no group. Right?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so therefore, in a very real sense, no other of us is all that significant?

**A:** Incorrect.

**Q:** (L) Why is that?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Can we define our roles?

**A:** It is up to each and everyone of you to define your roles as whatever role you see yourself fulfilling, and also to communicate those to each other. If this is done, it can bring a much clearer picture of the situation to each one of you, and also avoid the possibility that misunderstandings, conflicts of interest, as is possible when there is a lack of communication in any situation. See, this is one of many modes of attack employed very successfully by those who wish to see efforts cease, and the attack is most ingenious because it involves playing with the subconscious mind where 92 % of all thought processes originate in third density.

**Q:** (L) Well, it has not been my perception that Terry and Jan are open to honest communication. They are quite willing to point out other people's problems, but they do not want to hear it if someone else has a problem with them.

**A:** Then it would seem that it is not an open forum.

**Q:** (L) How can you have an open forum with someone who is not honest with themselves?

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** (L) Of course its subjective. Isn't it significant that since they have arrived in the group that the level of information has deteriorated and the occurrence of vague and non-answers?

**A:** Be careful not to read incorrect mechanical approaches as defective characteristics or personality or nature. It is important to differentiate between that which is alterable, curable, or can be helped, with that which is incurable, unalterable, and cannot be helped. Also, realize too, that as third density STS beings, it is very easy for any and all of you, each and every one of you, to fall into the trap, which is, of course, one form of attack coming from 4th density STS; to fall into the trap of seeking to serve self even when in cooperation with or in forum with others. This can cause, ultimately, a derailing, of any and all activities designed to improve situations or generate wide-spread assistance.

**Q:** (L) Earlier today, while talking with this fellow, Ram, the Vedic astrologer, he proposed that the Vedic idea of who and what the Lizard Beings were was correct and that this is the activation of the sexual principle, or kundalini within us. Any kind of UFO or alien activity is merely the reflection of what is inside all of us. Is this a correct assessment?

**A:** Part of the answer to that question, if you refer back to the answers to the earlier questions, is of a similar nature. But, in truth, the best way to most adequately answer those questions is to ask yourself what do you believe, based on the knowledge that you have collected and have been given.

**Q:** (L) Well, I sometimes wonder if they are not part of ourselves, in a parallel universe, and they emerge into our world and interact with us in a negative way. And, that the stories of alien human interaction are really just stories of human performance of mechanical operations, guided by negative aspects of their own being in another dimension or density. Would this not be a distinct possibility.

**A:** Not in the sense that you are thinking. Remember, it is always wise to review all the previously gathered information whenever any new ideas appear before you. This is true not only in this particular instance, but also all others as well. For example, how often would mere thought patterns, or realities emerging from a parallel universe, appear in desert locations and be retrieved by third density beings for study in the third density realm? Now, if indeed you believe that this has happened, and it HAS, one must contemplate the meaning such and how it relates to one's proposal that the whole issue involves much higher levels of density on the etheric plane, and, or, interdimensional capabilities that cannot be measured within the realm of third density. These theories, certainly, are part of the answer, but merely a part of the answer, and none of them represents the entire answer. And we caution very strongly that you avoid falling into the trap of believing too strongly in any one explanation that appears, as this too, is a form of attack which can lead to destructive consequences.

**Q:** (L) So, there are actual, material, alien craft that have been captured or retrieved by the government and studied?

**A:** Do you have any doubt of this?

**Q:** (L) Well, sometimes I wonder if the whole thing is cooked up by the government just to make us all crazy!

**A:** Well that's an interesting concept, but we can assure you, that that is not, in any way, correct.

**Q:** (L) Well, if these craft emerge into our reality from fourth density, as I assume some of them do, how do they stay here? Do they become absolutely physically material and do they remain here?

**A:** If they malfunction in third density, they then become frozen in third density. Very simple.

**Q:** (L) And, does the same hold true for the beings?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** (L) So, in a very real sense, they are very real and physical...

**A:** They are very real and physical in fourth density, too. The difference is that fourth density physicality is not the same as third density physicality. But that is not to say that there is no physicality in fourth density. In order to completely remove all attachment to physicality, one must reach sixth density or higher. Everything below that involves some aspect of physicality or attachment to physicality; as in fifth density, the contemplation zone, which is simply a recycling of those from 1st through 4th densities, in the etheric plane. They are brought back down and recycled into one of the physical realms. Each density level one through four, involves lesser and lesser physicality, as you know it, but nevertheless there still is physicality. Third density physicality, however, remains constant on third density when a being or a craft or an instrument of any kind manufactured or conceived in fourth density arrives in third density, it is able to navigate through third density in fourth density reality. However, when it malfunctions, whatever is left of it remains in third density. Those reports of objects or of any physical structure whatsoever, be it a being or a construct, disappearing from third density to fourth density, in each and every case, involves an object or a being, or a construct, which is not in the process of malfunctioning. It is still fully operational at its fourth density realm. It is merely visiting third density which has a limited capacity, as you measure time in its passage, therefore it does, indeed, remove itself naturally, at some point, to fourth density. However, if it malfunctions or is in any way broken or altered, it will remain in third density.

**Q:** (L) So, if someone removes an implant, the best way to keep it here would be to smash it?

**A:** If someone removes an implant it is no longer functioning as it was designed to function.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So we have some real things happening, and a possibility that a film was taken of this interaction with these malfunctioning fourth density beings and craft. And, supposedly, this film is going to be shown on television. Is this film of this autopsy, and examination of craft remains, a true filming of same, or is it a fake, or fraud?

**A:** Well, one would suggest that for the maximum amount of learning, that the film be witnessed by those seeking the truth, in order to determine for themselves whether or not it is factual, as such will be possible upon viewing.

**Q:** (L) Well, I certainly intend to do that. Now, I want to slide in a personal question. Regarding my present living conditions, I would like to know if this is karmic?

**A:** All difficulties in personal life are karmic in one way or another. Especially those involving interactions with other souled beings. And the closer the interactions, the more karmic they are. This you already know.

**Q:** (L) Well, the difficult thing is to know what is the best thing to do.

**A:** Learning images is the process that is ongoing throughout all existence, and is achieved by one action or another. Any and all actions, any and all possible actions, any and all directions of actions facilitate continued learning. Therefore, it is not possible in the ultimate sense, to make mistakes. But, one must experience whatever is karmic to its full extent. The choices made reflect choices made prior to entering the physical plane of third density, combined with the opportunities that present themselves with the variability of reality in its fluid state. Therefore, the decisions to be made will present themselves when they are to be made, and it is only one's ability to accept interpretation objectively that determines whether the learning process will deliver greater or lesser degrees of pain.

**Q:** (L) Why does learning have to be painful?

**A:** It doesn't.

**Q:** (L) Well, it seems that it invariably is for me.

**A:** That is according to the perceptions of the experiencer, not according to any absolute criteria.

**Q:** (L) We would like to know a bit more on the subject of rituals, which you have warned us are restricting on many levels. Why is this?

**A:** If one believes in one's activities sincerely, to the greatest extent, they certainly will produce SOME benefit, at SOME level. But, merely following patterns for the sake of following patterns, does not produce sincerity and faith necessary for ultimate benefits to result. So, therefore, as always, one must search from within, rather than from without, to answer that question. Do you understand? To give you an example, to be certain, you meet this all the time. If you read material in the pages of a book that advises one form of ritual or another, and you follow that form of ritual because you have read words printed on the pages, does that really give you the true sense of satisfaction and accomplishment within yourself to the greatest extent possible? Whereas, if you, yourself, were to develop an activity which one or another could interpret or define as a ritual, but it comes from within you, it feels RIGHT to you, and you have a sincere and complete faith in it, whatever it may be, does that feel right to you?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Have we answered the question, then?

**Q:** (L) Yes, thank you.

**A:** We will say good night, then.

END OF SESSION

