## June 10, 1995
Frank Direct Channeling, Laura, SV, Terry and Jan

[Laura induces hypnotic trance in Frank]

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** We are not a single entity; as always, that's not changed.

**Q:** (L) Is anyone in particular representing, or do you prefer to not designate thus?

**A:** Well it brings up an interesting point because in your previous sessions using the board, we've noticed that you tend to refer to us as though we were a single entity. In actuality, that is not the correct way of thinking of us. We are multiple entities in union with each other with a singular voice when communicating with you.

**Q:** (L) We are all gathered here this evening for this experiment to discover if we can receive information through this method as opposed to the board method. Is there anything we can do to enhance the use of this particular method?

**A:** Define enhance, please.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can do to make the channel more comfortable, anything to do to make the induction more effective?

**A:** Is it not effective at this point?

**Q:** (L) Yes, it seems to be effective, but if there is anything we can or should do to make it better, we would like to know what it is. Any particular induction process that would work better than another aside from getting the numbers straight.

**A:** That is not necessary at this time.

**Q:** (L) Okay, then can we begin addressing questions?

**A:** Certainly.

**Q:** (L) The first question I have is concerning last Saturday night's session, which nobody seems to have been happy with. We would like to understand why the information seemed to be so garbled and distorted and, quite frankly, incorrect.

**A:** What makes you feel it was incorrect?

**Q:** (L) Because one of the answers was that what I was seeing outside was the planet Mars. It could not have been the planet Mars because Mars was 120 degrees away from the planet Jupiter.

**A:** Perhaps the question was posed in such a way as to receive that response. Suggest you check the material more closely.

**Q:** (L) It was also said that the children were seeing airplanes and helicopters. When I went out, what I saw was most definitely not a helicopter or an airplane and was only ten degrees away from the planet Jupiter, and was a red, pulsating light. Can you tell me what I saw?

**A:** Well, if you desire to believe that what you saw was something other than any response given, that's perfectly acceptable. But, when inquiring upon such things as visual reference, one must be prepared for any and all answers.

**Q:** (L) That seems to be rather evasive.

**A:** Evasiveness may also indicate a desire to help one learn about oneself and one's environment.

**Q:** (L) What I saw out there was not an airplane or a helicopter; it was also not the planet Mars. Whatever it was, it was not there the following night or any night subsequent to that. Therefore, it was some sort of object that wasn't of a sort that we usually see, and it baffles me as to why it would be conducive to learning for me to...

**A:** May we ask a question?

**Q:** (L) Sure.

**A:** When seeking to identify visual reference, would it not be wise to be patient with the outcome of the analysis?

**Q:** (L) Well, sure.

**A:** You state that what you saw was not a plane or a helicopter. We are interested to know how you can be certain of that?

**Q:** (L) Because I stood and watched it for a considerable period of time and it never moved.

**A:** Does that indicate that it was not a helicopter?

**Q:** (L) Yes, because even helicopters, when they hover, there is some lateral or horizontal movement or motion, and they also have different kinds of lights on them. They don't sit there and look like a single, large, reddish orange, glowing light that pulsates .

**A:** Okay, well all of these various...

**Q:** (L) Could you speak more loudly and clearly?

**A:** We will try to accommodate your request, however circumstances may not make that completely possible. Remember, we are using a different mode which requires cooperation of physical capability and other factors.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Do you have any further remarks to make about the session last Saturday?

**A:** No. If you have any questions or further comments?

**Q:** (L) Anybody else have any further questions about it? (T) Did Tom understand the information that you gave him last week?

**A:** Could you specify, please?

**Q:** (T) At the end of the session you spoke to Tom about his university learning and about his work and about the company that he works for and that there was a possibility of takeover in the not-too-distant future. Do you feel that Tom understood what you were talking about?

**A:** Tom understood the message given, but was resisting the information, which is his prerogative.

**Q:** (T) What about Cherie? Did she understand?

**A:** Certainly to the extent that was necessary for her level of development.

**Q:** (L) Which is?

**A:** That is a vague question. That is difficult to answer properly, please understand, we do not mean to criticize, but objectivity is necessary for progress with these sessions. When you state a question asking if a subject's level of development is sufficient, that is subjective because who is to determine what is sufficient and what isn't? All are at different levels of development. Do you understand?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Now, if the question is: "Is Cherie's level of development relative to others present, greater or lesser," the answer would naturally be lesser. Which should not be surprising because the exposure level has been lesser. The same is true for the subject referred to as Tom French. The exposure level has been to a lesser degree there, too, so therefore, naturally, the understanding level is lower, relatively speaking.

**Q:** (L) In a previous session, comments were made regarding remolecularization, and you gave us a rather cryptic remark, and I quote: "learn 4th level assembly." Could you tell us what 4th level assembly is?

**A:** That is a fragmented question. The response to the question you are referring to is adequate. However, turning it around and posing a question with no further data to compare it to is not adequate. If you would, please, we ask that you build your question up more carefully. Do you understand?

**Q:** (L) Yes, and I don't have that particular segment of the transcript in hand so I am at a loss as to how to build the question up. (T) Is that particular subject something that we can work with through the board, or is it too complex a set of answers for the board to handle?

**A:** The problem is never the method. The problem is merely caretaking in discussion, learning, or a question and answer session. For example, if one seeks an answer to a complex question, one must be patient for the absorption of information is most important and missing any part of it will cause the entire answer to be misunderstood or incomplete. Therefore, any method can be used for receiving knowledge about complicated issues, however, patience is the key, otherwise the information will not be properly absorbed.

**Q:** (L) We have been looking to make contact with a fourth density individual as we were advised and we would like to know if there are any specific ways or means that we can go about seeking out this individual, and how would we recognize said individual if we found them?

**A:** All of that will fall into place when the situation is right for you.

**Q:** (T) At the time of that session you advised us that we needed to find this 4th density individual. Are you now saying that...

**A:** The message given was merely to prepare for eventuality. Remember, knowledge is important because it is protection. Think of it also as a foundation for progression to further knowledge and experience. Therefore, gaining of knowledge can sometimes best be facilitated by giving information which prepares one for more important events in succession, understand?

**Q:** (T) I believe so. The context of that transmission was that we were under attack and it would be best to facilitate, as I understood the information, to finding this individual. Is the level of attack not that sufficient that we need an immediate intervention by this individual, but that the timing will come on its own, in the future, as we reference time, that this individual will contact us?

**A:** All of that statement was correct with the exception of the very last part. The individual is not necessarily going to contact you. Most important element of the experience has been the foundation that the original statement allowed. In other words, you are now prepared for the eventual meeting of one of a 4th density STO nature, and because the information was given, you are, in fact, aware of the possibility of this occurring. Therefore, you are more on the look-out for those individuals who may fit that profile, and they are prevalent in your midst, though you were not fully aware of that prior to the information being given.

**Q:** (L) Are these 4th density STO individuals what is currently being talked about in many circles as "angels?"

**A:** Incorrect.

**Q:** (L) Are there, as is being talked about widely, such beings as "angels?"

**A:** Yes, but they are not of the 4th density.

**Q:** (L) What is an angel?

**A:** Sixth density light being in service to others.

**Q:** (L) Do they appear as humans?

**A:** May appear as a human projection.

**Q:** (L) Are they appearing as often as it is conjectured they are at this time period?

**A:** That is a vague question.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible for other density STS beings to appear as and project themselves as angels and to be misnamed or mistaken for angels?

**A:** Certainly.

**Q:** (L) Is this happening to a certain extent?

**A:** Very likely. Deception is part of any and all processes directed toward the manipulation of others for purposes of self gain. And, as we have warned, those of the 4th density service to self nature are interested solely in their own advancement, gain or condition, and will facilitate any and all processes which will further this cause including deception of the nature described.

**Q:** (T) Going back with the 4th density beings that we are interacting with without knowing it yet, now that we are becoming aware of it. Can I be right in the assumption that because they are aware of us which you indicated in that session, and what you have said so far this evening about them, that even though we may not be interacting directly with them, they are, in fact, helping us without our knowing it?

**A:** Who said that you are not interacting with them directly?

**Q:** (T) Okay, let me phrase that dif... (J) We are interact... (T) We are not aware that we are interacting with 4th density beings, we still see them as just humans cause we don't know which one... (J) We don't recognize... (T) We don't recognize them yet. Can I assume that they, if necessary, they are assisting us already?

**A:** Think carefully, now, do you really not recognize them?

**Q:** (T) Well, I am trying to become more aware of the people I interact with on a daily basis.

**A:** Are you not more aware already?

**Q:** (L) What's the criteria for being a 4th density STO being? (J) Yeah, what's the profile? You mentioned profile before.

**A:** It depends on what your definition of profile is.

**Q:** (J) Profile would be a list of criteria, a checklist, if you will. (L) What do they look like, are they this tall, or ... (T) Do they look like that? (L) Do they have any special abilities in manipulating 3rd density reality...

**A:** Perhaps so, but there may be restrictions as to use of such.

**Q:** (L) Why would there be restrictions? (J) 4th and 5th...

**A:** Service to Others orientation means service to others. Usage of unusual powers or abilities, if you will, can cause disruption to those who do not possess these powers or abilities. Also, remember, a 4th density being inhabiting 3rd density, is not inhabiting their own density level, therefore they are in, if you will, foreign territory, which requires, for many reasons which will not be completely described here, that they do not do anything that brings attention to themselves.

**Q:** (J) You have also said that about 4th density STOs it is difficult for them to maintain in 3rd density. (T) No, STS. (L) STS. (J) What's the difference?

**A:** The difference is an STO orientation tends to expand one's state of being, STS tends to contract one's state of being.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that association with this kind of person can be expanding to the individuals associating with same?

**A:** Well, that is true, but that is not what the statement meant.

**Q:** (L) I know, I was just taking it a little further. And, association with an STS... (T) Now, you say we are already interacting with these 4th density beings?

**A:** Statement...

**Q:** (J) And that we may be aware of it...

**A:** Statement was rather a question, do you feel that you are not interacting with 4th density STO individuals? It was a rhetorical question demanding reflection on your part. Your statements in return indicated the possibility did exist that you were. That was all.

**Q:** (L) Okay. The possibility does exist and this is just to make us aware and keep our eyes open. (J) Can you give us any kind of an indication of a way to recognize such beings?

**A:** No, what we ask you to do now is ask yourself, and you may use us as a, if you will, sounding board for your discussion, to determine how one may recognize a 4th density STO individual, which will help you to learn, which will help you to progress, and so on.

**Q:** (L) Would a 4th denstiy STO being be someone who was born in this density in the normal way?

**A:** You are still asking a question. What we are asking you to do instead is ask yourselves, discuss and come up with the answer.

**Q:** (T) Well, a Service to Others Being would be someone who is, first off, in service to others. That would be a major indicator.

**A:** Correct. This is the correct way to go about discovering the answer to this question rather than demanding all of the answers of us. You have the capabilities to pull the answers from within. We are more than happy to assist, but out goal is to help you strengthen yourselves for future use, if you will. It all helps one to advance and progress. All there is is lessons. It's all learning. Therefore, the quickest, the strongest way to learn is to use your own capabilities to that end. Asking us questions is certainly permitted, and helpful, but trying to seek all of the information from this particular source, in the long run, may be detrimental. Now, if you will continue, please...

**Q:** (L) Well, my idea was that a STO individual would not be someone who was born in the normal way because there would be too great a risk of such an individual losing themselves in the illusion. Therefore, my thought is that a STO being would be somebody who had, maybe, some mystery about their past; or some...

(J) How would we even know that unless we were standing there when they were born or not born...

(T) We have to consider what we would observe...

(L) Well, maybe they would be somebody who wouldn't talk about their childhood?

(T) Not even that... in a group setting or a passing acquaintance we would have to be aware of how they act. How they speak. What kind of compassion they show...

(J) What kind of feeling you get from them...

(T) Yes, it wouldn't so much be a physical thing as an awareness... a connection.

(L) But, on the other hand the thing about feeling is that negative entities can counterfeit feelings or control your feelings and they might induce a negative feeling when you are in the presence of a positive individual just to throw you off track. That would be entirely part of the deception process, wouldn't you think? I mean, we all know...

(J) It's been that way...

(T) But it's something we have to learn account... that's part of the learning process.

(L) So, we can't just say that we could feel it...

(T) Who have you interacted with in the last six months who was outward going, caring giving, offering to do things, to go places, to... to...

(L) Well, just the members of this group as far as I can see and that is limited in many ways...

(J) Yeah, that's true...

(T) Well, maybe one of us is the being. Maybe one of us is a fourth density being.

(L) Well, don't you think we would know it?

(J) No...

(T) Not really. Not if one of us is a fourth density being and has decided that it is not yet time to enter into the dialogue.

(J) Could it not even be...

(T) We have to...

(J) that they are not aware of it?

(T) They are aware ...remember, the Cassiopaeans told us that they are aware of us... they know about us already as a group... they know what we are doing. Maybe not all of them, but those who we need to talk with or need to know already know about us.

(L) Well, in general, I have to say that most of the people I have interacted with in the last year or two have been one experience after another of...

(J) Pure STS...

(L) Yeah. I mean, it has been like a learning thing for me to go and...

(T) Who of those people has offered to do something for you as opposed to taking from you? We are not looking at a whole lot of beings. We are looking at maybe one or two out of the total number that are here that are going to assist us. Or, that we can go to for assistance...

(L) I can't say anybody outside the group. I mean, there have been people who have offered to do this or that, but the price they expected me to pay was a little too high or I found out that they were not telling the truth...

(J) Well, then, that is obviously...

(L) I assume that people mean what they say and...

(T) Let me ask a question... do all 4th density beings that are here on the planet at this time know that they are 4th density beings? Are they aware of who they are and what they are?

**A:** Well, that is an interesting question because it leads to another question: Are all 4th density STO beings of the same nature, physically, psychically, spiritually, et cetera?

**Q:** (J) In other words, is there a connection?

**A:** No, that is not the point being given. The point being given is: Are they all of the same orientation? Or is it possible that they are of different orientation?

**Q:** (T) Orientation... how so?

**A:** Physical nature, spiritual nature, psychic nature, awareness of self and destiny?

**Q:** (T) Just off the top of my head I would have to say that no, they would all be different because they are all different beings to begin with.

(L) So, they could be short and dark, tall and blond...

(J) I don't think that physicality has anything to do with it...

(T) One of the things I have always felt is that when we are dealing with, in this case, the being we were told to be looking out for was an Orion...

(L) Nordic type...

(J) No, we said Nordic...

(T) When you speak of Orions in New Age and Ufology circles, they automatically flash on the Nordic type... the Aryan, blue-eyed blonde. But that is not necessarily what all Orions look like... that would only be one manifestation. They will not all look the same... they will not look like Semjase from the Pleiadians... they are not all going to look like Fabio, or something because they are going to try to blend into human society across the planet... they can't all look alike. I had a thought that they not only would not look all the same in that type of physical nature, but they would also look different ages in order to blend into whatever setting they were using. In other words, they could be 95 years old or look 95 years old if that is where they felt they needed to be... in finding out who they were. Am I anywhere close to an idea here?

**A:** Now, the point of our response a while back was to make you aware of the tools that you possess for discovering the answer or answers to your question or questions regarding awareness and identification of 4th density STO beings in your midst, or the possibility of same. And, we have observed that you have made some small progress toward that end. However, one problem that has, if you will, cropped up, is that you have now scattered or separated into two divergent thought patterns on the same subject. We suggest that you reorient yourselves so that your questions, goals or objectives to be answered are one and the same.

**Q:** (T) Okay. (J) Well, we started off asking are all of them aware of state and then we went off into what do they look like and how to recognize them... (T) Well, physically, I believe that they would all look different in order to blend. They can't all be the same. (SV) Would they be aware that they are a 4th density being? (J) Yeah, that's, that's... (T) Awareness, the Cassiopaeans have indicated that the awareness may be at different levels.

**A:** Maybe at different levels, but, more importantly, the orientation of a 4th density STO being or beings may be of a different nature.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean orientation not in terms of STO versus STS, but orientation regarding what?

**A:** Nature of physicality, spirituality, psychic ability or awareness.

**Q:** (L) So, orientation means that they could be a Baptist... (T) A Moslem, catholic...

**A:** Incorrect...

**Q:** (T) Spiritual attainment levels... they may be very psychic or they may not be psychic at all...

**A:** No. You are on the wrong path...

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by orientation?

**A:** Nature of being, physically, spiritually, psychically...

**Q:** (J) They might not be human?

**A:** That is one possibility. But, there are many others. And, the subject matter, or the definition of subject matters can be a cross reference. For example have you not heard of the popular written work by one referred to as Ruth Montgomery, known as "Strangers Among Us."

**Q:** (T) Yes.

**A:** And what does that written work detail?

**Q:** (L) Isn't that the one that is about "Walk-Ins?" (J) I was just going to ask about walk-ins. (SV) No, that's different. (T) No, it's not about walk-ins. (SV) This is about aliens that are here, living amongst us... it could be the butcher, the cashier... I read it so long ago... (T) There's a series of them; she has five or six books.

**A:** You have the written works confused.

**Q:** (L) Which one is this?

**A:** Strangers among us refers to the phenomenon identified by Ruth Montgomery as "Walk-Ins."

**Q:** (L) But, you have said in previous sessions that this rarely occurs.

**A:** Rare is relative.

**Q:** (SV) Ruth Montgomery also said that sometimes walk-ins don't realize who or what they are.

**A:** Rare also may be transitory in nature.

**Q:** (J) You mean walk in and walk back out again?

**A:** No. Frequency is not necessarily static according to the time line, as you measure time.

**Q:** (T) I have not done a lot of research on walk-ins, what is the definition of a walk-in?

**A:** A walk-in, as described by Ruth Montgomery, is a soul that has chosen to take over the body that was vacated by another soul that has chosen, at some level of awareness, to depart for varying reasons. In this way, a higher level entity can enter into the body that was previously occupied by a different level entity, in the form of a soul, that is to say.

**Q:** (T) A fourth level soul can then enter the body of a third level?

**A:** Or perhaps a fourth level soul... remember, as we have described to you before, levels one through four, more appropriately density levels one through four, all involve short wave cycle recycling, or, as you refer to it, reincarnation. Because, each and every one of these density levels has a soul and a physical body marriage, as it were, in progressive life experiences. Each and every one of these density levels involves movement to the fifth level of density for contemplation during the cycling process. It is level six, which is the first level where short wave cycle recycling is no longer necessary because there is no more physical orientation. Therefore, all levels, one through four have a soul reflection of the physical body at all times when in physical state. And, therefore, reincarnation of various types, is at various points on the short wave cycle always possible, and, in fact, quite probable. Do you understand?

**Q:** (T) Somewhat. That's a lot to digest. (J) So, physicality is involved in levels one through four short wave recycling. (L) So, this means that a fourth density being can recycle through fifth density into a third density body?

**A:** That is one method that can be used, yes.

**Q:** (L) Can it also be that they can come directly from fourth density into a third density body, just as one of the options?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) As a walk in. (L) And either could be considered a walk in?

**A:** That is correct.

**Q:** (T) I'm going off on a tangent on what we have been discussing here... what happens to the soul that's in the body that the walk in takes over? Where does that go?

**A:** Most likely to the fifth level for recycling and contemplation.

**Q:** (T) And then returns?

**A:** Returns, yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words it would behoove us to get this book, reread it to get a clue here... is this advisable?

**A:** That, of course, is up to you.

**Q:** (L) We can't keep him under much longer... (T) To be aware of a fourth density being...

**A:** This is putting the subject under physical stress, more than in most circumstances.

**Q:** (T) Can any of us be put into a trance under these conditions so that you can use us as a vehicle?

**A:** That is certainly possible but there are varying degrees of difficulty depending on the individual being used.

**Q:** (T) Would I make a good relief subject?

**A:** Again, we ask you to please try to refrain from subjective sequence questions as it is nearly impossible for us to give adequate answers.

**Q:** (T) I guess it is something we would learn ourselves by trying it. (J) That's right. (L) Okay, we'll get this book and find out what we can from there... (T) Has anybody else encountered anyone that they have felt an infinity toward who seems to be an open and giving person? (SV) I find many people that... (J) I had an interesting conversation today with Mary B... (T) We had an interesting experience with Brad today... (L) I would like to ask about Victor before we wrap it up. At any point in time, were Frank and I in any danger?

**A:** Please, be more specific.

**Q:** (L) At any point in time was there any danger of Frank or I being attacked, attached, or in any way molested by the entity that was attached to or attacking Victor?

**A:** Well, this possibly would be a danger under normal circumstances, however the knowledge that you have already gained through contact and communication with us as well as your own efforts makes it less of a danger for you than perhaps most others. But, it certainly is true, that there was some interaction there which possibly could have proved to have been less than desirable in its results.

**Q:** (L) Is there any further attachment of that nature or of that order with this individual, Victor?

**A:** It certainly is a possibility.

**Q:** (L) If I did another session with him, would it be safe to have observers who do not have the knowledge I have?

**A:** Well, again, we regret having to continue to answer questions with what you may believe are evasive maneuvers, but it is important to have clarity when discussing matters such as this, and therefore, we must ask that you please try to be as specific as possible when asking the questions. For example, when you say: "Is it safe to have observers," this implies that if there is a lack of safety present, there may be a calamity of some sort resulting from this, and then one must ask what sort of calamity is acceptable and what sort is not. This is why we ask that you please be specific. And, we are not trying to irritate you, merely trying to help.

**Q:** (L) Alright, specifically: Does Victor M. have another heavy duty attachment like the one we dealt with the other night?

**A:** It is certainly possible that the one you describe as Victor M. may indeed have entities around him that could be described as attachments.

**Q:** (L) And, if I do another release with him... (T) Would it be wise for her to have someone else there in case it gets out of hand again? (J) If you feel the necessity for it, then do it...

**A:** Well, all we offer to this subject is that, perhaps it would be wise for more care to be taken in matters such as this when possibilities do exist for complications, than has been taken up to this point. That is probably the best way to answer that question, as we do not wish to hinder development and experience or to improperly steer experience when it is necessary for development. But, it possibly could be helpful to suggest more caution.

**Q:** (T) A point to be taken: now that you are aware of what could happen... (J) Exactly... (T) that you know now what's... (J) Exactly... (T) that things are getting more intense with these spirit release sessions, especially you know that it would behoove you to have someone else there that is awake and conscious... someone, in addition... don't do it alone anymore... (J) Yes, definitely... (T) And make sure that the person who is with you knows what is going on... (L) And that is going to be the tough one because there are very few people who know what the heck is going on... (T) Knowledge protects... (L) I mean, the only people who have a clue in this area are the people in this room... (T) You knew this was coming by the way things had been going and this was the one that really did it. (J) It was good... (T) You need to have someone else in the room with you. (L) Is this...

**A:** Let us stop you right there. Do you not see how discussion, and, as we have frequently referred to it, "Networking," is an extremely valuable tool.

**Q:** (L) Now, it does seem to me, that through no real drive on my own part, I have been moved like a chess piece throughout my life, to the point where, at various intervals, I have interacted with spiritual entities. And each interaction has been progressively more complex than the previous interaction. And, it seems that a lot of this has led up to doing the exorcism and spirit release work. Now, during that particular session, it occurred to me that this is really kind of an unpleasant work, and at the same time I understand that not many people can do it. It scares me. I am just wondering if this is something I continue doing or is it okay if I just quit!? (T) That's up to you... (J) Up to you, Laura... (T) What we are doing here, even though the effects that have been described as the culmination of the work, its ongoing in other places, it isn't going to happen for many years. But, the learning process had to start some time. This learning process might be very important in the coming times... (L) You mean doing spirit release? (J) Yes... (T) Not only the spirit release, but the channeling... to start doing this on down the road would probably be too late... it's going to take several years to really understand what is going on and be able to handle oneself in the situations that may arise...

**A:** The most notable comment we have is that we are happy to see discussion progressing more freely... and what a tremendous amount of learning takes place in interaction and sharing of ideas, notions, feelings. It does tend to advance learning and also a more grooved type of learning, and we have talked about "grooving" before indicating a channel or a pathway which leads more clearly to a desired goal, and therefore, we are pleased to see this progress being made and hope that our participation has helped to facilitate this process.

**Q:** (J) We're learning. (T) Your participation is what has made it possible for this learning. (J) I see you as a facilitator. (SV) One thing that Laura said about her fear during the exorcism the other night. It was fear that opened Victor up to attack. If she experiences fear would this also open her up to the same sort of attack?

**A:** That is a vague complex of ideas...

**Q:** (J) She had awareness along with the fear. Victor did not have awareness and I think that is the difference. (L) I hope so. (T) The point is, you have now reached the point where you know you cannot continue doing this by yourself. (L) No. (T) The intensity is getting physically dangerous. The last thing you need is to have the cops knocking on the door or kicking the door in and finding bodies laying around! But, the work you are doing is important... it helps other people. The subject is not going to be aware of what is happening. (L) They are helpless... (T) But, the people you are going to have to involve in this from here out are going to have to be aware of what they are getting into. They have to know the level of intensity, the severity of what is going on and the implied danger. (J) Yeah, and aside from the people in this room, how many know that? (T) Opening up people's subconscious and letting it out... you never know what's going to come crawling out of there. (J) Yeah... it's opening up Pandora's box every time! (T) What happens the next time you do this with a subject and the subject turns out to be an STS walk in that doesn't know what they are yet? (L) Ouch. (T) What do you do with that? You don't want to be alone with it. And, Frank, in a trance state, unable to defend himself physically, and have something like that come crawling out. (L) You're right. It can't be done like that again, but there is so much need right... I think we have to bring Frank up here. We want to thank you for your presence tonight unless you have something further to say.

**A:** Not unless you have further questions.

**Q:** (L) Well, we have plenty of questions but Frank has been down long enough and we have to bring him up. We would like you to leave some positive effects, perhaps in the form of suggestions, for his well-being.

**A:** We would suggest that you be aware of the fact that the subject is the channel and, as such, we are in constant communication with each other, as it were. This we have told you before, therefore, you need not worry about the course of destiny of this particular subject. Do you understand?

**Q:** (L) I understand, but I also am the one who watches him go through torments and I would like to see that alleviated for him as much as possible.

**A:** We understand your care and concern, but it may also be true that the torments are a precursor to explosive developments that would not be possible without the "torments" occurring.

**Q:** (T) We would like to thank you for your assistance.

**A:** You are most welcome.

**Q:** (L) We will release then. Good night.

END OF SESSION

