## February 25, 1995
Caryl D {woman into "color therapy}, Bill P {CD's boyfriend and New Agey type}, Tom M, Gene B {Former head of regional MUFON}, SV, Terry and Jan, Frank, Laura, Denise J, LM

{The group had been discussing a June 5, 1995 mass UFO landing predicted by purported diary of last pope, supposedly found by his cleaning lady.}

**Q:** Hello, how are you tonight?

**A:** Hello. Okay. Why not regroup. Concentrate. Too much energy. Children. Sorry. Who are we?

**Q:** {Children are sent to bed.} (T) Ask them if anyone else can sit at the board this evening?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (GB) Can I sit in there now? (T) Sure. Do they want all four of us or just three? {GB takes Terry's place at the board.}

**A:** No matter.

**Q:** (J) Who do we have with us tonight, we didn't ask.

**A:** Concentrate. Slow mental processes down. Less pressure. {GB lightens up.}

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Who are we?

**Q:** Who are you?

**A:** Cassiopaeans.

**Q:** And who do we have with us?

**A:** Pommori.

**Q:** (J) And who do we have with us tonight in 3rd density?

**A:** Unknown. 3rd density is you! And us in the "past."

**Q:** (L) Let's get on with it.

**A:** Ask who is at south position.

**Q:** (L) Who is at the South position? Oh, that's you. Yeah, that's GB, as if you didn't know. Are we playing bridge, or what?

**A:** Hello. Concentrate all in room.

**Q:** (T) What are we going to concentrate on? (L) Is anybody thinking about sex? {laughter}

**A:** Mind.

**Q:** (GB) Ask TM's question: will there be a mass landing in 1995?

**A:** Not ready to answer. Still trying to settle energy waves in room.

**Q:** (GB) Let me ask you Frank, you are the only one this comes through? (J) Well, we have not really determined that. (F) No, we haven't determined exactly what happens. It seems like I'm the, what you would call, primary channel. (TM) Can you do it by yourself without anybody else? (F) If I did do it by myself without anybody else holding it, I wouldn't trust the information. (TM) Can you do it in a meditative state? (F) Well, we have tried it with me under hypnosis and have gotten a lot of information, but again, we don't trust it because it doesn't have the participatory aspect to it. (L) This way no one really knows what is being said. It is not coming through any one person's mind. No one thinks the thoughts as they come through. (F) I have also sat at the computer and gotten a lot of stuff, but, again, I don't know how much I would trust that. (L) You never can tell how much of that is your own stuff. (F) The standard way of channeling that so many people do, has an extremely questionable validity rating. The validity level of this is also somewhat questionable, but, we have done a lot of checking and testing and, so far, it has more than satisfied all the tests we have applied. (GB) Can we do it with our eyes closed. {An experiment is attempted to see if the information will come through with all eyes closed. It is unsuccessful. Trying various combinations of eyes closed and/or open are also unsuccessful. It seems that the eyes of all participants must be open at once in order for the contact to be sustained. This agrees with the idea that it is a purely telepathic contact and not 3rd density or "poltergeist" in nature.} (L) Now, we are curious as to this channeling process, and ordinarily, when we do not have so many guests, it is quite different, and we want to know who is the primary channel here?

**A:** That is not the issue.

**Q:** (L) Is it important for us to use our senses, as in our eyes, ears and so forth, while doing this?

**A:** Of course. How else can we see the board?

**Q:** (J) They have to see the board through our eyes. (L) Could Frank do this alone?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (F) Could Laura do this alone? (T) Do you want the original three on the board?

**A:** No. Not issue.

**Q:** (J) Well, what is the issue? (T) What is the problem here?

**A:** Fractured frequency.

**Q:** (J) Why is it fractured?

**A:** Detached energy.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that there is something floating around in this room doing this?

**A:** Not certain.

**Q:** (J) What can we do to help?

**A:** Will clear eventually.

**Q:** (BP) Well, ask a question. Maybe it will clear with a question. (L) Well let me make a suggestion... Terry, you come back and sit down. GB you back up for just a little while and let's get the flow going with what they are used to and then others can cut in, so to speak. I mean, I am impatient with this method to begin with, even though I find it eminently trustworthy, and this dragging it out is getting on my nerves. (BP) Yeah, my brother-in-law pissed them off! {Changes are made.} (J) I think part of it is that we have new people present in the room and it is a great influx of new energy. (L) Now, how are we feeling?

**A:** Now, more powder. We are sorry for the delays. One in the room is under great stress.

**Q:** (L) Who is stressed?

**A:** CD.

**Q:** (L) Are you stressed? You don't look stressed to me. (CD) I don't feel stressed.

**A:** Under pressure for study.

**Q:** (BP) It's for that article you want to write. (CD) Maybe. (L) Do you have a deadline or something? (CD) Yes. But I am really not thinking about it, at least consciously.

**A:** Yes. You have been watched, CD.

**Q:** (L) By whom? (BP) CD has been watched?

**A:** Government.

**Q:** (BP) It's been nice knowing you! {laughter} (GB) Do these guys have a sense of humor? (J) Yes, as a matter of fact, they do! (T) Is this mirth, here?

**A:** No, this is not mirth.

**Q:** (BP) Why is the government watching Caryl?

**A:** Has because of writings or papers.

**Q:** (L) What are you writing? (CD) I write books. Does it have to do with the twin research? (BP) Vanishing Twin Phenomenon?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (CD) Does it have to do with the prodigies?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (CD) Does Tim C\_\_\_ have anything to do with this?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BP) Is Tim C\_\_\_ working for anyone other than himself?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) How does Tim C\_\_\_ feel about Caryl?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (T) Is he part of the problem?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (GB) Does Caryl's new paper have anything to do with it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is it about? (CD) The prodigies, people who have contacted extra-terrestrials and have become geniuses, and the Vanishing Twin Phenomenon.

**A:** Danger, this is serious!!

**Q:** (T) Is Caryl getting close to something?

**A:** She is at it!!

**Q:** (CD) What should I do? (T) Have you thought about a trip to deepest Peru? {Laughter} I could point you to some really good temples!

**A:** Serious problem, please take this seriously.

**Q:** (GB) Does Linda Howe have anything to do with it?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (CD) What can I do? (BP) Can you suggest action at this time?

**A:** Stay with others.

**Q:** (T) Don't stay alone. (CD) Does the incident Thursday night have something to do with this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (CD) Is it 4th density danger?

**A:** No. High level government, you have been striking a "nerve."

**Q:** (GB) Well, the only thing you have been talking about is the prodigies and the vanishing twins. (CD) Is it more the twins.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (CD) Does the color work have anything to do with it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (GB) Who have you been contacting? Linda Howe...

**A:** Not important, the sources are sincere but closely watched. Some of this has now transferred to you.

**Q:** (BP) Is Robin in danger?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is more than one government of more than one country involved here?

**A:** It is a complex.

**Q:** (T) Should she take the trip to England.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) They are not going to give advice other than to stay with others. (CD) The thing the other night... was I being bombarded by ELF frequencies?

**A:** All are.

**Q:** (L) All in the room?

**A:** All are.

**Q:** (BP) Are they using ELF or microwave technologies specifically to do something to Caryl?

**A:** Give maybe.

**Q:** (T) Run that by us again.

**A:** Give maybe.

**Q:** (T) They are giving us a maybe. (GB) Who in the government, which branch of the government?

**A:** It is a complex source.

**Q:** (CD) Am I in physical danger?

**A:** That is not the point. You can be harassed.

**Q:** (L) I will give you an example. We did a session for Barry and Susy Konicov and they were given a very serious warning to back off on certain activities relating to teaching people how to not pay income tax. They called us one night recently because several people they had been associated with had been raided by the IRS. The IRS had confiscated computers, jewelry, equipment, and whatever else they could lay their hands on and were basically holding these people's possessions hostage until they could determine whether or not what they were doing was illegal or whatever. Barry and Susy expected to be raided imminently. The Cassiopaens said to them that whether or not they got raided was not the point, because they had been warned. The point was, what are you going to do now? What steps are you going to take and what information are you going to accept to prevent further attack? (CD) Should I stop publishing the book?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (J) They will not tell you what to do. (CD) Will not publishing the book stop the harassment and danger?

**A:** Open. MUFON has "spies."

**Q:** (GB) So what else is new? (BP) Cannot unconditional love and faith overcome all of this?

**A:** Open. More is needed.

**Q:** (GB) Will the government relax their policy this year and release more information to the public?

**A:** Complicated question because you are making simple judgments based upon available evidence which can be interpreted a number of different ways, not just one! {I believe this answer is for BP's question about unconditional love, not GB's inserted question on another subject.}

**Q:** (TM) In a book I have been reading it specifically states that Stanton Freidman is a spy. (BP) Really? (T) That is what Bill Cooper says? (TM) I may be taking it out of context because I have not read the whole book. (T) I have heard that before. (L) Let's ask that question. Why do they need spies. Why would anyone need spies in MUFON since everything in MUFON is public?

**A:** "Double verification."

**Q:** (BP) Would you ask if Caryl is the only one in the room in danger, and, if not, who else?

**A:** Yes. But all eventually.

**Q:** (GB) Is BP in Danger?

**A:** Well, these are simplistic questions, you need more exposure to this and other sources! We know you are skeptical, but that is good for balance, also, you have much material knowledge! There is more to the phenomenon than "meets the eye."

**Q:** (GB) What is the danger? Is it mental, physical...

**A:** Complicated, also GB knows more than he is telling!

**Q:** (CD) He's the spy! {Laughter} (BP) He used to work for NASA! (F) Did you really work for the Apollo program? (GB) Oh yeah. Secret, as a consultant. (Laura and Jan) Ah hah! (BP) Could they offer general suggestions... I know they won't tell us what to do, but this is a general question for all who are anchoring light, who want to be of service, can they offer any specific suggestions for us...

**A:** STO, not just "light." {Planchette flies off board.}

**Q:** (GB) In other words, you have to do something for others. (J) You have to have... (BP) See if Caryl can sit in... {Caryl takes Terry's place.}

**A:** Hi!

**Q:** (CD) Thanks for scaring the crap out of me.

**A:** Knowledge protects, my dear.

**Q:** (BP) Is the 4th dimension to be eliminated in anyway in terms of planetary ascension. People are talking about the planet going through this big change and the 4th dimension being eliminated.

**A:** What??

**Q:** (L) We are moving into 4th density. (BP) We are not going to skip 4th density and move directly into 5th? (L) 5th is the contemplation zone. (F) Where your soul goes when you die. (L) We are going into a state of variability of physicality. (BP) I read the pamphlet... (L) Well, that is just highlights. There is over 300 pages of material. (J) We are working on getting it together. (L) They have talked about the fact that we are moving into a 4th density state and the reptilian beings are trying like heck to prevent this because, once we are in that situation, if there are enough of us who are in the STO mode...

**A:** You are all 4th density candidates.

**Q:** (L) Once we move into 4th density we are on an equal footing with all these other guys and things will be more equal. At the same time, those who are not 4th density candidates are going to cycle back and start all over again. Basically they are all going to go into the primordial soup and experience another 300,000 years of strife and misery. (BP) And this moving into 4th density will be a change in perception, rather than a change in location, in terms of space/time, is that correct? (L) Um hmm.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) I think that this is about as close as we can get with it. (CD) Is there anything else they want to tell me, or anything else I can do to be of service?

**A:** Keep quiet.

**Q:** (L) Keep quiet about what?

**A:** Two things recently learned.

**Q:** (L) Did you recently learn some things you are planning on telling the public? (BP) Anything you haven't already told? (GB) Is it in her subconscious? (CD) Is it in the article?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (CD) Is it in my newest book?

**A:** Ask yourself, CD.

**Q:** (CD) Is it in the article?

**A:** Review.

**Q:** (L) You are talking about two things recently learned here, tonight? (GB) No.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Would one of the things be the mass cattle disappearances in Oklahoma? Is that significant?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (CD) Does it have to do with Robin?

**A:** Ask yourself, CD, this is for you to know for yourself. More pressure for clean connection.

**Q:** {Laughter} (L) Well some use too much pressure and some don't use enough. (BP) There you go... They're touchy! {Laughter} No pun intended!

**A:** Cute, BP. {Laughter} Mirth!!! Knowledge protects. Now, Caryl, ask yourself, who are your true friends?

**Q:** (L) So, the connection is in there. Knowledge of who your true friends are can be protection. (CD) So, somebody who appears to be a friend is not really a friend?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (CD) Is it Robin? (L) They aren't going to tell you that. (GB) But you have suspected that all along, Caryl. (J) Ask yourself, you KNOW. (L) Have you had that feeling about this and have been ignoring it? (BP) Can you tell us anything about Jefferson S\_\_\_? Who is he really? (CD) Is Jefferson S\_\_\_ involved in this?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BP) Can you tell us anything about him? Who is he?

**A:** More than one person.

**Q:** (J) Interesting. (GB) Is he involved in the complex government? (CD) Is he involved in this danger for me?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BP) Why are you so f\_\_\_\_\_\_ non-commital? {This from the guy who was going on about "love and light"!!}

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) This Jefferson S\_\_\_, do you mean he is more than one person in a physical sense or that he has a multiple personality, or as in AKA? (BP) Multiple identities?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) What are Jefferson S\_\_\_\_'s intentions?

**A:** Varied.

**Q:** (L) What is at the root of his activity?

**A:** Won't answer.

**Q:** (L) What are his thoughts or intentions toward Caryl?

**A:** Ask that of all.

**Q:** (J) Ooh! (BP) All in this room? (CD) Is Tim Crampton working for the government?

**A:** Cannot say, "Free will."

**Q:** (GB) Why don't we get off this subject and come back to it. Give me a definition of the soul. (TM) They never answered my question... will there be a mass UFO landing?

**A:** Too many concepts in one question. Need review.

**Q:** (L) Will there be... (TM) A mass landing of UFOs this year... (J) Anywhere in the world...

**A:** Need review.

**Q:** (L) They have answered those questions before.

**A:** Breakdown your question.

**Q:** (L) Will there be a mass landing of the reptilian beings this year. (BP) Will they manifest publicly? (L) Will they land in mass?

**A:** Breakdown much further.

**Q:** (L) Will they present themselves to the world as the rulers of the planet?

**A:** Time.

**Q:** (BP) Before the end of 1995?

**A:** Don't know.

**Q:** (L) Do they have that in their plans to do that?

**A:** Laura, what have you learned?

**Q:** (L) Okay, time for me to give you folks a review. {Review of the material omitted.}

**A:** CD under too much pressure to channel effectively.

**Q:** (CD) Are you talking about the article. (L) No, I think they mean just in general. You need relief, dear. (CD) No kidding. (GB) How do you spell relief? BP. {Laughter.}

**A:** Mirth!!

**Q:** (L) On the twin question: are some groups working with the twins in STO?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (CD) Is that what is happening with the prodigies, as I term them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (CD) Am I a twin?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (CD) Is BP a twin?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Caryl's twin the one who fed her all the information on color in 1987?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank a twin?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is anyone else in this room a twin?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are there any humans involved in this project?

**A:** Minutely.

**Q:** (L) And who is, in a general sense, that is, what percentage of this phenomenon is STO?

**A:** Vague question.

**Q:** (L) What percentage of this Vanishing Twin Phenomenon...

**A:** Small.

**Q:** (GB) So the idea is that the Vanishing Twin Phenomenon is the work of the STS beings? The reptilians. (CD) A small percentage is positive. (GB) What are they gaining out of it? (L) They are making bodies for themselves.

**A:** All has exception.

**Q:** (L) So, there are exceptions. (GB) I had a very strange experience when I meditated a while back, was that positive or negative?

**A:** You have had many "strange" experiences. Would you like to share any with those present, GB?

**Q:** (TM) I think I know which one you are talking about. (L) What was the nature of that experience?

**A:** Entity reflection through curtain.

**Q:** (L) Did you experience a being or something? An energy? (GB) Was the entity reptilian that I manifested behind me? Or was this a positive or negative energy?

**A:** Both and neither.

**Q:** (L) Was this a reptilian being?

**A:** Reflection. Projection.

**Q:** (L) What was it a projection of?

**A:** Complicated?

**Q:** (L) What was the source of this projection?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (BP) I know exactly what it was! (GB) What were the loud whacks behind my chair? What did they try to tell me?

**A:** It was not a message, it was a "curtain breach."

**Q:** (J) Kind of like a dimensional sonic boom. (GB) Well, I heard a tremendous crack behind my chair when I asked for a sign. About seven large whacks on the floor. (J) Was there an entity standing behind his chair?

**A:** Yes, but again, GB has had a most interesting life, apparently he does not want to divulge this.

**Q:** (L) Well, three times they have hinted about this! {Laughter} (BP) And I thought I knew you! (TM) Yeah, he doesn't even know about it! (BP) Is GB a so-called "abductee?"

**A:** In more ways than one.

**Q:** (BP) Please clarify.

**A:** That is up to GB.

**Q:** (L) There are about 6 different kinds of abductions ranging from physical to telepathic contact and triggering.

**A:** And there are human abductions too.

**Q:** (L) You mean humans abduct people too? (J) Have humans abducted GB?

**A:** Up to GB.

**Q:** (L) Remember the gal, no names mentioned, who was supposedly hauled off by the Sasquatch. She came over to my house with bruises on the backs of her legs. Under hypnosis, she described being hauled out by the military and suggestions were implanted to make her think she had been abducted by aliens. She even perceived the truck they drove her off in as an alien craft hovering over the lake behind her house. Was GB abducted from the place on Stratford?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who abducted him at that time? And what did they do to him at that time?

**A:** Grays. Examined.

**Q:** (L) Was that his first abduction?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When was he first abducted?

**A:** Age three.

**Q:** (L) How many times has GB been abducted?

**A:** 175 times.

**Q:** (L) When was the last contact?

**A:** Last week.

**Q:** (GB) Fooled me. (J) Obviously they have. (L) They can. That is what they do. (GB) What is the agenda for abducting me?

**A:** You know a lot, don't you?

**Q:** (L) Does GB have an implant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) Where?

**A:** In the brain.

**Q:** (L) What is it composed of?

**A:** Silicon.

**Q:** (L) Who put it in?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (BP) What is its purpose?

**A:** For Lizard monitor.

**Q:** (L) Well, we have all got one, so don't feel strange. (GB) Is that right? (L) Has anybody in this room not got an implant?

**A:** LM.

**Q:** (L) Yes, well, my husband doesn't have one but that is only because he is an alligator hunter. {Laughter.} (TM) That sort of answered the question I was going to ask. (GB) So all of us have implants. {Actually, the fact that my ex-husband did NOT have an implant suggests that he didn't need one for some reason…}

**A:** This is why you are all interested in this subject.

**Q:** (TM) My next question is where is my implant?

**A:** You have two. One in brain behind sinus and one in leg bone.

**Q:** (TM) I have a suspicion that I might know when I got it, last year... I have been having nosebleeds. (GB) Well, your brain is behind your sinuses. (L) They have to go through your nose to get to your brain. (J) You may be aware of the penetration, but you are not aware of the final residence of the implant. (TM) Where was I when I got the one in my brain?

**A:** On travel sequence, in transit.

**Q:** (L) Did you travel last year? (TM) Where was I going?

**A:** In transit to some sort of gathering.

**Q:** (TM) I had in mind a particular time... I was hoping they would tell me something that would justify my suspicions.

**A:** You tell us. We see transit clearly, but it is unclear why so rapid through 3rd level. Time cycle was interrupted and we can't see clearly due to cycle block.

**Q:** (L) Did you have missing time? (TM) Not that I am aware of. In fact, I got somewhere sooner than I should have. (L) Well, that explains why they said "unclear why so rapid through 3rd level." (J) Did TM experience time acceleration?

**A:** You bet.

**Q:** (TM) What kind of vehicle was I traveling in?

**A:** Can't see due to the cycle block.

**Q:** (L) What is a cycle block?

**A:** Too complex, but it involves a dome of frequency over subject.

**Q:** (GB) In a bubble?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (BP) So, what they do is screw with our perception of time, they just yank you out, do what they do, throw you back in and if it's faster, it's faster, if it's slower, it's slower. Who gives a hoot. (L) Sloppy work.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (J) Kind of like putting people back in the wrong cars or facing the wrong end of the bed, pajamas inside out, or whatever. (BP) People have waked up in different beds, in different houses, out in the woods, whatever.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) When was the last time my wife was abducted?

**A:** Last week.

**Q:** (J) Were they both abducted at the same time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They have told us that 94% are containers for the Lizzies to use. (BP) 94% of the population of the planet?! (GB) Let me get back to my wife. When we were both abducted together, was it a physical or other abduction?

**A:** Soul abduction.

**Q:** (L) Did it occur during the night while they were sleeping?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) What did they do during the soul abduction, what was the purpose?

**A:** Knowledge review.

**Q:** (GB) For what benefit? (J) Who reviewed the knowledge?

**A:** Lizards, of course.

**Q:** (J) It was like a download. (L) Now, if they had discovered that GB and his wife had knowledge... that is, is there any knowledge that they might find during a review that might cause them to stop the abduction?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are there any people, who, by virtue of their knowledge, do not get abducted?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (GB) Is this to elevate our knowledge, or to monitor our knowledge?

**A:** Both, but mostly monitor.

**Q:** (L) How could being abducted by the STS beings increase our knowledge?

**A:** Accidentally.

**Q:** (L) How would this be done accidentally?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, they may abduct someone to monitor their knowledge, but if the individual has achieved a certain level of knowledge, the abduction only serves to add to their knowledge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BP) What is the Lizard's Achilles heel?

**A:** STS. As in "wishful thinking" which blocks knowledge.

**Q:** (J) Their singular preoccupation with service to self blocks them from being able to move from 4th level.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TM) Do they want to... (J) No they are happy there... they want to stay there forever and control, and consume, and have a good time. (BP) It is like finding a place with really good food, a great place to live, great sex, everything you like, you would want to stay there. (TM) Don't a lot of us like the idea of staying in the 3rd level forever?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BP) Under the control of the Lizards! (F) But, you only want to stay in 3rd level forever if you are focused on STS. (TM) Yeah, but there are a lot of people on this earth who want the physical world. (J) It's physicality. (L) They like to consume, because that is the essence of this 3rd density reality, consumption. By being here you must consume. (GB) Is this message given to us tonight, from 6th density beings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) Do you have power over 4th density Lizard beings?

**A:** That is not the issue. We choose STO.

**Q:** (L) STO beings do not exert power over anyone, they only serve all. When STS beings call for knowledge and have raised their frequency levels, which can be done while still remaining STS, the only place in the universe they will obtain knowledge is from STO beings, even though they may use this knowledge to serve themselves. STS beings won't GIVE knowledge, because that is STO. (GB) Do the Lizzies have souls?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BP) Were the Mayans an STS civilization?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Why did they engage in human sacrifice and so forth?

**A:** They did not.

**Q:** (BP) They did not?! (L) I think that's an archaeological fallacy. (TM) Yes. (BP) Isn't that fascinating! (TM) I am going to be looking into that in the next couple of months. (L) You ain't heard nothin' yet! (TM) Wasn't there another group... the Toltecs, were they the ones who engaged in human sacrifice?

**A:** At some point.

**Q:** (GB) Does my wife have an implant in her now? (L) You know the answer to that, GB.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TM) I would like to find out the purpose of my implant?

**A:** Monitor.

**Q:** (J) Do I have an implant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Where is it?

**A:** This is getting redundant.

**Q:** (BP) Would it be helpful in STO to be able to rid ourselves of these implants?

**A:** Do you wish to get a quick ticket to level 5?

**Q:** {Laughter} (BP) Yes! That's exactly what I was thinking. I want to get the hell out of here. (J) That would do it, I guess! (GB) Ask and you shall receive!

**A:** Do you, BP, know what level 5 is?

**Q:** {Laughter.} (BP) I thought I did! (TM) Be careful! (L) It's death. (BP) The intent behind the question was to become stronger in STO. (L) What they have told us on the implant question is...

**A:** You are an STO Candidate.

**Q:** (J) You are already on the path, so don't worry about. (L) Terry had the idea that we should use their implants against them and blow their circuits. We were told that the thing to do is to simply not manifest the thoughts and feelings they like. This has happened to a peripheral person here. She was supposed to be at the meeting today but she called and left a message saying that she had gotten a psychic message that she was not to go and meet us there. I called her when I got home and told her what a great meeting she had missed. She called me back ten minutes later telling me I had a lot of nerve putting her down and trampling all over her feelings. I was quite taken aback. The Lizzies are really working on her hard and are making her emotionally unstable, and making her receive everything positive in a negative way. As long as you KNOW that they are going to play with your head and your emotions, if you know that this is not YOU, but head games from outside, then you don't have to own it. It isn't yours. We don't have to buy into these negative perceptions. (F) Part of the disinformation tells us that we are totally in control of our own ship, our own minds, everything that happens to us, create your own reality and so forth. So, when negative things happen or we think negative thoughts, we either believe them or think that we are trying to destroy our own selves. (GB) Are all in this room 4th density STO Candidates?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (GB) Am I?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BP) Am I?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Am I?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) is Caryl?

**A:** Sure. TM has a minor liver problem.

**Q:** (BP) How are we getting additional DNA? How is it developing? (L) The planet is being bombarded with the effects of this oncoming wave. (F) It was described to us as similar to a sea wave. (L) Yes, and we were told that when it hits it is going to be like a psychic thermonuclear explosion. I said, well, that sounds pleasant... we're all gonna blow up! (BP) Maybe you are too literal for them. (GB) BP, why don't you try the board now? Can we receive this information through meditation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (GB) By asking for the light to come in first?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) But watch the rituals. (GB) Does meditation increase...

**A:** Rituals restrict.

**Q:** (GB) Does meditation increase the DNA changing process?

**A:** Overall, if repetitive.

**Q:** (L) If you do it regularly. (GB) How often? (L) Every day or as often as you can do it effortlessly. (TM) Is Denise an STO candidate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Another thing is that physical problems can come with DNA changes. (TM) I am experiencing a mild headache. Is this coming from what we are doing right now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (CD) I want to know if the information I learned that they warned me about had to do with Collette?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (CD) What about Beverly?

**A:** Please discover, that is how you learn.

**Q:** (GB) Why is Frank given this ability to tap into the energy of the 6th density?

**A:** Not correct concept. Frank's abilities are not unique.

**Q:** (BP) Are you also transmitting through CLT in Los Angeles?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Is she in contact with you?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BP) Is the work of Carlos Castaneda historically accurate as far as what he says about Don Juan?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Cool! (BP) Are all members of my immediate biological family implanted?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Is my perception that my STO is primarily as a healer correct?

**A:** You are still STS, like all humans.

**Q:** (J) We are human, therefore STS, but we are STO candidates. (T) 3rd density beings are STS. (CD) Is BP's special gift as a healer?

**A:** One of them.

**Q:** (L) Ask if Reiki will enhance his healing abilities?

**A:** Of course, as always.

**Q:** (L) Reiki will boost your healing abilities 50% instantly. (GB) Could you explain the process of the soul?

**A:** Soul is consciousness, period.

**Q:** (BP) Who is M\_\_ H\_\_?

**A:** True STO.

**Q:** (J) True STO? Wow! (L) Who is M\_\_ H\_\_? (BP) Is she a 5th density walk-in?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Where does she live? (L) Who is this person? (T) Is there more besides just a yes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, continue.

**A:** Exactly!!

**Q:** (L) Who is M\_\_ H\_\_? (BP) Damn! I took a trip with Reynaldo T\_\_\_, I met M\_\_ there and we were thrown together in an obvious sort of Celestine Prophecy sort of way, you know, like hit me over the head. And we did this thing at the sacrificial well in Chichen Itza that was apparently some kind of cleansing, because, according to the archaeological inaccuracies, that is where the people were all sacrificed. Maybe they weren't sacrificed, maybe they were volunteers. (L) Maybe it was a different culture altogether. (BP) Yes, because we don't know who all was there. The Mayans may have been long gone. Anyway, we did some sort of healing there and afterward M\_\_ told me a lot of stuff about who she was: on January 11, 1991 she was an ordinary person, she was driving down the road in her car and she felt a presence in her car that turned out to be Jesus Christ. She was taken out of her body, her life was reviewed for her, she was taken to 5th density, which she says is what we know as heaven, and after about 20 minutes or so, she returned as, apparently, someone else. She became very psychic and started having all these experiences. Classic walk-in story. Among other things she says now her body is silicone based and that she is here to anchor a certain energy. My feeling was that, well, I was bouncing back and forth between feeling that this was a demented housewife or an f\_\_\_\_\_\_ angel walking on the planet. That was my reaction. I sort of fell in love with her except that I wasn't physically attracted to her. She did some work on me. I didn't feel a thing. We spent 6 days in each other's company. So, I have been rather curious. And then, Caryl just sort of blew up in the middle of it. And it was so obvious to me that I had to follow my spirit in that direction and that was what I was supposed to do. It didn't feel like STS, but who knows? M\_\_ reacted extremely negatively. We had not consummated the relationship. She is still living with her husband who won't touch her, who thinks she is crazy, he is total 3rd density. She hadn't been able to get out of that situation. She is way into some weird stuff. (L) Well, M\_\_ may be pure STO, but she may not be fully manifested in the body. (BP) Yeah, she says she is having a lot of trouble anchoring here. (L) My thought is that a lot of us are actually 4th density beings who have come back down to serve. (BP) We are all multi-dimensional masters playing at limitation. (BP) Who is Reynaldo T\_\_\_?

**A:** In what respect?

**Q:** (BP) Is he a Gray experiment gone awry?

**A:** No such thing.

**Q:** (BP) Is Caryl's assessment of him correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (BP) Is what he is teaching in terms of healing accurate?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (TM) I have a close friend who had a personal experience with him... (BP) Was it a female? (TM) Yes. (BP) Yeah, it happens all the time... {laughter}

**A:** Cute.

**Q:** (L) Ask if M\_\_ H\_\_ fully manifested as a 5th density STO being?

**A:** Define.

**Q:** (L) Is she doing her work as she is supposed to?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (BP) Does she know clearly who she is?

**A:** No, not yet?

**Q:** (BP) Will she find out in Hawaii?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (CD) Has BP fulfilled his interaction with her?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BP) Can I be of any further service to M\_\_?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (GB) Can they manifest a sighting to us individually or as a group of any density?

**A:** Now, this is an interesting question with many answers. You can manifest sightings any time. But, the question is, how?

**Q:** (BP) Tell us how.

**A:** Meditation. Grays craft over Land O' Lakes tonight.

**Q:** (T) Are they coming this way?

**A:** Open. Why don't you ever have someone watching over this house during sessions?

**Q:** (T) That's a very good question. We have thought about it but nobody ever wants to be the one to do it. (BP) Well, if it was just one person out there, for God's sake, they could put a rope on 'em... (L) My neighbors already want to burn crosses on my lawn... (BP) Are we calling in physical danger by seeking to interact with these craft?

**A:** Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (GB) What is the knowledge that protects. (J) You are in danger if you are not aware... (BP) I say let's go to Land O' Lakes. (LM) How can knowledge protect you? They can zap you and suck you up in a light beam... (J) They are doing it all the time anyway.

**A:** Only if ignorant.

**Q:** (LM) You mean if a tractor beam comes out of a ship and you know it is a tractor beam, it can't get you? (L) You have to understand you are dealing with 4th density beings. (BP) Is a reasonable motive in seeking interaction with these craft the desire to confirm the validity of what you are transmitting to us?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (J) GB went out to look. (T) I didn't know you could see Land O' Lakes from here. (LM) If it is 5 miles high it's easy. (F) The very first time we did anything with this, a whole UFO flap started in the area. (J) Well, one transcript said that there was a craft over the house at that moment. Why wasn't there an immediate stampede for the door? (L) I didn't want to see anything. (GB) I just went out there and I didn't see anything. (BP) Is it necessary through meditation or other methods, to raise one's frequency in order to see these craft? Are they always around?

**A:** Close. Not "Raise," change.

{Everyone got up and went outside, tape was turned off and not turned back on.}

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Open.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Why didn't you see the first person?

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Two.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Head, brain stem and behind eye.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Funny.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No, not important.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** If you make it to level 4 it will not matter.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** So what?

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Missing time.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Light flash.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Michelle.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Sure, why not?

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Mirth.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** You are screwing around with us.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Lizards are always present on level 4.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Close.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Open.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Roommate was zoned out.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** STS.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Open.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Subjective.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Discover, ie: learn. Learning is how you progress.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Senses.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Close.

**Q:** {Lost}

**A:** Open.

{Tape recorder turned back on.}

**Q:** (TM) I have a friend by the name of L\_\_ and I wonder if it is good for me to spend time with him?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (TM) Who is L\_\_ H\_\_?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (TM) What I am trying to find out is if it is good to be around this person.

**A:** Those are personal questions. There will be a terrorist attack in the U.S. month; bomb.

**Q:** (T) There is going to be a terrorist attack in the United States in a month?

**A:** Yes!!! {planchette flies off board}

**Q:** (T) In a month?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Where in the United States?

**A:** Washington D.C.

**Q:** (T) Well, they filed bankruptcy now they are going to blow it up and collect the insurance.

**A:** Trial ongoing.

**Q:** (BP) O.J.? (TM) Oh, that's because of the terrorist trial? (T) Yes, the terrorist trial in New York. (TM) Yes, they are guarding Wall Street heavily because they are threatening to blow that up. (J) Oh, okay. (BP) Is the CIA or the FBI involved in this terrorist bombing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Do they know about it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Is it Moslem terrorists?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BP) Are we talking about a nuclear bomb?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) We should be so lucky. (J) Can you pinpoint where the bomb is going to be in Washington? (BP) Congress?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Will it be in the Capitol?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Will it be in the White House?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BP) Will it be in a federal office building?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (BP) So, it is variable as to whether it will be successful or not as well as other aspects?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Do the authorities have an idea that this is going to happen yet?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) Some authorities or some idea?

**A:** Idea.

**Q:** (GB) Any further predictions?

**A:** Amtrak derailment in Long Island or Chicago. Near one or the other by June.

**Q:** (L) Is this going to be a deliberate act?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why are the two locations so widely separated?

**A:** Indefinite.

**Q:** (L) So, it is like an amorphous event that hasn't firmed up yet. (GB) Any more predictions?

**A:** One person here will be in a minor car accident by April. Think GB or TM. There will be a storm in Mid U.S. next month; lives lost 191; Missouri area likely.

END OF SESSION

