## August 5, 1995
I've been remiss in getting the sessions up in order due to being so busy, but due to a question about DMSO in another thread, thought I would put up the one where that was discussed out of sequence.

The main thing to note about this session is that it was direct channeling with "Frank". He was hypnotized and all answers came through him alone. As we know from later events, this makes the information in this session questionable. This does not mean that everything that ever came this way is wrong, but it all needs to be looked at with the question: "could there be a reason to skew the answer?" I think it will be obvious, as was the case with all of the direct channeling sessions, that there was a tendency to be circuitous and even obfuscatory in the mode of answering. I will place any further notes in {curly brackets}.

I skipped transcribing the induction. There was no introduction giving a contact "name" as is usual in all other sessions.

Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) S\_\_ has some questions about a real estate purchase she wishes to make. May we ask questions related to this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the house that S\_\_ is considering buying, located at {address deleted}, as good a deal as it seems to be in terms of price.

**A:** That is subjective. Subjective reasoning is involved.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything being hidden by the seller that needs to be looked into?

**A:** The seller's main concern is profit. Also there is some mechanism involved with the transfer which may tend to maximize profit for the seller. This has to do with time, calendar dates.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything further that you can give us on that which would help S\_\_ to settle down and relax a little?

**A:** The problem is not with the buyer, its a situation where the seller can make the sale and either realize a larger profit or a smaller profit within the same purchase price structure. So, therefore, the buyer is unaffected.

**Q:** (L) So, the seller has a deadline to meet to maximize his profit?

**A:** Yes. The sale is unaffected from the standpoint of the buyer, either way.

**Q:** (L) So S\_\_ can safely participate in the closing and not be concerned about the seller's issues?

**A:** Absolutely correct. The perception of deceit pertains to maneuverings of the seller to create maximum profit potential, which is NOT contingent on the buyer.

**Q:** (S) Is the house sound? It's not infested with termites or radon gas or anything, is it?

**A:** That is quite a venue. These are subjective questions to an extent. It certainly should not be expected to collapse.

{Note here that questions about termites or radon gas are NOT "subjective". I felt that this was evasion of the question.}

**Q:** (L) S\_\_ had another question regarding another issue...

**A:** S\_\_ has many questions and needs to ask them herself.

**Q:** (S) Okay. This is concerning my birth date and place. On my adoption papers I was told one birth date...

**A:** Did you not want to ask further questions about the property you are preparing to purchase?

**Q:** (S) Of course! But I don't want to wear out the subject.

**A:** There is no possibility of wearing out the subject.

{This struck me as an odd answer since it had already been said that questions about the house were "subjective". }

**Q:** (S) Laura and I have a lot of plans for this house. We want to hold classes... some of the things we plan ... such as spirit release... this energy won't hang around the house will it?

**A:** Such occurrences have nothing to do with the structure in which it occurs. Such things are merely a manifestation of the occurrence itself, and how any such efforts are undertaken, as opposed to the structure in which they take place.

**Q:** (L) So SRT can be safely done without fear of harboring any of that energy in the house?

**A:** SRT may be safely done or unsafely done according to the procedures employed, and those employing them. The structure within which they are done is not in any way related to these issues. And the same holds true for this particular structure in question.

**Q:** (L) S\_\_ has said that she would rather I did not borrow money on my house, that she would like to lend me the money I need at the moment until I get my insurance settlement. Is this a workable plan? I don't want her to be short in any way in her situation. I don't want it to be detrimental to S\_\_ to extend herself in that way.

**A:** One area where one must be most cautious is in the borrowing of money.

**Q:** (L) I am aware of that, and that is why I am asking.

**A:** The question that you ask cannot be answered as you desire, not because the answers are not known, but rather because lessons learned on your karmic pathway cannot be shown to you before they occur. And, decisions such as these are suggested to be based on past experience combined with a period of reflection, and if you choose to follow the pathway of borrowing, it is strongly suggested that all parties involved understand the possible variables, and reflect upon the results of all possible variables.

**Q:** (L) You mean by simply handling it as business ?

**A:** That is not really the point. The point involves more emotional learning processes that can be painful. However, also, it is possible to avoid painful experiences by careful and precise reflection on all possible events and any given situation that can result, prior to undertaking any efforts. In other words, openly and honestly discuss all possible angles where emotional concerns are involved. These are the danger zones that invariably crop up whenever large sums of money are borrowed or lent between individuals who have an emotional bond. It is not the financial aspects at the root of any painful lessons, it is the emotional angles. If it is possible for you to discuss any and all possible variables, and what effects can be anticipated within each, then you may proceed to do what you feel is best, with the comfort and knowledge that you have gone to the utmost extreme to consider ALL possible variables.

{This was as much a non-answer as any we've ever gotten. A lot of words, not much substance to them.}

**Q:** (S) There is another question, if I get this house, I noticed that there were bugs. I don't like bugs. At an earlier session you talked about an automatic bug zapper. I know it is not harmful to humans. But, I have a cat and I may be getting a dog. Are they more susceptible to this frequency of this device? Will it affect their nervous system in the long run, or mine, or anyone else's?

**A:** Please be aware that in the state of being that you currently occupy, and in the environment in which you currently reside, as third density beings, there are many environmental stresses upon your physical being, which you often overlook. And, focus on any particular one is rather pointless without focusing on the remainder. So, therefore, perhaps it is wise not to focus on any at all unless you wish to choose the other path, which is to attempt to focus on all, and this can be most difficult. So, as you are zeroing in, as it were, on one area, such as electronic anti-pest devices, is understandable, but rather futile unless you also wish to focus on food intake, smoking, the pollutants of mechanical devices, of sunlight, the thinning of the ozone, vibrations from sound pollution and a myriad of other consequences that you normally overlook and put out of your mind. It is not necessary to become worried about any given environmental occurrence.

{This answer was also troubling. It was as much as saying "don't worry that you are swimming in a sea of poison, be happy!" A better answer would have been a direct response as to whether the device had negative aspects as asked and pointing out that one has to just do the best they can avoiding toxicity and trust that as they learn, they will be able to do more in that line. That has, in fact, been our experience. It was as though giving a direct answer to anything that might actually be helpful was not in the purview of "Frank" or whoever or whatever was speaking through him at this time.}

**Q:** (L) So, it is six of one, half dozen of the other. Bug spray, bug zappers, or bugs - take your pick.

**A:** Exactly. But the reason for the lengthy answer is to stimulate reflection on a wider range of subjects of a similar nature, rather than just a simple answer to a single question.

{It was also evidence of not giving when asked which, again, was troubling.}

**Q:** (S) But me, as one individual, I can't do anything about the ozone layer or sound pollution... (L) That's not the point. There are all kinds of devices you can buy to produce ozone, and devices to eliminate sound pollution in your home. So, if you are going to worry about the bug zapper, you ought to worry about it all. (S) Well, I HAVE been thinking about that also! On my adoption certificate it says one date. You have told me another date, and we have figured both of them astrologically. Neither one seems correct. Can you tell me the exact birth date, time and place.

**A:** First of all, remember that reading of astrological charts requires total objectivity to obtain accuracy. And, again, when there is an emotional bond between the reader and the one being read, it is difficult to achieve this. Therefore, interpretations can be somewhat off. This is the first issue that must be settled. Also, please try to avoid any desired results, but rather be open to any and all possibilities when reading charts of those with whom there is an emotional bond. As far as the date, time, and place, the word "Mankato" comes; also the number 12, and 3:06 a.m.

**Q:** (L) We have one other question that is personal. Can you describe the action of DMSO on the body tissues, and can it be detrimental?

**A:** Please define "detrimental."

**Q:** (L) Just leave it and describe the action on the tissues.

{I was getting a little testy here myself.}

**A:** Pores of the skin are stimulated to open up in ways in which they do not normally open up, due to chemical reaction that is taking place between the oils that are normally present on the skin, and the chemical compound in the DMSO, which allows for rapid absorbing of the chemical compounds into the skin, to such an extent that nerve endings are equally stimulated to produce the desired result that is what could be described as numbness. But, one must remember that this numbness is merely a result of deadening the nerve endings as opposed to any medicinal treatment of the cause of the discomfort. Therefore, it is not particularly helpful for one to use the product described if the desired result is long term treatment and healing. It is merely short-term comfort on a temporary basis, then this is feasible, however, it is not advisable for long term health.

{This description is not very accurate. The benefits of DMSO are well described. Certainly, it is not a cure-all, but rather, and solving the problems that it is being used to treat is desirable, but here again, one must ask: is there any reason for this answer to be skewed? Like to discourage me from using something that might have helped me a great deal?}

**Q:** (L) The studies done on DMSO say that it bonds with the water molecules and passes quickly through the cells, forcing the cells to restructure in their original pattern, and that also it can carry into the tissues any other agent that is put with it. So, if you wish to apply an antibiotic to a specific area of the body, you mix it with the DMSO and apply it there and then do not have to treat the entire body with the antibiotic just to get it to a particular area. Is any of this correct?

**A:** Well, we choose to pose the question to you: Such intricate processes as described, makes one wonder how such a compound would be widely available, given the nature of political and economic restrictions in your 3rd density environment.

{It isn't "widely available." This sounded like a "damage control" question. I had responded to an inaccurate description of the action of DMSO with a more accurate one and "Frank" was apparently back-pedaling.}

**Q:** (L) Well, it is sold for veterinary use...

**A:** Again: How could such a compound be available for your use, if indeed, it has the results that you describe? We have answered the question. And, it is possible for you, given your inquisitive nature, to come up with a reliable and trustworthy chemical analysis through efforts of your own which would verify our statement: it is merely the result of nerve endings being numbed, as it were, which eases the pain. Now, we ask you to reflect upon this for a moment, again not merely to answer this one simple question regarding one relatively minor subject, but rather also to answer the entire nature of things in your environment. Would you expect anything that produces the results that you describe, to be readily available to you?

{More backpedaling, damage control, obfuscation.}

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know. One does have to buy it from a veterinary source... so it is not exactly in the supermarket!

**A:** Then why can't you buy, for example, plutonium from such sources?

{This is an obvious straw-man argument and definitely not worthy of the Cs. There was way too much "Frank" and way too little Cs in this entire session.}

**Q:** (L) Well, plutonium is more rare.

**A:** But we are not discussing rarity of a substance, we are discussing results purported to arise from the use of DMSO. And you describe rather fantastic results involving some rather fantastic chemical reactions which begs the question "why would such a compound such as this be even remotely available to the average individual in your environment, when other compounds that are KNOWN to produce various chemical reactions that would be beneficial are NOT available. Again, we refer back to the economic and political structure of your third density environment when posing such a question.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that it is almost impossible to get anything that is good or useful in this environment? Are there no "good guys" out there putting things out that are good for us?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) I certainly hope so!

**A:** Remember, for quite some period of time now, as you measure time, we have tried to inform you to the effect that your third density environment has been completely controlled and will be controlled by forces that seek only to serve themselves for a period, as you would measure time, exceeding 309,000 years. And, many, many times in your current life existence, you have reflected upon the questions involving the beneficial or otherwise existence of individuals or an individual IN this environment, the pros and cons of continuing such existence, and what is involved with it. And, you have correctly perceived the conclusion that this is, primarily, a negative experience. But, not that good things do not come from a negative experience, but that the basic indicator that it is a negative experience, should also indicate to you that it is an experience related to a chain of command involving Service to Self. And, therefore, Service to Self is a manipulative action rather than a openly beneficial action. It is a withdrawing and taking motion rather than an expanding motion. And these statements can answer for you, not only simple questions about one chemical compound, but the very nature of your existence to begin with as well.

{I wonder if here, in the response above, the Cs were finding a way to send me a message as to what I was dealing with in this session? This certainly described most of the session exchanges!}

**Q:** (L) This leads to a couple of our other questions. What is the criteria to be a 4th density candidate?

**A:** There is no criteria. A criteria implies a judgment system which implies that an individual or individuals are watching over the progress of other individuals. It is merely part of the natural process of learning, which you are in total control of from beginning to end, in one sense. In that sense, you choose to be in the environment you are in, which does not indicate any recommendation of the environment by any higher source, or, conversely, any condemnation of the environment by any higher source, but merely the existence of the environment and your choice to exist within it. Therefore, being a candidate merely means that you have chosen to be a candidate for ANY level of density, be it first, second, etc. It is a choice of the self to continue that learning pathway.

{This almost directly contradicts the previous response about the control system in our environment.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, the question has arisen: at the time of the transition to 4th density, is there going to be any assistance to those who are newly arrived in that density, or does the knowledge of that density come automatically?

**A:** Neither. When one arrives in 4th density, it is one's choice to find one's way just as it is in the other densities. There is no one waiting there to assist you. That would be an illusion. It is you assisting yourself as you choose to do it, the way you choose to do it.

**Q:** (L) There was a discussion the other day and it made me curious. It seems that some people simply do not have the capacity to understand certain concepts. Is this a function of vibrational frequency?

{I decided to move the discussion to a more abstract area to see if there would be a relaxation of the sensation of tension that existed up to this point.}

**A:** That is not quite hitting at the subject matter in the way in which you desire to answer the question. In other words, it is a parallel understanding pattern. It is not vibrational frequency that determines ability to conceive of any particular notion. Vibrational frequency involves the groove, or pattern, that one has chosen in general terms. But, to give you an example, there are those who are of very LOW, as you would measure, vibrational frequency, who are able to conceive of extremely complicated issues and have also discovered extremely precise, complicated, and intricate answers to very complex notions and problems from your standpoint in the illusion. But, the frequency vibrational level has more to do with the emotional path that leads either to Service to Self at its greatest possible expression, or Service to Others at its greatest possible expression, not with intellectual capacity. So it is possible for a completely STS individual at any density level to be completely cognizant of all existence, just as it is possible for a completely STO individual to be completely cognizant of all existence. It has nothing to do with vibrational frequency because that is the emotional pathway.

{I would say that this was accurate enough. But I have an agenda behind my question that emerges in the next one. I'm "testing". In the following question, I deliberately sought to put "Frank" at ease by suggesting that I was NOT asking about him at all.}

**Q:** (L) The reason I ask this is because I have noticed that certain persons can skew the incoming material in the direction of their particular prejudices because of their emotional attachment to these prejudices. And I am sure that my own prejudices have an influence as well. But, I notice that very often the understanding of the material by others is quite different from what Frank and I understand. It seems that we all hear something different. Does this indicate a vibrational differential which could be considered a lack of rapport, or some other phenomenon of which I am not aware?

**A:** The only phenomenon that is present here that is in any way related to the situation you describe is what could be termed intellectual capacity, which is not related directly to vibrational frequency. Think, if you will, in your lifetime have you ever met either a) an individual that you did not perceive to be particularly intellectually developed, who was, nevertheless, of a very kind and loving and giving nature; or b)an individual whom you perceive to have great intellectual capacity who was, nevertheless, extremely selfish and non-giving and not generous and not concerned about anyone's well being but their own?

{And he fell into the trap describing himself exactly.}

**Q:** (L) Yes. I know exactly what you mean. But there is still some gap that I am trying to fathom here. I have a little theory that people who are en rapport tend to think in similar ways or with similar patterns, even if at different levels. And I think that because of emotional similarity or identity of purpose or orientation, that they might almost begin to think as one mind or move as one body, to work as a unit. Why is this not happening? Why the disparity?

**A:** The real issue involved is one of intellectual capacity, which, in and of itself, can lead to all sorts of emotional entanglements and frictions. It does not require a differential in vibrational frequency level to produce the types of symptoms that you describe. It is merely intellectual capacity that is inferior rather than the vibrational frequency level. Again, this vibrational frequency level involves nature of being and emotion, not intelligence.

{In the next question, I'm again putting "Frank" off the scent of what I am after.}

**Q:** (L) I have done a little bit of an assessment on the subject, Frank and I have discussed in all possible ways, and we cannot come up with any reason why persons who are exposed to correct grammar and syntax cannot just pick it up sort of by osmosis so that it is not so jarring to the ears of those who DO care about words and that they are pronounced and used correctly .

**A:** Intellectual capacity.

**Q:** (L) Well, it shouldn't take a whole lot of brains to hear what others are saying and to at least imitate it!

**A:** The greater the intellectual capacity, the greater the chance that each and every facet of intellect will be available for use, growth and stimulation. The lesser the intellectual capacity, the greater the chance that some will not be available. And, the examples you cite of the ability to learn proper grammar by mimicry or understand correct pronunciation and syntax, may merely be the closing off of that particular facet of intellectual capacity, rather than any vibrational frequency level differential. And, it is important for you to be aware of this so that you do not make subjective judgments of an individual or individuals, thinking that they are inferior in intent or desire as opposed to intellectual capacity. Granted that it is an irritant for you and others. But, one way to ease the irritation within yourself is to come to a true and complete understanding of the cause of the irritation. Once you have understood that, then it becomes less irritating. Especially if the cause is one which can be excused or forgiven.

{At this point, Frank is totally at ease and "showing off" his access to knowledge/information, so to say. Thus, the information is significantly more useful. And so, I decide to hit another point as a test.}

**Q:** (L) Well, that leads me to the next question: the use of words that I find personally offensive. Is this also something that I should excuse? I mean the use of words that relate to body parts, body functions that are very private, and so forth, used as adjectives and adverbs in ordinary speech about ordinary subjects. What is considered to be extreme slang or pornographic language.

**A:** Well, you should be aware that fighting off such occurrences is rather futile in the particular point in space time that your awareness is emanating from, because it is a part of the environment to an extreme extent at this point. And, whereas it is true that these are symptomatic of negative energy transfer, there is little to nothing that you can do to affect or change any of these.

**Q:** (L) I don't have to contribute to that negative energy.

**A:** This is certainly very true. And it would seem that you are not, as a general rule, doing so. However, perhaps it would be helpful, again, for you to understand that it is more a question of changes occurring in the 3rd density environment right now, that you will notice a great many things that you will perceive to be objectionable or distressing, or even frightening in their nature. It is your advanced state of perception and your intellectual capacity, which is also advanced compared against others in your realm, that allows you to have a deeper understanding of all of this. But, and this is understandable, you tend to become, perhaps, too emotionally involved in each individual occurrence, when, after all, it is all part of the bigger picture that is going on around you. And, it would probably be better to focus your attention on this bigger picture rather than the individual distressing elements contained within.

{Now, notice above the not-so-subtle ego stroke. Remember, this is following my "alignment" with Frank in previous questions, the "we're hermanos" maneuver.}

**Q:** (L) I understand how it is in the rest of the world, and that there is nothing I can do about these things, nor would I try. But, in my own personal environment I do not wish to contribute to that negative energy and I don't think that it is out of line for all members of a group dedicated to bringing in positive energy of knowledge for change not contribute to that energy in their personal lives as well.

**A:** This is certainly understandable. But, something that you should be aware of is, to a great extent, you have already achieved removal of those things which are objectionable, and therefore dwelling this may not be helpful. The use of such words as you have described, which again, as we reiterate, is indeed symptomatic of changes occurring within the 3rd density level in your particular point in space time, and is a negative energy transfer, one of countless overall, while it is true that this is the nature of what you describe, you have been largely, even if not 100 per cent, successful in removing that particular problem from your environment and from the group you describe, therefore, if there is an occasional contamination, it may be overlooked when compared against your overall success in removing such elements.

**Q:** (L) I agree. I would like to move on. I would like to know if putting a book together consisting of our experiences and what we have learned in this group and project would be a successful pursuit?

**A:** Well, that is up to you. But, we do caution that, due to your lack of credentials, and by this, we mean as perceived in the illusion, it may be difficult for you to reach your desired goals, in the time frame that you may desire, which would be discouraging for you. This problem can be alleviated by the one you have mentioned, Tom French, and you might help him to help himself get the project finished by a true understanding of the nature of the obstacles he is facing.

{Tom French was a constant thorn in Frank's side. He many times suggested to me: "Tom should interview MEeeee... I can set him straight." And when Tom did not show particular interest in interviewing Frank, except briefly on one occasion, he railed at Tom's "stupidity" for not seeing what an opportunity he was missing to learn the secrets of the Universe from Frank. So, him being brought up here, more or less out of the blue, not having been mentioned by me in this session, is indicative of part of the problem here. Frank was feeling anger and resentment and this was acting strongly on this session because, as I said, not all direct channeling was useless.}

**Q:** (L) Okay. Can you offer any suggestions as to what to DO with the masses of information we have received?

**A:** Well, so far you have done an extremely admirable amount of "getting the word out" as you would call it, in the past calendar year, as you measure time, by merely following your instincts. And, it would not be appropriate for us to interfere with this learning pattern by making suggestions or answering that question as you, in fact, desire it to be answered, because it is not necessary. You are making plenty of progress. There is no need for you to deviate from any patterns of movement in this area.

**Q:** (L) Well, I very much want to get financially stable so that I can take certain steps...

**A:** We caution you: compare your current status, and reflect upon the progress that you have made in the last two years, and ask yourself if you have truly suffered in this time period, or have all your necessities always been provided, even if at the last minute. And, if this is indeed true, then the knowledge that we have given you that the financial stability that you seek will, indeed, eventually come your way, why then be concerned?

**Q:** (L) I also think that Frank is being overworked and underpaid.

**A:** All there is is lessons.

**Q:** (L) Well, if I don't make some changes I am going to fall into a hole.

**A:** When has the hole ever consumed you?

**Q:** (L) Well, it is on the verge of it.

**A:** When has it ever consumed you?

**Q:** (L) Never.

**A:** Do you expect that to change?

**Q:** (L) No.

**A:** You have, in fact, advised others who have complained about similar situations, that there is no need to worry, because, as you put it, "the Lord will provide." And if, indeed, you do have faith in this very simple principle, why then would your faith deviate at this particular point?

**Q:** (L) Because sometimes I just don't know what to do and I feel like I am being devoured by stress that I cannot handle.

**A:** We do not believe that this is, in fact, a factual statement, but rather an emotionally tainted statement, which we are not condemning. It certainly is understandable, but it is also helpful to understand it for what it is. Previously you have described options that were available to you, it is your choice, then, to seek them out and turn them into answers. Do you not feel that options are available to you?

**Q:** (L) Well, yes. But none that are terribly pleasant. And there is risk involved.

**A:** Describe for us please, any thing in your realm that does not involve risk?

{That topic was okay as far as it went, and accurate enough, but no real answer given - the feeling of tension returned, so I shifted gears again to see if a different direction would be more fruitful.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, I am really curious to discover something about the ancient legend of the Hyperboreans?

**A:** There is a masking there. It is an incorrect description.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean? There was a race supposedly called the Hyperboreans...

**A:** That is a masking.

**Q:** (L) What is a masking?

**A:** A masking is an incorrect description of an historical event or condition.

**Q:** (L) What was the true event or condition that is masked as the Hyperboreans?

**A:** There have been, in your third density environment, at various points in space-time, residing on the surface of your planet, and also within its atmosphere, which structure has changed repeatedly, and, in fact, underneath the surface of your physical environment in 3rd density, a great many types of races of humans, some of whom are currently existing in your environment, and some of whom are not. And, also alternate humans. In other words, human-like 3rd density beings who could not be accurately described as humans as you know them. And, also there has been interaction with 4th density beings who pose as 3rd density beings, and 3rd density beings who have, at times in your history, have been able to temporarily and at will interact with 4th density in such a way as to present themselves as 4th density beings. So, we are describing here a virtual potpourri of history involving intelligent life within some realm or condition of your environment. To zero in on any group and give them a name at this point is not really appropriate as names connote approval, but, in fact, may merely be a stamp.

{This was probably the best info of the entire session.}

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is that all?

**A:** That's up to you.

**Q:** (L) The Hyperboreans were described as a race that lived in the far North, living in a tropical pocket near the North Pole surrounded by mountains of ice. They were supposedly semi-transparent and supposedly something forced them to move among other humans, and they interbred with them. The legend is that every 5th generation, following the maternal line, produces an individual of exceptional beauty and intelligence. So, it is thought in some places that people who are exceptionally beautiful and intelligent are the result of the Hyperborean genetics. Also, the Hyperboreans were supposed to be the predecessors of the Celts.

**A:** That is such a pleasant story! Mmmmm.

**Q:** (L) I liked it!

**A:** Unfortunately, it does not reflect fact. But, fantasy is always fun.

**Q:** (L) Was there a race that lived in the area of the North Pole?

**A:** Well, there is a group currently living in the area of the North Pole.

**Q:** (L) Who is that?

**A:** Eskimos.

{This was supposed to be funny, I think.}

**Q:** (L) Okay. Do any secret libraries containing all the secret wisdom of our history exist anywhere on the planet?

**A:** No. The secrets that you are alluding to are contained within mental structures in psychic realms, some of which you have little or no conception of. There is no need to record anything in any form that could be placed in any library. It is all done verbally and through mental telepathy.

**Q:** (L) Who and what were the Mayans?

**A:** The Mayans were a transitory people who still exist in the lands that you refer to as Central America. And who have certain physical features that are not consistent with the rest of human beings on 3rd density Earth environment, due to their interactions, in the past, as you measure time, with beings of other density levels.

{More good info and probably accurate since there is no emotional attachment.}

**Q:** (L) What beings would those be?

**A:** Well, we have described 4th density STS beings on many occasions.

**Q:** (L) The Lizard Beings?

**A:** Indeed.

**Q:** (L) Who was Arajuna of Tiahuanaco?

**A:** Well, we believe that you are referring to one of approximately eight hybrids that ruled the area currently referred to as Central America. Hybrids being a 4th density to 3rd density transfer experiment from the Lizard race to the human race, which was abandoned after approximately 240 years of experimentation by the Lizard Beings, due to the lack of success for sustaining physical duplication, or reproduction of the race. It was one of several attempts by the Lizard Beings to directly transmit their souls into 3rd density environment for permanent placement there. And, of course it is no longer perceived as necessary by them because their intention is to rule 3rd density beings in 4th density when they arrive there.

{More good info and probably accurate since there is no emotional attachment.}

**Q:** (L) Who built the city of Tiahuanaco?

**A:** The Lizard Beings in cooperation with humans.

{More good info and probably accurate since there is no emotional attachment.}

**Q:** (L) When was it built?

**A:** Varying time frames since it seems to have been destroyed at two points. We have to estimate an average of 8,000 years prior to the current time, as you measure it.

{More good info and probably accurate since there is no emotional attachment.}

**Q:** (L) Who built the statues at Damien in Kabul?

**A:** An early Persian race, 3rd density in nature.

**Q:** (L) Does the Agartha exist?

**A:** No.

END OF SESSION

