## January 7, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan, V, D, T

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Victim V\_\_. {Laughter}

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Powder.

**Q:** {Powder added to board} (L) Now, I guess you'll want aftershave too.

**A:** Aftershave, please.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Lomarra.

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What or who are you?

**A:** Light being.

**Q:** (L) And where are you communicating from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have a few interesting questions tonight. I think the first thing on everybody's mind is the strange events during the night and early morning hours, reported by Terry and Jan compared with events that happened that John said that he experienced and also, Terry's dad, and also something woke A\_\_ up with a start and I was awakened with a strange feeling. We are a little bit curious about this event, this occurrence, and we would like to have some information on it. What exactly was it?

**A:** Thunder.

**Q:** (L) It seemed to be an extraordinarily massive strike, and it seemed to have been heard at a great distance in several directions. Where, in fact, did this lightning bolt strike?

**A:** Cell was uniformly structured throughout region.

**Q:** (T) So we all heard that particular blast because of that?

**A:** No. Each zone received similar EM profile, thus one particularly heavily charged event in each zone.

**Q:** (L) What is an EM profile?

**A:** Electromagnetic.

**Q:** (L) Was there any particular significance to this type of blast since it is not something any of us has experienced in our immediate memory. Is there any implication to this blast in terms of 4th density activity?

**A:** You have, and yes, as always.

**Q:** (L) Since this was such a boomer, what exactly was going on on 4th density that produced a boomer like this?

**A:** Overlapping densities, lasting approximately 1.3 seconds, as you measure time i.e.: for 1.3 seconds, you lived completely in 4th density.

**Q:** (T) So this was a significant event for us to have noticed?

**A:** The noticing was more significant than the event.

**Q:** (V) Can I ask... so every time there is... am I wrong in assuming that every time there is thunder there is a mix of 4th density? (L) No, no. (V) It's just this one time? (T) What about if you didn't notice? I didn't hear it. (T) What was the answer? (L) The noticing was more important than the event. (T) So it was important that we were aware that something had happened...

**A:** You did at another level of consciousness.

**Q:** (L) Did this event have anything to do with A\_\_'s experience this morning of being awakened by a rustling in her room and thinking that she heard a squeaky voice calling her name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what was it that she experienced?

**A:** 4th density "resident."

**Q:** (L) And what kind of 4th density resident was this?

**A:** Om.

**Q:** (L) Who is Om. (V) Is it a name? (T) Is Om the name of the being?

**A:** Type.

**Q:** (L) What is a type Om?

**A:** You would rather not know!

**Q:** (L) No, I would rather know. If something is going to be visiting my daughter in her bedroom, I definitely want to know who or what it is.

**A:** Who says this will be regular event?

**Q:** (V) So, in other words, if it is not going to happen all the time, don't worry about it, is that right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) This was just a one time event?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Was the reason A\_\_ was so aware of this is because she is psychically open when she is asleep?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is there anything she needs to do to control her psychic openness in order not to be harmed?

**A:** Why control something beneficial?

**Q:** (V) Well, it's just that Laura was concerned because you know... (T) Is this something that we all encounter every now and again?

**A:** Three of you have... no, make that five. Terry, Tom, Frank, D\_\_, Laura.

**Q:** (D) The thumps that I hear in my house, this is not my grandmother, is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Are these visitors?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) What can you tell me about that?

**A:** What do you want to know?

**Q:** (D) Are these Cassiopaeans?

**A:** We do not "Thump." {laughter}

**Q:** (L) What is causing the thumping phenomenon in D\_\_'s house.

**A:** 5th and 4th visitors of varying description your many activities have attracted.

**Q:** (T) Are they harmful? (D) My many activities like reading... psychic readings? (L) No, no, stop. Are these beings in general STS or STO oriented?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (L) So, varying activities of D\_\_'s have attracted them. What initial activities did D\_\_ do that opened the doorway for this type of activity?

**A:** Networking.

**Q:** (L) Networking with who or what?

**A:** Her recent contacts.

**Q:** (L) With who or what?

**A:** People.

**Q:** (L) Who, specifically? (D) Are we talking about E\_\_ Page?

**A:** That is one.

**Q:** (D) M\_\_ T\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) J\_\_ H\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Laura and Frank?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (D) P\_\_ K\_\_?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (D) Anyone from the church?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) B\_\_?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (D) D\_\_ W\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Did it start with my association with D\_\_ W\_\_?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Was that the first time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) How can I stop these visits?

**A:** Complicated.

**Q:** (D) Where do I start. What is the first step? (L) Well, you have an EM opening. Closing that would be the first step.

**A:** You have begun already.

**Q:** (D) With reading. (T) By asking?

**A:** Yes. Yes.

**Q:** (D) What is the next step?

**A:** This is not a "step by step process."

**Q:** (L) Is it that she is going to have to have knowledge and awareness?

**A:** The light is knowledge, which is protection.

**Q:** (L) I guess that means that you need to visualize light around yourself and your house. (D) I guess some sage and holy water... (L) No, no, no, no, no rituals. Knowledge. The power of the mind only. (T) If she stops associating with P\_\_ and group will this be a good step in the right direction?

**A:** We do not condone recommendations for friendships and associations; that is free will.

**Q:** (L) So, they are not going to tell you who to associate with, it is your own choice. (J) But, now that you have the knowledge, you can make an informed choice. (D) Well, there is no choice... that is it.

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I would like to bring up before we get sidetracked, that we have Tom with us this evening and...

**A:** Hi T\_\_.

**Q:** (L) T\_\_ has a couple of questions he would like to ask about moving and his direction in life, this will be brief. So, I will just let him ask his questions.

**A:** Now you are beginning to see what happens when you let emotions take over, T\_\_. We warned you in a subtle way.

**Q:** (T) What do I need to do to get myself back on track on a spiritual path?

**A:** We were talking directly to you with the last 2 answers.

**Q:** (T) Did you get some kind of a warning?

**A:** Do you remember, T\_\_.

**Q:** (T) No, I don't remember the warning.

**A:** Okay, now think carefully, access memories of first day of "union."

**Q:** (T) Are you talking about my relationship with A\_\_?

**A:** We were being discreet.

**Q:** (L) You blabbed it out, they were being discreet. Did you get some kind of warning? (V) Did you get any "gut" feelings? (L) Have you not learned that your relationship is taking you away from your spiritual path? (D) Did she ask you to give up anything? (V) Did the relationship make you feel uncomfortable? (D) Did it give you negative thoughts about spirituality?

**A:** Let T\_\_ figure it out. This is rather of a private nature.

**Q:** (T) Okay. Well, I'm thinking of...

**A:** T\_\_ has a tendency to be rebellious and secretive.

**Q:** (J) Well, that's not such a bad combination. (T) Yeah, I'm working on that... (V) We all have our crosses to bear... (L) Tom now has a plan where he is going to... his relationship has led to other situations that have caused unpleasantness in his life; he is now going to travel half-way across the country to escape this...

**A:** Repeating syndrome.

**Q:** (T) No matter where you go, there YOU are. (L) The scenery may change, but you will be the same with the same problems until you change yourself. (T) It is really because I know I can support myself better out there and I know that we can support ourselves better out there.

**A:** How do you know that?

**Q:** (T) Because I have checked with the papers, I have looked at what is out there... There's more jobs out there, there's more apartments, more opportunity, better chance to really get ahead.... (L) Who are you trying to convince?

**A:** Really???

**Q:** (T) I just feel like it's time for a change.

**A:** You have felt that way often before.

**Q:** (T) Okay, let me ask this: could I have some kind of place out there, do something that needs to be done out there?

**A:** Many have lived under the illusion that relocation improves destiny. All have failed.

**Q:** (L) If you can't succeed where you are, you probably won't succeed anywhere else. (J) You always carry yourself with you wherever you go. If you are what's wrong, moving doesn't change that. (L) And, in fact, it can make things worse. (T) Yeah, you lose a lot because you lose your connections and contacts, your support system, your network, everything. (T) Well, part of it is that I just want to go. (L) Maybe wanting to go is part of your problem. (J) Are you running away? (T) No. (L) Is T\_\_ running away?

**A:** {T\_\_ gets on board.} Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything you can tell T\_\_....

**A:** The community he is considering is much more 3rd density. It is not metaphysically oriented.

**Q:** (L) In other words, if he moves, he will get more in the soup? {break for discussion} T\_\_ thinks he can make it work... comments please.

**A:** Well, this plan is related to and contingent on shaky emotional considerations. His relationship is unstable and that is at the root of the issue.

**Q:** (T) What do I have to do to make the relationship stable? (V) Oh, the youngsters! "We are going to make this square peg fit into this round hole no matter what!"

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Can you give me a hint as to what I need to do... (L) What they are saying is that you can't make this relationship stable... (J) Either it is or it isn't.

**A:** Let T\_\_ decide.

**Q:** (T) Let me just ask this... can I make this relationship stable?

**A:** Discover. But moving won't accomplish this.

**Q:** (T) I know I can make this work, but should I stay here?

**A:** Better chance of survival of the relationship if you remain and work things out.

**Q:** (T) But her best friend is out there...

**A:** Friendships are not stable with this one. (A\_\_)

**Q:** (L) They are saying Andrea is not capable of a stable friendship and that may extend to relationships. (T) Can I help her attain spirituality or a level of enlightenment?

**A:** What we told you with the first answer applies. Does not have to be painful.

**Q:** (D) I have been married twice. The day before I was to marry the man who I thought was wonderful, of course, I was told that no one was going to make me marry him, and that if I wanted to I could change my mind. I had reservations but I did not feel that I could back out because the wedding was already set. And it turned out to be a very destructive marriage and divorce. So, what I am saying to you is that if everything is not perfect about your mate, in terms of your expectations and needs, if there is anything that you think you can or have to change about this person, or that involvement with you will change, you are wrong. You can't change them, they won't change, and the relationship will deteriorate destructively. If you are now asking what you have to do to "make" it work, it is already on the road to destruction. It is never to late to come to your senses and back out.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there a past life or karmic tie between T\_\_ and Andrea?

**A:** As always. It is up to him to discover. He is rebellious and is not listening. We have given much, now it is up to him.

**Q:** (L) Is anyone in this room not rebellious? (Chorus) I am! (L) Have we not all learned the hard way? (Chorus) I certainly have... yes... (V) We have all learned the lesson we see T\_\_ facing. It's easy for us to sit back and know the end result because we have all been through it before. It's easy for us to tell him to back away and rethink because we have all been forced to do it but we need to remember how painful it was to us at the time and how we all thought it was the end of the world. (L) Yes. We all thought that ending destructive relationships was the hardest thing in the world to do... other people gave us advice when we were younger like we are advising T\_\_ now, and we didn't take it... (L) But how much easier on us it would have been if we had the wisdom then to do what we see now... (Chorus) Amen!

**A:** Real love is not strictly hormonal.

**Q:** (T) So, what they are saying is that I can make this work here but I can't make it work there? (L) No, T\_\_, the chances are not good either way, but you have something of a chance here with a good support system and your metaphysical network. There, it is certain to fail and then you will be in emotional turmoil, probably broke, and stuck far away from everybody. (V) There is not a pat answer on your relationship, they just said if you stay here, it has a better chance. They didn't say that if you stay, you definitely will succeed... And, if you are seeking spirituality right now, it is definitely a bad move to make...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Going back to the event of this morning, when J\_\_ related his experience of it to me, he said that when he opened his eyes that the light looked yellow... (V) I noticed the discoloration too... (J) Was that related to the event?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) What caused the light to change color?

**A:** Leftover 4th density effects.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that is going to be happening more and more as we move to 4th density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this electromagnetic charging of the atmosphere, I am assuming that is what it is, and that it is occurring as part of the shifting of densities...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If it is an electromagnetic charging of the atmosphere, is this charging coming about because of this oncoming wave and effects that we are beginning to feel more and more of, are they part of the wave, its presence or approach?

**A:** It is a buildup, similar to the early effects preceding the arrival of a sea wave.

**Q:** (T) Are the extremely high winds they have been experiencing in North Carolina and California and the earthquakes in Japan all related to this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Yes. The media is playing that down... 140 mile an hour winds up in the Carolina's and out in California they were hitting 160 miles an hour winds. (L) Well, they told us we were going to have really weird weather. (T) There was another earthquake in Japan today. This has been ongoing for the last couple of weeks. Japan is supposed to go. (V) Sylvia Brown was on a talk show. Sylvia Brown is known as a highly aware psychic. How do you feel about her psychic abilities?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (V) She had said that there was going to be a big earthquake in Alaska... a huge one... what can you tell us about this?

**A:** One of many events of the buildup lasting years, as you measure time.

**Q:** (V) That's interesting because I followed Sylvia Brown for a number of years. (L) Let me ask this: I got a letter from Piers A. and he was giving me the big pooh pooh and....

**A:** Piers is misguided.

**Q:** (L) Well, my question about this is, in addition to that really revolting letter I got from that creep on the network, my feeling about this is: I really want these people to open their eyes, will they?

**A:** Those who will, will.

**Q:** (T) Look at it this way, you have an open enough mind to allow those who have their minds closed to keep them closed. You have tried, you don't have to take it any further. (L) You guys said that we were going to have a whole big, bodacious bunch more of UFO activity this year, is that correct? 1995

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) And I guess it has already started because some guy in Michigan filmed a UFO in broad daylight and they showed it on the news three days in a row and I don't think they were being snide in their comments... (Frank) Yes they were. I saw it on channel 13 and they were being definitely snide. (T) And those guys lost their network affiliation, too! (L) That fellow in Michigan, could you identify that craft for us and who it belonged to?

**A:** It was the Grays.

**Q:** (L) Now, are the Grays going to allow themselves to be seen more and more in 3rd density in the upcoming years.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there a reason behind this exposure?

**A:** All of these events are related to that with which you are now familiar.

**Q:** (L) This is part of their movement to land on the planet, interact with human beings, say, via the media... (T) They are already landing on the planet...

**A:** No, for all is related to approach of oncoming wave, what the details are will remain to be seen.

**Q:** (L) By the way, T\_\_, your information about the bases in Appalachia happens to have been confirmed. (T) Are there military bases in the Appalachian mountains?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Hidden ones?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are they for the subjugation of the U.S. when they start the implement the final stages of the New World Order in this country?

**A:** Remains to be seen.

**Q:** (L) Do they actually have buildings or places set up in this country to be crematoriums and labor camps as I have read about in several articles?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) When do they intend to initiate this plan?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Last I heard was March of 1995. (V) Goodness gracious. (L) I have been saying for years now after doing the charts that 95 is going to be one strange year. (V) A lot of other people are saying that too. (D) There is supposed to be something big, some big organization fall... (L) If we sat here and visualized a clockwise vortex of light and energy, would it greatly enhance the energy flow?

**A:** Not necessary any longer.

**Q:** (V) Last night I all of a sudden got a flash to do a Tarot reading. Now, I hadn't done this in months because I know it is not a super clear channel, but, I had the overwhelming feeling that it was okay to do this. Was the reading I did for myself last night a valid and factual true reading?

**A:** If you wish it to be.

**Q:** (V) Well, I was hoping with the reading that I was drawing on your energy, was I?

**A:** You do not cards to "draw on our energy." Your strong feeling was to meditate for information. You misinterpreted it as a need for Tarot. Cards can confuse, meditation never does.

**Q:** (V) Well, they were nice cards and I threw a spread this morning that was beautiful... the last card was the moon card... and in my perception of that card I haven't been able to signify whether that meant psychic energy or deception... what was the meaning within my perception?

**A:** We have given enough personal data for this session.

**Q:** (T) What is a good way to meditate?

**A:** The way that feels "effortless" for you.

**Q:** (V) Okay, if we are getting off of personal stuff here, and moving on to more generalized... I would like to know... there is a common knowledge kind of thing among metaphysical people that when a soul is born onto the planet, that soul, that little baby, has infinite knowledge, and as we grow and learn we were conditioned to lose our knowledge, is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How could a baby have infinite knowledge, it only has imprint of its past life experiences. (V) You have heard that also...

**A:** That is nonsense.

**Q:** (V) That's fine... I was just... I'm sure you've heard that...

**A:** Souls are not "born" into this planet. Souls were never born! And, will never die!

**Q:** (V) I understand, my question was loose; I'm sorry. (D) Are there any new souls being created?

**A:** Just answered if you use your head. Diana does not know the real concept of "time."

**Q:** (D) Well, that is a concept that is very difficult for me. (L) Well, for everybody. We can talk about it and play with it... but there really is no time. It's an illusion, it's a lie... (T) It's part of the 3rd density world we have created... (D) I'm trying real hard... (F) Okay, let me give you an example: Take yourself off the planet, take yourself farther away so you can't see the sun anymore except as a speck. (D) Okay, I'm there... (F) Now you are floating out there in space... there is no direction, everything is just out from you... there is no up or down or sideways... nothing... You see stars every way you look, but there is no point of orientation... Now, being no longer on the planet, the sun doesn't rise and the sun doesn't set... you have no watch or clock... how do you know what was before and what was after... (T) Have you ever heard of people who go down into caves to do research experiments, and they come out thinking that only 45 days have passed when it has really been 65 or a hundred... because time slows down and virtually stops. Time is a human concept. (F) I read the book about the Barbara Mackle abduction. She was kidnapped by a guy who put her into an underground coffin with gadgets to help her survive, and she was buried... she thought, when she was pulled out, 83 hours later, she thought she had only been in there one night. (L) Let's ask this question: In a state where there are no artificial considerations such as the delineation of night and day, in such a state, what would be the natural cycle of the human physical body in terms of, say, sleeping or eating, and refer this back to our concept of time. In other words, how long would we naturally stay awake, and then how long would we naturally sleep if we were not constrained by artificial time references, in a general sense?

**A:** Your entire existence would be radically different and would not cycle in the same ways at all.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us how it would?

**A:** It depends on the environment.

**Q:** (L) So, we are so interactive with our environment that we almost can't separate ourselves from it, is that what you are saying?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) If our solar system motion was such that, according to our present time delineations, we had 48 hours of daylight and 48 hours of night, would there be a concomitant extension of lifetime in the same terms?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Sitchin has an interesting idea about his theorized planet Nebiru, that their solar year is 3,600 of our years, and, therefore, for every one year of their life, 3,600 years pass on earth, and therefore a being who theoretically was on such a planet, one with a 3,600 year orbit, would live many multiple thousands of years. Is this a valid concept insofar as it goes?

**A:** That is a confused cross conceptualization.

**Q:** (L) Now, is that confusion as I presented it, or confusion as Sitchin theorized it?

**A:** It's the whole gang.

**Q:** (T) We have to remember that time is only relative to earth, and it came about the way it is now only because of mathematics based on base 10 counting system. If you go to the moon, time is not reflected in the same way, if you have to measure it, as it is here. We use earth time on the moon. If we were to go to Mars, Mars time would be different. It is all based on rotation and orbit, which is only one way of doing it. As an example, not exactly having to do with time, but the idea of pi, 3.1416. On the SETI program they send out pi on a radio program saying: "Intelligent life will understand pi because pi is a basic idea in circular mathematics." You have to be able to figure pi in order to calculate circumference and diameter and so on in circles and arcs. So, I ask, what is the good of sending out pi in base ten when, say, the Grays only have 8 digits on their fingers? What is pi in base 8? 3.1416 means absolutely nothing to someone who is working in another system base.

**A:** Grays are cybergenetic beings, therefore they use mathematics they are programmed to use.

**Q:** (T) You all missed the point. I understand that Grays are...

**A:** No, we did not. Why do you look "up" when talking to us?

**Q:** (L) Well, where should we look?

**A:** Anywhere.

**Q:** (L) Okay now, the Grays are programmed to use mathematics. I am assuming that they are programmed to use the mathematics of the Lizard beings, their creators, is that correct?

**A:** Variable.

**Q:** (L) Well, the question I am trying to get at here is, what base do the Lizards use?

**A:** The Lizards have a form of mathematics you would not even begin to understand.

**Q:** (L) Well, I would imagine so. Now, if a line is defined as the movement of a point in a single direction, and a plane is defined as a line moving at right angles to itself, and the 3rd dimension is defined as a plane moving at righ angles to itself, and the 4th dimension is defined as a three dimensional object moving at right angles to itself, then what we are talking about in 4th density, something that we simply cannot grasp. If we look at a 3 D apple, we are only seeing a slice, so to speak, of a 4th dimensional object. If we could see the apple in its true, 4th dimensional state, we would see something, probably more like a long, red tubular type thing that goes onto infinity. Is this a correct assessment?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) And then there is 5th, 6th and 7th density levels. The whole point is to demonstrate that time doesn't exist and is irrelevant. It could be defined in any countless numbers of ways.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Look at the Mayans... they counted in base 20. (T) Once you remove all references to time, it slows down and eventually stops. (J) Yes, look at what happens to those who are in sensory deprivation chambers. (T) Exactly. (L) An imploding infinity, so to speak.

**A:** If you were out in space, you might sleep for thousands of years or remain "awake" for millions of "years."

**Q:** (T) This refers back to Frank's explanation of floating in space along with how time might be perceived without reference points.

**A:** It really does not matter, because you would not be under the same illusion that "Time" even exists.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this: I am kind of drifting into another subject, but we are talking about being in space. We talked at one point, I believe, of the matrices of the various planets and our perceptions of the planets in our solar system, and these matrices being almost like a doorway to another density, and that if we were in the proper dimensional mode that we would see the other planets of our own solar system quite differently from how we see them in our third density mode, and that we would, in fact, be able to look upon Venus, which manifests in 3rd density as a pretty hellish place, with temperatures 900 degrees or thereabouts, and we would find it to be something else altogether with beings inhabiting it, is this correct.

**A:** Yes. Beings live absolutely everywhere in one realm or another.

**Q:** (L) Are the beings who live on the planet Venus aware of us on the planet Earth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there beings also living on Mars?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are they aware of us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the beings on all the other planets in our solar system aware of us here, on planet Earth?

**A:** Yes, because they are all of higher density.

**Q:** (L) Why is it that the Earth seems to be the lower density planet and we seem to be kind of left out in the cold, so to speak. They know of us, but we can't perceive them. Why is this? Why are we singled out for this? (D) Was earth created after all the others?

**A:** NO, no, no.

**Q:** (T) Are they interacting with us?

**A:** Okay, stop, whoa! A review session follows: Who is 1st density?

**Q:** (L) Rocks and minerals, right?

**A:** And?

**Q:** (L) Plants?

**A:** Yes. Now, what awareness do you suppose they have of you?

**Q:** (L) What awareness do rocks and plants have of US?! Oh, dear God! (V) That's an interesting way to put it. An excellent example. (T) When we ask why higher beings have awareness of us but we are not aware of them, we need to ask what awareness beings lower than us have of us. (J) Obviously no more than we have of 4th density. (T) But when you play music to a plant, it has some awareness because it makes it grow better. (L) But music is not a being. (T) It's an energy wave. (J) Wait a minute... what they are saying is: they have no more awareness of us than we, as 3rd density beings, have of 4th density beings. (T) Does this mean that they interact with us the way we interact with plants?

**A:** Who is "on" 2nd level.

**Q:** (L) Animals. (T) Insects, lower life forms.

**A:** Now, think carefully, what level of awareness, and more importantly, understanding, do they have of you?

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess they are aware of us in some way, but they don't understand us... (T) Some do at some point... (T) They understand us to a certain extent... (Frank) But their understanding is entirely different from our understanding of them. In other words, they see these big hulking beings, but they don't know what's going on. (L) Was Ouspensky's explanation of how animals perceive humans very close to the truth?

**A:** Close. Now, what about 1st level understanding and perception of 2nd level?

**Q:** (L) Okay, 1st density, minerals and plants... now rocks and minerals combine with plants through growing actions, water dissolution, erosion, and so on, they have a real limited existence. And what happens is that mostly animals come along and eat them. (Frank) Bees pollinate flowers. (L) Different kinds of animals live in trees. (T) Some animals live in the ground and in caves. (T) So, rocks and minerals and plants have a really limited understanding of the animals above them which interact with them in various ways.

**A:** Yes, and you have a limited understanding of the densities above you.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is still begging the question, my question was... (T) As an example, today we all experienced something we call thunder, but we were all aware that it was something more. Something happened in 4th density that we experienced in a certain way, and it was a limited understanding of that level.

**A:** Laura, unblock, do rocks and plants "see" you?

**Q:** (J) Probably not. (D) We don't really know. (T) We see the 3rd density manifestations of 1st density objects. We don't see the 1st density perception of itself. So, how do we see the 4th density manifestations, they see us on a 4th density level... not necessarily as we perceive ourselves.

**A:** Tom, you are making rapid progress. Laura better watch her Butt! {laughter}

**Q:** (V) So, I am curious... what do rocks look like to each other? (L) Let's ask. What do rocks see when they look at each other?

**A:** They sense each other.

**Q:** (L) What example of our sensory apparatus would be close to an example of what a rock senses when it is aware of another rock?

**A:** That is a cross conceptualization and will not work.

**Q:** (L) So there is no way we can interpret what a rock senses. Well, another 1st density example is plants. We know that plants can react positively to certain persons and negatively to others. They have experimented with hooking them up to polygraph machines and measured these responses. (J) They also react to music... (T) Third density reactions...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If plants interact with each other, do they feel, say, fondness for one another?

**A:** Something akin to that.

**Q:** (L) Does it hurt a plant when we eat it?

**A:** Does it hurt you when a "Lizzie" eats you?

**Q:** (T) Yes, you see, on 4th density... we are on 3rd density and we eat 1st and 2nd density, the 4th density eats us. (D) If we hurt plants by eating them like the Lizzies hurt us when they eat us, how are we to survive without eating?

**A:** When you no longer crave physicality, you no longer need to "eat."

**Q:** (L) So part of the "fall" into the physical existence and part of the Edenic story of the whole business, "you shall eat by the sweat of your brow," has to do with being physical and needing to eat?

**A:** Lucifer, "The fallen Angel." This is you.

**Q:** (L) So, "falling" means going into physical existence wherein you must feed on other life, other beings, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) When plants feed on 1st level beings such as rocks and water and so forth, do the 1st density beings feel pain?

**A:** That is redundant. We have already covered this.

**Q:** (T) So when a plant absorbs nutrients.... (L) Well, a plant is the same density as minerals, so it is almost like... (T) Like two separate entities becoming one? (V) Like Jeffrey Dahmer... {laughter} (L) My bologne has a first name... (LM) Minerals dissolve in water and are then absorbed by the plant, what pain could there be in this?

**A:** Subjective, L\_\_.

**Q:** (L) Maybe the dissolution of, say, phosphate in water, is a "death" to it...

**A:** Close. You limit when you perceive on 3rd level only and think that your perception is all there is.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, we should be able to perceive on 1st and 2nd as well as 3rd while working on 4th level understanding?

**A:** No. Work on 4th, 5th and 6th.

**Q:** (L) Is it not also beneficial to understand the 1st and 2nd density levels as well, just simply for the exercise in understanding that which is below us?

**A:** Strive always to rise.

**Q:** (V) Haven't we already done our 1st and 2nd level work as evolving souls?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) So there is no reason to step back. (T) Who eats the Lizzies on the 4th level?

**A:** No one. 4th is the last density for full manifestation of STS.

**Q:** (T) So, beings on the 5th and 6th level exist in pure energy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) The 4th level is the last for full STS. Does that mean that the 5th level, which you have described as the "contemmplative" level... what is the state of existence of a STS being on the 5th level?

**A:** Souls of 1,2,3, and 4 go to 5th.

**Q:** (T) So 5th level is where they go to while waiting to go back to one of the 4 for their next incarnation?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (T) That is why it's called the contemplation level. You go and think about what you have done. (T) What about souls on 6th density? (L) Are there 6th density STS beings?

**A:** No, when you get to 6th you no longer need to recycle.

**Q:** (L) But still, is there an STS experience at 6th density, like the 6th density Orions?

**A:** These are only reflections of individuals, not unified entities. These reflections exist for balance. They are not whole entities, just thought forms.

**Q:** (L) Are these 6th density beings what the Bible describes as a "gathering" of angels as in the story of Job where "Lucifer" came in before the Lord...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, there are STS and STO at 6th density which balance? And they are just there, they exist?

**A:** Reflection for balance.

**Q:** (L) Is there any kind of hierarchy to this thing? Do these beings come before some kind of "Grand Council" and make plans and discuss things, and make decisions and implement them?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do things happen? Do things just sort of happen as a natural interaction of things and energies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) If we are on the 3rd density and you are working with us and we are striving to make 4th density, at the same time are you, at 6th density, striving to reach 7th?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is helping us, helping you to reach 7th density? (V) Are there others at higher densities working with you as you are working with us?

**A:** No, we all reach 7th level together.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, you guys are trying to bring us up and everbody else is coming up, and when all the pieces are back together, we then go to 7th, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So that is your purpose in helping us?

**A:** It's a natural process.

**Q:** (T) Will our function be, when we are at 6th density, to help others on 3rd, as you are doing?

**A:** Yes. We are you in the future.

**Q:** (T) When more than 50 per cent of the souls reach 6th density in preparation to go to 7th density, will all the rest of them automatically manifest into that density?

**A:** Not correct concept. You are using 3rd density "Brotherhood" inspired mathematical calculations and ideas.

**Q:** (J) So, there are no percentages involved in it. (T) So, we have to get every single soul up there. (V) I don't think it is as much that as that you can't apply 3rd density mathematics to that level. (T) Let's say a majority.

**A:** No. Still using 3rd density mathematics.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what criteria constitutes the means of this ultimate translation into 7th density?

**A:** The lessons completed.

**Q:** (J) Okay. (T) When all the souls transition to 7th density, will all the souls be integrated into one soul?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) So that is why we have to get everybody, because we all become one on 7th density. (D) What will we then do to change the game and make it interesting again?

**A:** Don't have to "do" anything, has, will, is!!!

**Q:** (L) The fellow who wrote the  Ultimate Frontier  , was he channeling that information or did those events he described actually take place?

**A:** Yes and yes.

**Q:** (L) Was he, in fact, the reincarnation of King David as he claimed?

**A:** If he prefers.

**Q:** (L) He lost me when he went off on his thing about women and that souls reincarnated as only one sex. (J) No, that's not so and I think switching sex has a lot to do with homosexuality. (L) Yes. (T) But I do think that a soul has a tendency to be more of one than the other.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I think it ends up being balanced.

**A:** It is all just lessons.

**Q:** (J) Does the human state of sexuality, such as homosexuality, have something to do with changing sexes from one lifetime to another?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Of all the modes of sexual expression,  which one is more likely to advance one to 4th density more rapidly?

**A:** Total celibacy.

**Q:** (D) Well then I'm okay! {laughter} (V) Can you explain why total celibacy?

**A:** Because you are then "letting go" of the cravings for physicality. {That is, celibacy when one has let go of cravings is effortless. Celibacy that is an effort is probably not positive because it is done in an effort to GET something, i.e. advance to 4D.}

**Q:** (T) It is a 3rd density act which entices you to 3rd density. (L) Okay, now, what is the second most likely for advancement? {laughter} (D) We have me taken care of, now we're going to get you taken care of! (J) In order of importance... {laughter}

**A:** Does it matter?

**Q:** (D) It does to Laura, would you please answer? (L) I suppose that everyone should get to the point that they would simply desire to be totally celibate and totally let go of all physical things and so forth, but, we have left to us, at this point, heterosexuality, homosexuality, bisexuality and multisexuality {laughter} (D) We also have the ability to take pleasure in our physical bodies in those forms of sexuality. We have the ability to have pleasure in the flesh and they can't. And, what I have read, is that they envy that. (L) Is that true, that you envy our physicality?

**A:** No. Not in the least!

**Q:** (L) I have read that when you are at the higher spiritual levels that you can do a spiritual merge which is better than orgasm. Is that true?

**A:** Why do you need orgasm of any kind?

**Q:** (L) Well, it does seem to be like one of the ultimate experiences of physicality. (T) That's exactly it... it's physicality... (L) If that is so, isn't everything that exists in the physical, 3rd density world, in some way a reflection of experiences or states of being on higher realms?

**A:** 3rd density as you experience it is an illusion you have been fed to continue your imprisonment therein.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, there is no cosmic orgasm that keeps the worlds in existence as exemplified by the eternally copulating Vishnu and Shiva?

**A:** That is Bull! {laughter}

**Q:** (L) Well, they teach this stuff in the Eastern religions and they even have the idols sculpted in this posture...

**A:** That is a rationalization to continue the illusion.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, the orgasmic experience is quite literally a lure to keep us... (D) Controlled... (T) And in the third level... (L) Is that true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Let's go back to a question I asked in another session on this same subject: what happens to our energy at the point of orgasm? Where does that energy go?

**A:** Drains to 4th level STS.

**Q:** (T) Is this a manifestation of the Lizards feeding off of us?

**A:** STSers there retrieve it.

**Q:** (T) So, orgasm is a 3rd density manifestation of the 4th density consumption of 3rd density energy?

**A:** One of their methods.

**Q:** (D) In "Bringers of the Dawn" it talks about sex and it says that it is an expression of love and so forth and that you should not have sex with someone who does not really love you.

**A:** Love is all that is needed.

**Q:** (L) If two individuals, as an expression of true love at higher levels, desire to express this love in a physical way, is it possible to channel the energy in a positive way without feeding the 4th level STS guys?

**A:** Nope.

**Q:** (L) In other words, no matter what you do, how you think, or whatever, that's where it goes?

**A:** Sex is a physical craving.

**Q:** (V) So, when the big transition comes, let me assume, anybody who is having sex at the time or has any kind of sexual relationships around that time is not going to transition because of that? (L) I don't think so... (V) Well, I just want to get this clear. Is that true?

**A:** No. Transition is the "Millennium." A thousand years is the 3rd level interpretation.

**Q:** (L) So, for a thousand years we will be living as physical beings in 4th density... so to speak... making this transition during this period... and, by the time it is over we will have done away with our physical appetites?

**A:** Close. Some will be there at the beginning, others will need more "time."

**Q:** (T) So, when we are on the 4th density, we are still in the physical, and we will still be consuming, will we then be consuming that energy from 3rd density, the orgasmic energy, or something like that?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (D) Even if we are STO?

**A:** Not if completely STO.

**Q:** (D) Then how do we get energy.... we get energy from each other. Which is more powerful... the service... well we have to be service to others... (L) That is because STO multiplies and grows... STS just fragments, segregates, and gets smaller and smaller... (J) The law of diminishing returns. (D) We can access or receive other's energies as we give our own?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (D) Well, then, that is where Service to Others is Service to Self. (L) Any last messages? I feel a lot of changing going on here. Is there anything for any of us in the way of guidance?

**A:** Only if requested specifically.

**Q:** (D) Am I contacting you when I channel at home?

**A:** Yes but be careful of corrupting influences. Soulsearch, T\_\_.

**Q:** (T) I've been soul searching and soul surfing, too! Is Keen Industries going to do anything with me?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (T) Will I be able to contact you?

**A:** Here.

END OF SESSION

