## October 7, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV, Nova M

[The tape from this session was destroyed and this is the best reconstruction possible from the notes. The answers are exactly as given, but the questions are as close as I can remember them. The ones I do not remember are left blank.]

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Tomorria of Cassiopaea.

Q:

**A:** Channel.

Q:

**A:** No, it is just merely the point at which we must review for you the modus as opposed to the locus. You have begun to lose sight of the fact that Cassiopaea is a channeling point for three level density transfer, not our "home," as such.

**Q:** (L) The constellation of Cassiopeia is the third density level transfer point?

**A:** Yes, but 3 level, not 3rd level. And kindly please excuse young one, as is risky at this point!!

**Q:** [Child is sent to bed.] (L) So, you are saying that Cassiopeia is the point where three density levels converge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I have thought about my question from the last session and I want to ask it this way: You have said that Hitler received instructions from higher density beings about creating a 'Master Race.' Why were the Aryan genetic types seen to be more desirable for creation of this Germanic 'master race?'

**A:** Both similarity and ancestral link most unblemished from Orion 3rd and 4th density stock.

**Q:** (L) So they were essentially trying to breed a group of people like themselves?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Didn't it occur to them that they could do this more easily?

**A:** Not point. How would you suggest creation?

**Q:** (L) Okay. They were preparing this breeding ground, so to speak. Obviously this was for the introduction of some other genetic strain. What was this?

**A:** Nephalim.

**Q:** (L) Well, if the Nephilim are coming in ships, 36 million of them, why bother to create half-breeds here?

**A:** Yes, but having an "advance party" makes 3rd density conquest much easier.

**Q:** (L) So, this Master Race was supposed to get everything ready...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is it about the Semitic genes that was considered to be so undesirable in the creation of this 'Master Race?'

**A:** Would blemish genetic characteristics inclined to ruthlessness and domination.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that there is something, some genetic tendency or set of genes in the Semitic type that would counteract this?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) But isn't the nature of a person determined by their soul and not the physical body?

**A:** Partially, remember, aural profile and karmic reference merges with physical structure.

**Q:** (L) So you are saying that particular genetic conditions are a physical reflection of a spiritual orientation? That the soul must match itself to the genetics, even if only in potential?

**A:** Yes, precisely.

**Q:** (L) So a person's potential for spiritual advancement or unfoldment is, to a great extent, dependent upon their genes?

**A:** Natural process marries with systematic construct when present.

**Q:** (L) Well, if that is the case, and the aliens are abducting people and altering their genes, can they not alter the genes so that higher level souls simply cannot come in?

**A:** Not incarnative process, natural biological processes. Incarnative involves strictly ethereal at 5th density and lower, and thus is enveloped in triple cycle "veil" of transfer which is impregnable ay any means. However, any and all 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th processes can be manipulated at will and to any degree if technology is sufficient.

**Q:** (L) Getting back to what you said at the beginning, is it possible that all other channeled material that is designated as this or that 'alien group' comes through a 'transfer point' and then is corrupted so that the person receiving it believes that it is from an actual alien race?

**A:** Yes, remember, Matrix material, like all others, contains confused concepts at some points. Antareans, Arcturians, and Cassiopaens refers more to the transfer locator for channel groove rather than residence. Some have come in after the fact and planted fables regarding "races" of beings living in, and travelling from, various places as referenced from your perspective.

**Q:** (L) Well, who are all these groups giving this information?

**A:** Many different groups and individuals. Now, there are indeed actual residential locators mentioned in various writings which are factual. Orion, obviously, Zeta Reticuli, Rigel, Barnard's Star, Sirius Region, though not the actual astronomic body as mentioned.

**Q:** (L) Who are the 'Orange' aliens mentioned as being the 'Council of Nine?'

**A:** Orange is reference to hair color.

[Personal Questions and answers for Nova M redacted]

**Q:** (L) Now, we have wondered about obtaining and taking some of this Monoatomic Gold.

**A:** Are you serious? How about some small helpings of arsenic, anyone?

[ NM leaves.]

**Q:** Question about upcoming UFO conference, whether we should try to go or not.

**A:** We have message for you, but if NM must leave, no need to hold her back, as message is for group. Review:; what did we say about weather. Why do you suppose "Opal" occurred at time, place reference point?

**Q:** (L) To put a stop to the UFO conference in Gulf Breeze? Does this mean we ought to stay home?

**A:** Up to you, but, suggest deferment, we could tell you of titanic battle!!!!

**Q:** (L) So, hurricanes are a reflection of battles at higher levels? Did the good guys win?

**A:** Yes, but not concluded, and we fear for those drawn to locator because of sinister plans by 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) Plans such as what? More weather phenomena or something more direct?

**A:** Both, several options open to them, and in works; monstrous hurricane to hit during conference, or tornado strikes Embassy Suites hotel, or bomb blast levels conference center, of mass abductions and mental controls initiated in order to cause dissention and possibly violence, followed by extreme factionalization.

[Strangely, in a weird sort of way, the above sounds very much like the events of 9-11 and all that followed, though the location and context is different. One wonders if this was a bleed-through of that future reality in some sense? After all, 9-11 was still six years in the future at the time of this session and if it was already in the planning stage, it may have been that the venue and MO had not been entirely finalized.]

**Q:** (L) So, there is the possibility that something really positive could come from the connections made at the conference. Was this directed at us specifically?

**A:** Yes, why do you suppose it has been disrupted as of now? And have you noticed that the hurricanes have been increasing in October, rather than decreasing as would normally be true?

**Q:** (L) Well, then, I guess we will be staying home.

**A:** Free will.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that's it for tonight. Good Night.

END OF SESSION

