## May 13, 1995
Frank, Laura, Jan and Terry, SV

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Hello. (J) Did we just have somebody else horn in on the channel? (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Rolora.

**Q:** (L) Did somebody else just horn in on the board a moment ago? {Referring to garbled exchange that occurred prior official "hello" process.}

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, my mother and I got a Play 4 number on the board the other night and three of the numbers were correct, what source did we get those from?

**A:** Laumer.

**Q:** (L) Is he still hanging around?

**A:** All can "hang around," if they choose.

**Q:** (J) Has my mother ever been present?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask, since it is probably bugging everybody at the moment, what is the source of this oppressive heat we have been experiencing?

**A:** Normal weather pattern variation.

**Q:** (L) Well, why isn't my air conditioner working well enough to keep the house cool?

**A:** House was not built with air conditioning in mind.

**Q:** (L) Well, you got that right. Okay, we have a couple of questions we would like to get into. Jan noticed that there was a symbol on the Windows Wingdings file that is quite similar to the symbol that Ann B\_\_\_\_ uses on her Reiki brochures. We would like to know what is the source of this symbol and why the variation?

**A:** Ethereal memory.

**Q:** (L) What is the meaning?

**A:** Interconnection of reality in general.

**Q:** (L) Is this a useful symbol to use in Reiki?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (J) Why is it different in the fonts from the one used by Ann \_\_\_?

**A:** "Different strokes for different folks."

**Q:** (L) Is there anything further on this subject that you can, would, or should give us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Okay, last week we did a spirit release on myself and Susan with Frank acting as proxy. We also inquired about information about protection for ourselves. Was the information that was given through Frank, at that time, an accurate portrayal of how we can best protect ourselves?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (L) Okay, one of the things that was said was that we don't really have to worry about cutting people off or out of our lives, but just to be aware of the potential of what they may be carrying, and that this awareness can actually create the barrier. Is this correct?

**A:** Largely.

**Q:** (L) Is it also, as I have conjectured, a good idea to sometimes limit contact with people who may be carriers of negative energy, or who may have...

**A:** In extreme cases.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, if a person is extremely toxic, it is best to just stay away from them or limit contact?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (J) I would like to ask about the experience Terry and I were having about my emotional imbalances. (L) Okay... Jan, actually everybody has been experiencing this attack situation...

**A:** Has caused stomach problems.

**Q:** (L) Have you been having stomach problems? (J) No more than usual. (L) Okay, the situation that Terry and Jan have, that she perceives as attack, was that, in fact, an attack?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (T) What else was involved?

**A:** Biological changes.

**Q:** (J) Monthly hormonal?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) That fits. (L) Susan has been experiencing a situation that I experienced in the past. She perceives a misty presence in her room. What is the source of this presence, this fog?

**A:** Entity ID "code."

**Q:** (L) And what kind of entity is it?

**A:** Sublinear yeti like.

**Q:** (T) What does sublinear mean?

**A:** Scrambled identifier of channel mechanism.

**Q:** (T) Are we talking about encryption here?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it something being sent through the dimensional curtain and does it need Susan's energy to reassemble itself?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it having trouble reassembling itself?

**A:** Chose Susan due to past imprint.

**Q:** (SV) What do you mean, "Past Imprint?"

**A:** Past associations have brought about conflicting imprints into your channeling aura.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way she can change these past associations or imprints?

**A:** Go to places where traumatic events occurred, and "reload with current aural pattern."

**Q:** (SV) Well, that would be all over the country. (T) Visualize them.

**A:** Not sufficient, must replace physically.

**Q:** (T) Is this all over from everywhere, all her life, or just recently?

**A:** Traumatic events are easily accessible.

**Q:** (L) In other words, she will know. Okay, since this situation she has experienced was very similar to the one I experienced when I was pregnant with {my first child}, was this similar?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was the fog I experienced?

**A:** Entity imprint brought on by unusual stress.

**Q:** (J) Because of the baby?

**A:** Partly. Pregnancies may cause unusual psychic awareness.

**Q:** (L) What is the intent of this fog in Susan's room?

**A:** Not correct conceptualization.

**Q:** (SV) Well, I don't feel any fear, I just wonder if it is eyestrain. (T) What was the mist I saw the other day?

**A:** Ozone.

**Q:** (L) JW called today and talked to me a little bit about the Oklahoma bombing. Now, we haven't talked about it too much... he did bring up some interesting claims. Was the Oklahoma bombing an "inside job," that is, was it done by agents of the government itself?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) Okay, was the Oklahoma bombing done by the persons who have been arrested for it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was the Oklahoma bombing accomplished by the fertilizer bomb placed in the truck parked outside the building?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It was not accomplished by any bomb inside the building?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was Timothy McVeigh influenced to do this by forces outside of himself?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Were these forces human or other?

**A:** Other.

**Q:** (L) Was it as I have written in my piece "The Politics of Metaphysics?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was that piece essentially channeled?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Was anything that JW said about the size of the bomb correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Was anything John said about it correct?

**A:** In general, no.

**Q:** (T) So he is mouthing rumors or making stuff up, or passing on made-up stuff?

**A:** Within circles in which he moves.

**Q:** (J) What circles does he move in?

**A:** Anti-government militia types.

**Q:** (T) Is he an agent?

**A:** Of what sort?

**Q:** (T) Is he a government agent?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is he a STS agent?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Is he trying to influence things?

**A:** Forces trying to influence things are working through him.

**Q:** (T) He is not working for the CIA, or the NSA, or the FBI, or military intelligence, or anything like that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) You told us before that he worked for the NSA... (T) The CIA...

**A:** CIA stands for Confusion Is Apparent!

**Q:** (T) He is a Confusion Is Apparent agent?

**A:** Might as well be.

**Q:** (J) He's doing their work but he is not on their payroll. (T) He is doing as good a job as they are putting out the disinformation. (L) Earlier we had a discussion about where we wanted to move. My husband has his ideas, we all have our ideas, and we just want to know, in terms of just being happy and content with the surroundings, of the places mentioned: South Dakota, North Carolina, which would be more pleasant?

**A:** As we have told you before, moving is pointless, as it is a manifestation of 3rd density thinking, and would thus regress you severely. It is not "where you are that matters, it is who and or what you are that counts."

**Q:** (L) That is not the point that we were talking about. We were not talking about moving out of fear. We were talking about moving out of the simple desire to not live in this area any longer because we don't like it! I want to get out of the heat!

**A:** That is 3rd density in the extreme!!!

**Q:** (T) That is just something we decided to do, like Noah building the ark, we thought it would be a good idea.

**A:** Then do it, but don't expect us to be there!

{At the time, I felt that this was a strong influence from Frank who was very much against anyone making any changes at all, let alone moving.}

**Q:** (L) Since Terry and Jan have the urge to acquire larger space for themselves, what would you propose they do if not move to North Carolina?

**A:** Does larger space automatically equate long distance move?

**Q:** (J) No, it doesn't, but I don't want to spend the kind of money required to get a larger house in St. Petersburg. This is something we have talked about for a long time.

**A:** Is St. Petersburg your only option?

**Q:** (J) We don't know, we have to find that out. It depends on what happens with jobs and other things. (L) Is my financial situation blocked because of my plans and ideas about moving?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) If I changed my thought patterns in that regard, would my financial situation become unblocked?

**A:** If you open your mind to any and all possibilities, this always unblocks.

**Q:** (J) Well, that is what we are trying to do, and one of the possibilities is moving to North Carolina. (L) Okay, I say that I don't know what the Universe wants me to do. I am just waiting to see, and waiting for direction. What more can I do?

**A:** Good!

**Q:** (J) That's what we are doing. We are trying to open our minds up to all the possibilities. Something may open up here, or in St. Pete, or somewhere else. We don't know. And, unless we open all the doors to find the one that's right. We have to shake all the bushes.

**A:** As long as you wish to communicate with us, and learn from the information we are sharing with you, multitudes of possibilities will present themselves to you.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean even for my husband, that he will get a good job? Is his potential also connected to this communication?

**A:** If a "good job" is what he desires, yes, however, if others are trying to convince him that that is what he desires, then there will continue to be blocking of the "flow" taking place! L\_\_\_ is of the utmost importance to us!

**Q:** (L) Why do I keep having dreams of him abandoning me and the kids when the UFOs start landing?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (J) That's your fear. (L) Okay, you say he is of the utmost importance. Could you give us a clue about that, please?

**A:** All are.

**Q:** (L) Okay, he would like to have some advice as to how to shape his life from this point on?

**A:** Do what you really want to, and all else will fall into place, but don't procrastinate or "dream your life away."

**Q:** (L) Okay, have we pretty much exhausted this subject and should we move onto something else here?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (J) I think we have pretty much exhausted the subject. We don't know what is going to happen and we are just waiting to see what the Universe has to offer.

**A:** Good! Cope.

**Q:** (L) What does cope refer to?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (L) I have to cope with what is going on?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (J) That's what we are doing, one day at a time.

**A:** Laura is dragging so badly that the channel is oscillating. Save for better circumstances.

**Q:** (L) Then, we will say goodnight.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

