## December 2, 1995
Frank, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello, is anyone there? Do you still love us?

**A:** Silly Billy!

**Q:** (L) Well, sometimes one needs a little reassurance! Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Rommolah Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) As you know, T&J were here last night and I felt a lot of very strange sensations, as though there was something very dark that came in with them. My stomach was actually hurting. What is going on?

**A:** Specifics.

**Q:** (L) Is there some negative energy there?

**A:** Is chided.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** As your learning center library.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the dictionary says: to scold, to reprove mildly. Who is scolding him?

**A:** These are the circumstances unfolding.

**Q:** (L) The circumstances unfolding are going to chide him or are in the act of chiding him?

**A:** The latter.

**Q:** (L) Well, I sort of felt an energy that was NOT him, but that was following him and came in with him. I even thought I heard it say: "He's ours!"

**A:** If attached, it is a "fluid" situation.

**Q:** (L) Well, they were both talking about plans to start another channeling group with Andrew B\_\_ and then another still after they move away, because they are now talking about moving to Tallahassee. So, obviously they do not now, nor does it seem that they ever had, any intentions of being permanent group members. Or did I misunderstand?

**A:** Obviously.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am sorry that they feel this way. I have essentially prepared all my life to do this, and so has Frank. They have helped a lot.

**A:** Group would have too many chiefs and not enough indians.

**Q:** (L) Now, this situation going on with Roxanne has made me think that I ought to decline editing her magazine. Any comment?

**A:** Beware not to misread. Roxanne is strongly influenced in her behavior by biological cycles.

**Q:** (L) So, I should just let it pass?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought the magazine was a good idea...

**A:** Let the "flow" guide you in decisions regarding your actions.

**Q:** (L) That is pretty much what I try to do. Well, if Roxanne is being influenced by biology, and Terry is being chided, what is happening to me? I mean, I get dumped on by one, and then less than 12 hours later I get dumped on by the other, and then my husband dumps on me on top of all of it and it is just more than I can handle.

**A:** Suggest ventilation of room. Ionizing factors level balance.

**Q:** (L) [Open windows] Do the ionizing factors have anything to do with the people who have been in this room in the past few days?

**A:** All connects. You may close the windows later for comfort after balance is restored.

**Q:** (L) When we did the session on October 21st, we were talking about robotoid type people, or reanimated humans, and that this is what is done rather than cloning and replacing. Then you said I had been in contact with 7 of these, and we identified one of them. Then, we talked about profiles, and it was indicated that a "bland" personality might have something to do with identification. You also said that you could not identify the others right at that moment. Can you now do so?

**A:** Search your "files." Learning is sometimes best accomplished by study and exploration.

**Q:** (L) Can I have a couple more clues as to what I am looking for? You mentioned being in a hospital...

**A:** Non-emotive. There are other clues which you can discover by your own study. It would not be advantageous for us to give you further information on this subject. Speculation about this particular subject will throw you off track.

**Q:** (L) Is the subject as important as I think it might be?

**A:** Ultimately, but not yet!!

**Q:** (L) I did an interview that was taped and broadcast on a local television station. I am curious as to whether that will lead to any further similar activity?

**A:** Like a pot on rising boil.

**Q:** (L) Let's get off the personal things and onto interesting things.

**A:** Thank you!

**Q:** (L) Did the Germans construct a time machine during WWII?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They actually did it?

**A:** Ja.

**Q:** (L) Were the German experiments in time travel carried to the U.S. after the war?

**A:** In splintered form.

**Q:** (L) Did the U.S. take possession of a time machine constructed by the Germans?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why not?

**A:** Was taken elsewhere.

**Q:** (L) Where?

**A:** Mausenberg, Neufriedland.

**Q:** (L) Still in Germany?

**A:** Nein!

**Q:** (L) Where is Mausenberg?

**A:** Antarktiklandt.

**Q:** (L) Who is in control of or running this machine?

**A:** Klaus Grimmschackler.

**Q:** (L) I didn't mean a specific person, a group. Americans or Germans?

**A:** Deutsche.

**Q:** (L) Did they use this machine to transport themselves there and also in time?

**A:** Has been performed in Glophen in gestalt, bit, yie aire das gluppen und werstalt de vir seinderfor bidde.

**Q:** (L) Why are you giving this so that we don't understand?

**A:** Sorry, got the transmissions mixed up due to subject matter.

**Q:** (L) Getting back to this German time machine: did the Germans capture a crashed, or retrieve a crashed, UFO during the war?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who was flying that craft - excuse me - OPERATING that craft?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) Were the Germans able to back engineer and construct other craft similar to the one they captured?

**A:** Did not need to. They got the information on such things from channeled sources.

**Q:** (L) Did the Germans get the information from the Vril Society?

**A:** Partly. Also Thule Society.

**Q:** (L) These individuals who have this time machine in Antarctica, what are they doing with it or what do they plan to do with it?

**A:** Exploring time sectors through loop of cylinder.

**Q:** (L) What is a loop of cylinder?

**A:** Complex, but is profile in 4th through 6th density.

**Q:** (L) Are there any particular goals that they have in doing this "time exploration?"

**A:** Not up to present, as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) Well, if they escaped and took this time machine to Antarctica, are they working with any of the so-called "aliens?"

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) Are these Germans and their time machine, any part of the plan to take over earth when it moves into 4th density.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Are the Germans behind any of the conspiracies in the US?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So there is a maverick German element, but to focus on that as being the foundational aspect of this phenomenon, is to focus on the wrong thing?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Among the things that were discussed among the Germans in the Thule Society and the Vril Society, was the "Black Sun That Illuminates the Interior." Can you tell us what this "Black Sun" is?

**A:** Ultimate destiny of STS orientation.

**Q:** (L) Is this Black Sun an actual astronomical phenomenon?

**A:** In essence.

**Q:** (L) What would we know this Black Sun as? A black hole?

**A:** Good possibility.

**Q:** (L) A little off to the side, but is there any Japanese connection here?

**A:** Only to extent of level of participation in "secret" world government.

**Q:** (L) Terry has a theory that the United States is so greatly in debt to the Japanese, and that they are going to default on their obligation and cause the Japanese government to fail, and that the Japanese and some others are going to be played as the "bad guys," once again, as they were in WWII. Is this a plan in the making?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why did the X-Files have an implied Japanese experimental conspiracy blamed for the UFO/alien activity in the United States? Why are they presenting the Japanese as the Bad Guys?

**A:** Remember, the "X-Files" has a fictional basis.

**Q:** (L) I saw a film at Roxannes's house last month where very strange UFO's were seen, and she called them Merkabahs. They were like gigantic, translucent, living creatures - sort of like jelly fish - and they would appear and fade... what were these things?

**A:** 6th density manifestations through realm precursor wave influence pockets.

**Q:** (L) It seemed that the person who was filming these things could literally call them up. How was he able to do that?

**A:** Magnetic trine of loco-points on grid matrix interact with thought form projections.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that there is something extraordinary about the person?

**A:** Just from subconscious parallel transformation standpoint.

**Q:** (L) Is there some way we could manifest one of these critters if we wanted to?

**A:** Would be exceedingly difficult, as loco-matrix is not currently in your favor.

**Q:** (L) So, it is partly a function of location, a grid, if you will?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of that, Roxanne wants to move to Sedona, and she says that one of reasons she wants to do this is because "Florida is low density," in her opinion, and "Lizzieland," and full of negative entities and energies. Is this an accurate assessment?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well, I sometimes wonder... I am sure I could be a better person...

**A:** All could always be better, but judgments made in haste as an emotional reaction to events, and generalized in nature, are bound to be rife with emotionally induced prejudice.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that it is possible that she is jumping out of the frying pan into the fire by moving off to "alien-land" out there in the Southwest?

**A:** Of course! As you well know!

**Q:** (L) I feel sorry that she feels this way, and that she is possibly putting herself into danger because she does not seem to be thinking clearly right now, and there does not seem to be anything I can do or say. She is just adamant that Florida is a horrible place because of what happened to her here. In a way, I feel insulted.

**A:** Use your instincts to guide you in your associations.

**Q:** (L) Now, switching gears: while watching the alien autopsy film, we saw a massive organ that occupies the whole center of the abdominal cavity. What was that?

**A:** Heart/liver.

**Q:** (L) A combination of both in one?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They also carefully removed a solid or hard object which they then put in a small container. What was this object?

**A:** Crystal transceiver.

**Q:** (L) What was all the loose matter?

**A:** Organic tissue. Not important.

**Q:** (L) Was it a female or a male?

**A:** Both and neither.

**Q:** (L) Was it a being that could reproduce sexually?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What kind of nourishment was required by that being?

**A:** Saline gelatin globules.

**Q:** (L) Did it eat as we do, through the mouth?

**A:** Cordates.

**Q:** (L) What? What is that?

**A:** Applications using biological microforms to metastasize through primary glandular channels. [See note at end.]

**Q:** (L) Did that being use oxygen as in breathing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where were the lungs?

**A:** Side of dorsal cavity.

**Q:** (L) I have read about a species of Gray aliens that are VERY tall and have "rows of teeth." I assume that this means more than one row of teeth. What are they?

**A:** Biogenetic constructs.

**Q:** (L) You said once before that there was 16 species or groups on both sides of the "conflict" on the planet. That is, STS and STO. Have we known or experienced any interactions with other so called "good guys?"

**A:** Not as of yet.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me anything about young Dom, who seems to be surprisingly well-informed for one so young?

**A:** Discovery and observation, bearing in mind previous learnings in order to build profile.

**Q:** (L) Who and what are the Mantid type beings that were seen in Mexico and purportedly caught on film?

**A:** Elapiddorian.

**Q:** (L) Where are they from?

**A:** Orion.

**Q:** (L) What are they here for?

**A:** Interaction study, are project of Minturians, as they resemble physical profile. Is study to determine compatibility with 3rd density surface equation.

**Q:** (L) They are trying to learn if they can manifest on Earth?

**A:** After realm border crossing.

**Q:** (L) Just when is this realm border crossing gonna happen?

**A:** Open!

**Q:** (L) I tried! Now, tell me about Val.

**A:** Learn through active pursuit of contact and observation.

**Q:** (L) Do you think he would ever come to a session?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) This year the UFO conference in Gulf Breeze is in the Spring. Is this the one we are supposed to go to?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is my husband being such a jerk lately? I know that is a personal question, but I can't handle the stress.

**A:** Jerk is subjective.

**Q:** (L) I know. But I need some advice.

**A:** Just combine spiritual resources... and Good Night!

END OF SESSION

Chordates form a phylum of creatures that are based on a bilateral body plan, and is defined by having at some stage in their lives all of the following:

A notochord, in other words a fairly stiff rod of cartilage that extends along the inside of the body. Among the vertebrate sub-group of chordates the notochord develops into the spine, and in wholly aquatic species this helps the animal to swim by flexing its tail.

A dorsal neural tube. In fish and other vertebrates this develops into the spinal cord, the main communications trunk of the nervous system.

Pharyngeal slits. The pharynx is the part of the throat immediately behind the mouth. In fish the slits are modified to form gills, but  in some other chordates they are part of a filter-feeding system that extracts particles of food from the water in which the animals live.

Post-anal tail. A muscular tail that extends backwards behind the anus.

An endostyle. This is a groove in the ventral wall of the pharynx. In filter-feeding species it produces mucus to gather food particles, which helps in transporting food to the esophagus.  It also stores iodine, and may be a precursor of the vertebrate thyroid gland.

