## January 10, 1995
Frank and Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello. I wonder if they will show up?

**A:** We always show up.

**Q:** (L) Thank you very much. I have some pretty serious questions I want to ask tonight, so please be patient with me even if I do ask questions that are not quite in line.

**A:** Okay but such sessions drain you physically, thus must be kept short.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it will be short. I just have a few questions. The first question is: my doctor sent me to a chiropractor. This chiropractor does not adjust me like any chiropractor I have ever been to. In fact, I feel that he is making me worse.

**A:** Go to another.

**Q:** (L) Is this, in fact, some sort of a scam?

**A:** Money is only concern there. Not your welfare.

**Q:** (L) Okay, could you, at this point, access the names of chiropractors in our area and give me a recommendation... should I go to D\*\*\* H\*\*\*? It's an awful long drive to make after adjustments.

**A:** That must be up to you. McG\*\*\*.

{Turned out to actually be a local chiropractor; I went to him and had good results.}

**Q:** (L) I have here a diagram of my cellar and I am going to put it on the board and I would like you to please, locate it on this diagram?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) {Places diagram on table; planchette indicates location.} Is that the spot right there? {puts finger on spot.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, thank you very much.

**A:** More than one place.

**Q:** (L) Oh, well sorry. {places diagram back on table; planchette moves and indicates location.} Okay, this sector here? Any other places? {planchette indicates 3rd place.}

**A:** Across steps underneath.

**Q:** (L) Is that all of it, now?

**A:** Maybe. Eccentric former owner died before he could retrieve.

**Q:** (L) What year was this put there?

**A:** Between 1933 and 1945.

**Q:** (L) On this one spot where I have my finger, how deep must we dig?

**A:** Near surface.

**Q:** (L) And this spot that goes under the steps?

**A:** Deeper.

**Q:** (L) So, he dug the hole and buried stuff and then he built the cellar and built the stairs on top of it, is that it? About how deep is this going to be?

**A:** Discover, but be careful of shifting sands.

**Q:** (L) I bet he dug the cellar and put it in to cover up his activities. What was this guy up to other than digging this cellar?

**A:** Seek records at city hall.

**Q:** (L) Do we have a well, a usable well, on our property?

**A:** Useable for what?

**Q:** (L) For drinking water.

**A:** It is 260 feet to good drinking water. To get crystalline water.

**Q:** (L) Is there a well here that would still pump water even if not for drinking?

**A:** Iron high.

**Q:** (L) Is there a pipe in the ground on this property that was formerly used as a well that could still be used?

**A:** Yes. Iron is too high for drinking.

**Q:** (L) Now, I am sure you are aware of how V\_\_ is feeling. I think she took offense at the fact that you used the word "Bullshit" the other night...

**A:** V\_\_ should talk!! Mirth! Word is used commonly by your people.

**Q:** (L) Well, I know that and I wasn't offended. I didn't say anything. Some words are offensive to me and I don't use them. She was also upset because you guys would not tell me about the Om 4th density resident that was in my daughter's room. Is Om an abbreviation for a type of being?

**A:** No, it is full word.

**Q:** (L) What is an Om being for the benefit of the whole world which waits breathlessly to discover the nature of this type of being?

**A:** Poltergeist-type being.

**Q:** (L) Was that Om being brought in because of the dimensional overlap or is it strictly related to my daughter?

**A:** Former mostly.

**Q:** (L) So poltergeist type beings can enter our density through these dimensional overlaps?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_ is talking about dropping out of the group because she says it is "no longer personal." I would like to know what she really means by this?

**A:** The answers conflict with her personal desires and expectations.

**Q:** (L) Well, I had the feeling from the beginning that V\_\_ was not capable of the type of objectivity needed to deal with absolutes. And then, every once in a while I would think that her dedication and determination would carry her far. But, apparently she is only dedicated and determined when it satisfies her own point of view. At times I was very sympathetic toward her struggle and then at other times I would get very agitated toward her because I don't suffer fools gladly. I expect that you guys are a lot more patient than I am. As things are at this moment, what are the chances she will come back to the group?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I didn't think you would tell me that one. Now, I have some articles in this magazine here: This is Lyssa Royal and she has "channeled for thousands around the globe since 1985. Her books and magazine articles are published in six languages worldwide. Etc., etc.," She writes here: "The human consciousness is roughly divided into three different areas for the sake of this illustration: the conscious mind, the subconscious mind and the unconscious mind." Now, are these labels generally correct?

**A:** Roughly.

**Q:** (L) She says: "The unconscious mind is a link to your greater self, it is also used as a wasteland where scary, dark things are stored that you really don't want to bring up." Is this a fairly accurate statement?

**A:** Semi-accurate.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything you can say to make the statement more accurate?

**A:** The unconscious mind is also a conduit for connecting with the higher self, other selves, and the universal mind.

**Q:** (L) Lyssa also says: "When you are a child and have a traumatic event, the subconscious not only finds a way to immediately process the information and store it, but also to protect you from further fragmentation. It must seek to create a balance." So, she says, the "very intense raw energy that is generated from trauma gets stuffed into the unconscious mind." Is this true?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) She then goes on to say: "When an extraterrestrial looks at us, we seem like multiple personality cases to them because of our mind divisions." Is this true?

**A:** Irrelevant.

**Q:** (L) Why is that irrelevant? Is it because when a higher density being looks at us they know what they are looking at?

**A:** Yes. They know and understand the separations of your minds quite precisely. That would be like saying "when a human looks at a rodent, they notice that they are excessively furry."

**Q:** (L) She goes on to say: "The ET often does not know how to communicate with a fragmented human. Sometimes they fly their ships by and few people may see them, but the greater percentage do not see them as that data gets sucked into the subconscious and the triage occurs." She means triage in the sense of the mind being so flabbergasted that it immediately shunts information into the unconscious. Is this true, that ET's are having problems communicating with us because we are the one's blocking contact?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that some people may not see ET's or UFO's because they block it from their own minds?

**A:** This can happen or the blockage may be inspired by the alien.

**Q:** (L) Now, she says: "For the most part, the average person in society does not know how to interpret telepathic contact... (Lyssa's alien talking) in the moment you start perceiving us reality starts shifting because, remember, you are one frequency and we are another." Is this true?

**A:** It is irrelevant.

**Q:** (L) Why is that irrelevant?

**A:** This is not an obstacle, as suggested by this statement.

**Q:** (L) Anyway, the article goes on: "So an ET walks up to you in your backyard and for a fragment of a moment you may perceive us. But what commonly happens is that the human will suddenly shut down usually by becoming very sleepy and falling into a sleep or type of trance state such as one that is produced by alpha or theta brain waves." Is this true? When a person sees an ET do they just turn off from the shock? Is this why most ET contact is not remembered?

**A:** It can happen but does not usually.

**Q:** (L) It says that when you start clearing out the stuff in your subconscious mind that the first layer that comes out of the subconscious is simply the top layer of priorities that were given to your subconscious mind to store and process. For the most part the first layer is not scary. It represents procrastinated perceptions that are waiting for processing by the conscious mind... then you start peeling off more layers through hypnosis or meditation and then...

**A:** We do not wish to further critique this as we can give all relevant and related information when needed. You are "comparing notes" which is fine if in moderation, but remember, separated sources are subject to variable corruption.

**Q:** (L) What is a separated source?

**A:** That which is separated from yours.

**Q:** (L) Somebody different from us? Okay, let me work on this. Our source is you, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, the source this person is getting her information from is separated from you?

**A:** From you, thus unverifiable.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't exactly get what you mean. The whole point of this article is to say that ET's who abduct people are here to help us evolve and that it is only us, if we have dark and dirty unconscious minds, who perceive them as negative.

**A:** Wrong, you do not need "help" evolving, nor does anything else.

**Q:** (L) Well, the thing that concerns me about this particular point of view is that a lot of people are using this to rationalize seeing the ET's and the abductions... can I read you just a little more?

**A:** Overall gist is enough for us.

**Q:** (L) This woman here, Dorothy Ann claims she channels dolphins and whales. Dolphins and whales are telling her that they are here to keep frequencies and to awaken energy centers on the earth, and that they are very high level beings, for eons they have kept the electromagnetic grids in the oceans, they follow the old paths etc. The grids are now in the process of being reset and the whales will be instrumental in this change of the vibrational patterns on the planet.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The dolphin kingdom has been empowered to communicate more easily with humans; the whales are awakening to their mission of greater contact and communication with other beings...

**A:** Nonsense.

**Q:** (L) So, I don't really need to go on because all of this is nonsense. Now, this guy here who channels this being called Kryon writes an article about the metaphysical Christ. I read this article and really liked it. It made me feel nice and good and pleasant. Well, I'm not even going to ask you because I like him. It says here on another page that the Milky Way galaxy is part of a system of loosely 20 other galaxies. Is this true?

**A:** Too vague, all systems can be measured thusly if desired.

**Q:** (L) So that is too arbitrary.

**A:** Also a system of every conceivable combination.

**Q:** (L) In any event, it says that all of these universes expand at the rate of 90% of the speed of light. The ultimate central sun of it all is what we vaguely call God.

**A:** We have already covered these areas and "God" is "Everything," not a central sun.

**Q:** (L) Well, he is talking about this 25 thousand year cycle where the earth passes into a photon belt that circles the Pleiadean system, and, when this photon belt hits us it is going to make all kinds of changes and it one of the small cycles, and the harmonic convergence is...

**A:** Fragmented channel.

**Q:** (L) This guy is a fragmented channel? Is there such a thing as the harmonic convergence?

**A:** If you wish to converge harmonically, you may.

**Q:** (L) So there is no photon belt circling around the Pleiades that hits us every 25,000 years?

**A:** If this was true, don't you think we would have informed you by now?

**Q:** (L) Well, sometimes you don't inform us of things because we don't ask the specific questions. I just wanted to check this out. Okay, he is fragmented and I can forget that! Now, next question: As you know, there is some major flooding going on in California right now.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You didn't tell us about this, did you?

**A:** Yes we did. We specifically mentioned weird weather all over.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I have communicated with this woman, this Marilynne, from the computer net, and she says she wants to move down here. She seems to be a very nice person. Anybody who does Reiki and cans applesauce is okay in my book. Is there anything you could say to her about her desire to move to this area?

**A:** Good idea!

**Q:** (L) Is one of the things I am supposed to be doing responding to IrishSir from the network even though he is so negative?

**A:** Of course, if you only network with those of like mind, what have you accomplished???

**Q:** (L) Now, our other little friend, SFPro, who says his mother is experiencing a ghost, who she thinks is her deceased husband, is this the case?

**A:** Maybe. Not crucial information.

**Q:** (L) Was the advice and information I gave him adequate?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Should I see a lawyer about my accident?

**A:** Up to you. We are not here to lead you by the hand, because then you do not learn.

**Q:** (L) I would say you are right about that. L\_\_ came over and told me that he thought that the information we were getting was quite accurate, based upon independent verification. Was he being sincere in this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) H\_\_ D\_\_ told me that I was going to meet an older, retired person around the end of the year who was going to be very instrumental in my work. Is this going to happen

{Ark?}

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Are S\_\_ and N\_\_ going to be helpful?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Any information for either of us here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, thank you. (F) They give you information about yourself when it is necessary to prevent you from falling into a black hole.

**Q:** (L) Good Night.

END OF SESSION

