## March 7, 1995
Frank, Laura, SV, MT {owner of New Age center in Tampa}, Mark (friend of Frank, son of "Dane" as written about in "Amazing Grace".}

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Sijll.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea, of course.

**Q:** (L) We have some questions tonight. We were discussing earlier this evening the 'abomination of desolation' as written about by the prophet Daniel and also spoken of by Jesus. What is this?

**A:** Disinformation.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the abomination of desolation IS disinformation, or that the writing about it is disinformation?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us anything to clarify this point?

**A:** In what way?

**Q:** (L) Who, or what was the source of that information as prophesied by Daniel?

**A:** Illuminati.

**Q:** (L) The prophecies given to Daniel were disinformation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is there an 'abomination of desolation?'

**A:** There is anything, if the definitions are unrestricted.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay. Who were the Elohim of the Bible?

**A:** Transdefinitive.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? Transcends definition?

**A:** And variable entities.

**Q:** (L) Were the Elohim 'good guys?'

**A:** First manifestation was human, then non-human.

**Q:** (L) Are they light beings as some people say?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Well, what brought about their transformation from huma to non-human?

**A:** Pact or covenant.

**Q:** (L) They made a pact or covenant with each other?

**A:** No, with 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is not good! Are you saying that the Elohim are STS? Who were these STS beings they made a pact with?

**A:** Rosteem, now manifests as Rosicrucians.

**Q:** (L) What is their purpose?

**A:** As yet unrevealable to you.

**Q:** (L) That's heavy! Okay, what is the source of the 'Keys of Enoch' teaching? James Hurtak claims that he was taken up to the higher realms and that the 'Keys' were programmed into him...

**A:** Disguised reality.

**Q:** (L) The place that he was taken to?

**A:** No the place, the message.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this disguised reality?

**A:** Research; one here studies a bit too much to discover explosive reality trailblazings.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is there coded information in this book on several levels as M\_\_ suggests?

**A:** There is coded information all over the place. Suggest slower pace of studying in order to discover earth shaking principles.

**Q:** (L) Who is studying too hard?

**A:** You. Slower would help. Remember the old parable about biting off more than you can chew?

**Q:** (MT) What are we supposed to do if not study?

**A:** MT is resistant.

**Q:** (MT) To what?

**A:** Why do you think you are having difficulty determining the course of your life?

**Q:** (MT) Resistant to what?

**A:** The message about slowing down. It is important because it is hard to see the veins in the leaves when the car is travelling too fast to see the trees clearly.

**Q:** (L) Well, she does seem to be living life in the 'fast lane,' so to speak.

**A:** Incorrect interpretation. It is not living life in the fast lane, it is trying to absorb too much too quickly.

**Q:** (L) In other words, she is running on too rich a gas mixture?

**A:** Clumsy analogy, but the right idea.

**Q:** (MT) I'm not quite sure what is meant here.

**A:** Metaphysics overload. It is a good path, but we suggest that you be more like the tortoise than the hare.

**Q:** (L) Well, she is looking for a path where she can combine her studies and also make a living.

**A:** Readings, therapies, rather than "teaching." Become the therapist rather than the therapy instructor! People crave individual attention, have you not noticed?

**Q:** (MT) Well, I make a lot more when I read than when I teach.

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (MT) How can I get more work in that respect?

**A:** That will take care of itself when you network, which you are already adept at doing.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there is a journalist coming here on Friday who wants to talk to me... {St. Pete Times, Tom French}

**A:** Be open in your mind regarding the flow of the situation. You have a tendency to forget that all do not share your ability to expand consciousness so easily.

**Q:** (L) So, you mean he is going to be a real skeptic and I am going to have to deal with validation issues?

**A:** That is not the point. The audience will be looking for flaws in the materialistic reference point, so you must be cautious, lest you be made to look irrational.

**Q:** (L) Well, then I guess I better not talk about exorcisms or anything like that.

**A:** Balance.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I will try to stay balanced. I don't want to have to leave the country. (MT) I would like to know what my connection is with the Hindu temple?

**A:** Nice people, but not your place. You needed the uplifting vibrations during a particularly stressful and disappointing period!

**Q:** (MT) Should I bring my bookstore back?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (MT) Can you suggest a way for me to find a place for my books?

**A:** One last time, network and all falls into place.

**Q:** (L) Has Mark been abducted?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Why won't you answer that?

**A:** Another session we will.

**Q:** (M) Can you indicate to me what I am supposed to do in my career?

**A:** Career path should be, as for everyone, that which is attractive, effortless and painless.

**Q:** (L) In terms of material activities, what would be the best course for Mark to follow in his healing process right now?

**A:** Don't follow. Not following anything is a key. It is up to the individual.

**Q:** (L) Could you give us in a few words, the potential in each of us, for the greatest forward movement or growth?

**A:** We cannot tell anyone of you this, because then you would not learn, and if you do not learn, you do not progress as an individual soul!

**Q:** (L) Is there such a thing as a 'soul number' as someone we know has been told?

**A:** Only if you want there to be. Time to say "good night, Gracie."

**Q:** (L) Good night.

END OF SESSION

