## November 25, 1995
Frank, Laura, Susan V

Terry and Jan had announced that they weren't happy with the Cs and were going to start their own experiment with another fellow, Andrew B, who happened to also be a self-proclaimed black magician of the Golden Dawn variety. I had already noted a distinct negative energy in some sessions (particularly those that were direct channeling), when they were present. At other times, the energy was very good. And, as things turned out years later, T & J may very well have been a balancing influence overall.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have some questions for tonight...

**A:** What, no greeting?

**Q:** (L) Hello, how are you?

**A:** Fine, thank you, how are you?

**Q:** (L) We are fine. A little bit frazzled, but I am sure you are aware of that.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In terms of this frazzled state, would you care to address that or do we need to ask questions?

**A:** Who are we?

**Q:** (L) Sorry. Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Jilliore.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L)Getting back to the subject, should we ask questions, or do you have something to address to the issue?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I would like for you to address the issue in a general way.

**A:** Learning can be a painstaking task.

**Q:** (L) Yeah. It is painful! We have been really learning. And one of the things we have been learning is that some people are sometimes detrimental to the process here. Can you comment on this?

**A:** Those you refer to must learn what they must learn.

**Q:** (L) They are on their own learning path?

**A:** As are all others.

**Q:** I don't have any bad feelings about any of it, but at the same time, I am not emotionally equipped for turmoil just now. I have enough of my own. I was curious if Andrew B was planning on pursuing the issue of channeling on his own or in company with T&J?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Andrew has said that he can only validate material such as this by bringing it in himself, and T&J seem to be of the same mind at the moment. Will they be able to connect in a similar way?

**A:** They will channel that which their frequency vibrational level dictates.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Enough on that. (F) I am just curious as to how long this experiment will last? But, that is probably unimportant. (L) It will last as long as it lasts and not a minute longer! (F) Exactly!

**A:** If you wish, you may maintain contact, and ask for updates in a friendly and informative way. The results will amuse you, if nothing else.

**Q:** (L) Enough. The other day I experienced one of those extended pre-sleep states, and it seemed that I was in a class and there was someone explaining things to me. What they were telling me was that during this Christmas season [the Christmas season of the dream], certain steps would be taken by those controlling the economy, and that after Christmas, in January and February, a whole lot of stuff was going to be put into motion to send the economy into a dive of major proportions. It was not clear that it was THIS year, but that it was right after a Christmas. Can you tell me where this information was coming from, and what was I experiencing?

**A:** This is a long and complicated subject, but we will do our best to explain it. What you were seeing was one possible future. The economy of our 3rd density world is entirely manufactured. The forces that control it are both 3rd density and 4th density. There are conflicting opinions in the 3rd density sector right now as to when, where, and how to institute an economic depression. This has been "in the works" for quite some "time" as you measure it. So far, the forces arguing against institution of a collapse have prevailed. How long this condition will be maintained is open to many outcomes. Also, please be aware that the state of the economy is entirely an illusion. In other words, the world economy performs solely based upon what the population is told to believe.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is all fine and good except for one fact that I have been observing lately, and that is that prices continue to go up, and wages for the average person do not. I watch prices, and they have been jumping in a very erratic and frightening way. I know for a fact that people simply cannot afford to live. A large segment of the population cannot, that is.

**A:** Nobody who obeys the "rules" can afford to "live," but if you refuse to play the game as you are told to, you will do quite well, indeed.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What do you mean by not playing by the rules? What rules?

**A:** The best way for us to answer that is for you to think out loud, and wait for our responses.

**Q:** (S) Rule one would be working at a regular job, 9 to 5, or 40 hours, whichever, and saving all your money and putting it in the bank.

**A:** Wait, one at a time.

**Q:** (L) Okay. The first one is that you have to have a "regular job."

**A:** "Trap" number one!

**Q:** (S) Rule number two is that you have to save your money.

**A:** You save your money by multiplying it, not storing it.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that putting it in a bank is "storing" it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that money is only "saved" if it is multiplied?

**A:** Yes. When you store it in the bank, you are helping the Brotherhood AKA Illuminati AKA Antichrist multiply it for itself, all you get is the "crumbs" left over. And, the Antichrist can "call it in" anytime it wants to!

**Q:** (L) One of the most popular ways to make money by investing is in the stock market. But, it seems to me that the stock market is also part of the Antichrist system and investing there would also amount to only getting "crumbs."

**A:** Yes and no. Not all stocks traded publicly are under direct control of the Illuminati.

**Q:** (L) Are you suggesting the stock market as a means of multiplying money?

**A:** We are not suggesting anything specific, we are just laying the groundwork. With the general clues we give you, you will figure out the details yourselves, which is tantamount to learning, which is how you progress as souls.

**Q:** (L) You said we should multiply our money and that storing it is not making it work for you....

**A:** If you notice, all successful business people do this. They multiply their money, expand their horizons, continuously. They multiply their money by multiplying their output, thus their intake likewise. And the process is never ending, because they understand instinctively that it is part of a cycle. For the intake to continue, it must not be only retained, but must increase in order to keep pace with the ever spiraling cycle of increase and expansion. And, for this to happen, the output must be expanded accordingly. When it stops, it collapses. And this is how the Illuminati AKA The Brotherhood AKA The Antichrist creates a "Panic," by stemming the flow, even only slightly, and then broadcasting the created impression aggressively.

**Q:** (S) Well, investing is fine if you have money, but Laura and Frank don't have any money to invest. What would be a way for them to do this?

**A:** One example would be to share their experiences, insights, and learnings. One way to replicate such would be to publish, for example.

**Q:** (L) I know you are 6th density light beings and we are just 3rd density humans, and it is hard for us to continue what we are doing when under constant attack from all directions, internally and externally. I don't see how we can tell about all these experiences without risking further problems.

**A:** The work has not been stopped and will not be. You have been told that publishing all or parts of your work is merely "a phone call away," but, as of yet, you have not had faith in that statement, and you have problems asking for what you want for fear of creating the wrong "impression," which is in your head and also a part of the attack process. We have lead you to this position, but you know what they say: "You can lead a horse to water..."

**Q:** (L) Phone call? Let me say that I have sent out piles of material and talked to people until I am perfectly exhausted. YOU tell me who to call and I will be happy to do it!

**A:** You have expended an enormous amount of energy communicating with many sources, but most of these are fruitless. Now, think, who was it that told you how to get published???

**Q:** (L) I have talked to Ken E\_\_\_, talked to Roxanne, sent sections of manuscript... what more am I supposed to do?

**A:** As we said, you have a problem approaching the situation directly. For example, say: "I want to be published, please help me get it done!!!"

**Q:** (F) How?

**A:** We have told you to network!! This works wonders!!! When you write letters, they get filed in the "circular file." Ask those who have been published how they did it and how to do it. Don't be afraid of impressions.

**Q:** (L) Well, publishing still seems like a distant thing.

**A:** No. Ask Valerian. Ask him to help you get published, point blank, no beating around the bush. He will be very receptive if you offer him a "cut of the action." In fact, that is what he is waiting for!

**Q:** (L) Okay. That takes care of Frank and me, what about Sue?

**A:** Susan is part of the picture for as long as she wishes to be. Good night.

END OF SESSION

