## February 9, 1995
Frank, Laura, S

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Very good.

**Q:** (L) What is very good?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) I have here Barbara's latest book... {Marciniak}

**A:** Ego driven.

**Q:** (L) This book is ego driven? So this is not so much true channeling as ego?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that she has been corrupted and is channeling Lizzies?

**A:** No. Under pressure, constriction.

**Q:** (L) So, the pressure has constricted the flow. I think I would like to ask a few questions about Frank and his tiredness. What can we do to help Frank with his tiredness?

**A:** Nothing, it is process of progress.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask a little bit about this process of "unwinding" S\_\_ has been facilitating with my body. Have you guys been watching?

**A:** Always. You have just accessed and outed globules of energy.

**Q:** (S) It's an energy cyst. (L) What is the original reason for the presence of the energy?

**A:** Anger from age 22 when you were in severe depression and had plans for suicide. The negative energy went to your arms. {was there some past life impetus for depression at this particular age?}

**Q:** (L) Is that what is wrong with my neck, also?

**A:** No. That is fibrous tumor.

**Q:** (S) Is my work going to help diminish it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) S\_\_ has been having unusual experiences in awareness as she reads the transcripts...

**A:** We are blasting open her awareness.

**Q:** (L) Well, she has been having quite a bit of success by following her inner guidance. She has also been accessing knowledge as she reads the transcripts, even well in advance of others, it seems. Is this correct?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I went to talk to the group in Orlando area and I am sure you guys had your secret eye camera while I was there. What I would like to know is what thoughts were in the mind of Jiles Hamilton and how did he react to my talk?

**A:** This ego is sexually focused and he reacts mainly to what he has to say.

**Q:** (L) Okay, this Henry Belk was a rather interesting person, I perceived something very unusual about him but I can't put my finger on it. Initially I thought he was a positive influence, or that he was one who had a great deal of knowledge, but later I thought I might be wrong in that assessment. And yet, there was something about him that I recognized. What was going through his mind?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me anything about this person, or does it matter?

**A:** No, it doesn't matter.

**Q:** (L) Did I present the material in the way it should be presented?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that when you die you go to the "Bardo?"

**A:** What is that?

**Q:** (L) Anything we need to know at this time?

**A:** Not tonight. Ask on the eleventh.

**Q:** (L) Well, goodnight.

END OF SESSION

