## May 7, 1995
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan, SV

**Q:** (T) Good evening.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Myip.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have a series of questions we would like to get into this evening. Is that going to be alright? Or do you have plans already?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) You have some plans or we can ask some questions?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Once again, since the thought was just stimulated by the sight of same, what is the story with the roaches in my house? Why are they coming inside in such numbers?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, there are all kinds of cracks and crevices for them to crawl in through, but usually, they don't.

**A:** Scent food.

**Q:** (L) They scent food and that is what they come in for?

**A:** One reason.

**Q:** (T) What's another reason?

**A:** Suggest electronic bug discourager.

**Q:** (L) You mean a bug zapper? (SV) Not the ones that zap them, just the ones that discourage them. (T) Won't that frequency interfere with the channel?

**A:** Silly question.

**Q:** (J) I didn't think so. (L) I didn't either. I mean, it's a frequency.

**A:** Too strong now is why.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let's kick into a couple of our questions here. The first one is: Who were the Sumerians?

**A:** Study mathematics.

**Q:** (L) Study mathematics? Is that the answer?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who should study mathematics?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (L) Is there something about mathematics that will tell me who they were?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have read about the Sumerians, and I have read the Sitchin material...

**A:** We are not Sitchin!

**Q:** (L) How did the Sumerians produce their civilization so suddenly and completely, seemingly out of nowhere?

**A:** Study mathematics for all possible unanswered pieces of the puzzle!!! Interpolate and use appropriate computer program, learning now increases your power tenfold, when you use some initiative, rather than asking us for all the answers directly!!!

**Q:** (L) The first thing that comes to my mind is to enter in all the dates that they have given us, create a data-base, for data, not necessarily written matter, dates of comets, civilizations, archaeological dates, findings, and so forth, and see how it crunches. Was that all the answer there? (J) I would like to have some more on crop circles.

**A:** Do you not want an increase in power?

**Q:** (L) Absolutely. Is there any underlying significance to the Great Year of 25,920 years, that is the precession of the zodiac?

**A:** See previous answers.

**Q:** (L) This is one that I don't know if mathematics will help us out with, but, what is angel hair that has been seen to fall from UFOs?

**A:** AKA "slag."

**Q:** (J) Is it byproduct of the propulsion systems?

**A:** And of transdimensional maneuvers.

**Q:** (T) That's why it dissolves and goes away. (L) Did you know that Mike F\_\_\_ has some in a glassine bag that he got somewhere and is certified angel hair! (T) He also has a UFO detector in a cigarette pack!

(L) Okay. On many occasions there have been fiery falls of objects from the sky which leave a gelatinous substance which then disappears. Is there any significance to this that we would be...

**A:** See previous answer.

**Q:** (T) Same stuff as angel hair. (L) Okay, there were very unusual circumstances surrounding the so-called "Great Chicago Fire." I would like to know if there was any impetus given this fire from other dimensional forces, or was it just a natural phenomenon?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Well, in specific, there were several people who reported what they described as literally a fiery tornado, or explosion, or fire falling from the sky that just swept upon them so suddenly and so completely that they literally had no time to do anything except barely escape with their lives.

**A:** Rumours.

**Q:** (L) Well, there were entire little towns destroyed that weren't even next to Chicago, and it happened at the same time, supposedly.

**A:** Makes "good reading."

**Q:** (L) Who constructed the great serpent mound in Adams County, Ohio?

**A:** Armonan sect.

**Q:** (T) Who are the Armonans?

**A:** Atlantean descendants.

**Q:** (T) So, this was a long time ago?

**A:** (L) Is there anything about them we would be advised to know or learn?

**A:** "Puzzle pieces."

**Q:** (L) What period of time did they live in this area, from when to when?

**A:** See answers to Sumerian question.

**Q:** (L) Well, my opinion to this whole thing is that the Sumerians and the Armonans were Atlanteans who set up shop in their respective places when Atlantis went under.

**A:** Good, now go with that.

**Q:** (L) I would say that the same answer holds for the White Horse at Uffington, in England?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (L) Well, that takes care of that. Does someone or something, as in people, or civilizations, or a group, or organization, exist inside Mount Shasta in California?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) Is there any truth to the rumor of the mystical power surrounding Mount Shasta?

**A:** Roundabout only.

**Q:** (T) But, Mount Shasta, itself, doesn't have any power related to it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Yes, Mount Shasta, itself, but not any group or entities, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any reason that we would want to pursue that line of questioning that we are not aware of?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Why is an unbearable stench of sulphur associated with Alien bodies and other related phenomena and entities?

**A:** Chemical interactions.

**Q:** (L) So, if an alien dies in 3rd density and remains in 3rd density, and decays in 3rd density, that causes a chemical reaction that creates sulphur or related compounds?

**A:** Bravo!

**Q:** (J) So, the difference in dimensions creates this? (L) Would they smell this way if they died in 4th density? (J) Well, that's a stupid question because, what is "smell" in 4th density? (L) Well, it was a trick question!

**A:** Try to think more like 4th density instead of 3 and 2.

**Q:** (L) Does this imply, since this is what I am inferring, that the aliens are chemically constructed in 4th density?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, Frank and I both had strange dreams. I dreamed last Sunday that I went outside and there was a whole lot of activity in the sky. There were alien ships shooting at each other and at the ground and it was pretty scary. There were people running around and my husband abandoned me and the children because he was so freaked out by it all. A really strange dream.

**A:** Stay tuned!

**Q:** (J) Oh, goody! (L) Was this dream prophetic?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Stay tuned, as in stay tuned during the dream to see what else happens?

**A:** For more dreams.

**Q:** (L) Are these dreams giving us information?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) I keep having repeating dreams about a female. Who is she?

**A:** See previous answer, from now on abbreviated as "SPA."

**Q:** (L) Okay, now I was reading through the transcripts a while ago and it says that a Black Hole is total non- existence which is regenerated at level one. Or, that the regeneration at level one is a reflection of a Black Hole. Is a Black Hole a level one phenomenon or a level seven phenomenon?

**A:** One through four only.

**Q:** (L) Is there any representation of the Black Hole phenomenon, that is, total non-existence, at the higher levels, that is, five through seven?

**A:** See previous answer.

**Q:** (T) Well, if the Black Hole is pure STS at level one through four, at level five through seven there is only pure STO. (SV) They said earlier that there was STS at level five and six. (T) But, that's reflection. (L) Thought form.

**A:** Encapsulated at five.

**Q:** (L) Is there, after level seven, is there another...

**A:** No "after seven," suggest "refresher course" of transcripts!

**Q:** (L) Well, the question you didn't let me finish was, is there an octave, does this step up and start the whole thing over like the octaves on a piano?

**A:** SPA.

**Q:** (L) Well, there is an awful lot of stuff being touted around about octaves and so forth.

**A:** Grand cycle, and who is doing the "touting" that you speak of?

**Q:** (L) One of the persons who talks of the octave cycle is Gurdjieff, the Sufi teachings, several of the great philosophical teachings talk about the octave effect. There is the cycle of seven and the next cycle is at a higher level and is called an octave like the segments on the musical scale.

**A:** Who are we?

**Q:** (L) The Cassiopaeans.

**A:** Yes, now, we have volunteered to assist you in your development, yes?

**Q:** (L) So, throw all that other crap out the window?

**A:** If there were a level eight, do you think we would have failed to mention it at this point?!?

**Q:** (J) Good point. (SV) They forgot! (J) Oh, by the way, did we mention level eight?! (T) Well, maybe these other people are perceiving the recycling as moving into another octave rather than just doing it all over and over. They just haven't got the information straight yet.

**A:** There are many who speak, and some who speak the truth!

**Q:** (J) Yeah, but which ones are speaking the truth? (L) The truth is out there! But why Seven? What is the significance of the number seven?

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (T) Could there as easily have been eight or nine or six?

**A:** Is there "significance" to anything?

**Q:** (L) Only the significance we give it, I guess.

**A:** And if so, what is that?

**Q:** (T) Well, it is interesting to me because it means there was a structure to the way things were set up. There must have been a reason it was selected this way as opposed to another way.

**A:** Really?

**Q:** (T) It didn't just happen. Nothing just happens! (J) Now, hold on a second, base 10 is because we have 10 fingers.

**A:** Who says?

**Q:** (T) You did.

**A:** Oh yeah?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying, essentially, that it is the way it is because things are just arbitrarily that way?

**A:** No, we are trying to teach you how to complete the puzzle.

**Q:** (T) So the reason it is what it is and why is something we have to figure out.

**A:** And you have to figure out what is reason?

**Q:** (T) The reason for what? (J) For the seven.

**A:** No. No. No. Pay attention, please. What is reason?

**Q:** (J) As in reasoning?

**A:** Much of your learning to this point is based upon assumption of definitions of reality.

**Q:** (L) And, all of our assumptions are completely wrong?

**A:** Not all.

**Q:** (J) Anything that is rooted in 3rd density doesn't apply in most of these things and that's where we have to let go.

**A:** Logic is subjective.

**Q:** (L) Is symbolic logic as is used in mathematics subjective?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) But you always come up with different things using math than mentation. Okay. Well, we opened a can of worms here. (T) We do that every time. (J) Worms are us! (laughter)

**A:** Ongoing project.

**Q:** (T) Teaching us is an ongoing project. (J) We are a can of worms. (L) Is there any point in time when these communications will end?

[Tape ends abruptly and snaps off to surprised laughter at the synchronicity. New tape inserted before continuing.]

**Q:** (L) Was that a symbolic answer to that question?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) I want to ask about my dream... I know, "See Previous Answer..." Who is the woman? Who is this being?

**A:** Stay tuned.

**Q:** (T) Oh good! This is like a cliff hanger every night! (J) Will there be more installments? (T) Maybe, because she changed tactics...

**A:** Laura tired.

**Q:** (T) Are you tired? (L) Not any more than normally. Is there any reason for that?

**A:** Open; suggest caffeine.

**Q:** (L) Pause for caffeine break! We want to know about this phenomenon of the street lights that go off as Terry and Jan drive down the road sometimes. I know this has happened to me a few times as well. Is there any significance to this phenomenon? Are Terry and Jan causing it, in other words?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us anything further about that?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Back a few years ago it seemed that an awful lot of things in my presence tended to break... windows, glasses, kerosene lamp chimneys, car windows, satellite dishes... mechanical objects would die upon my touching them.

**A:** EM anomalies.

**Q:** (L) Were these occurring because of something in me or around me?

**A:** Changes in awareness, etc.

**Q:** (L) Was there any abduction activity or contact activity going on with me at that time that contributed to this?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Could Terry and Jan's experiences with the lights be related to this type of thing?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) I guess that between open and maybe that maybe is closer to a yes. (L) It is EM anomalies and changes in awareness. (J) And, part of it, as I was saying to Terry, is that if you are not aware of what is going on around in your environment, you don't notice such things.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, in my case, it seemed to be a little more explosive so maybe I was a little more in the dark and had to be hit over the head with a two by four, so to speak.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Is that EM wave still circling the planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) It hasn't done whatever it's going to do, then?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) Something else I have noticed, triple negatives throw them off... (laughter) (J) Well, triple negatives are nasty anyway.

**A:** Crop circles.

1. A planetary "window."

2. Astronomical "twin" phenomena etc.

3. Alternating current.

4. Means: Expect to be rewarded at harvest time.

**Q:** Is this snail formation a hoax?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** What does it mean?

**A:** Open.

5. Buried memory.

6. Train.

7. Longing.

8. Knowledge through conception.

9. Sight provides confirmation.

10. Relay learnings.

11. Communication.

**Q:** (J) Well, that's the one they use for their logo. (T) I wonder if they knew that?

**A:** Wonder indeed!

12. Passage of knowledge.

13. Find necessary clues by studying cyclical patterns.

14. Family.

15. Season of change.

16. Grand advance.

17. Universe as laboratory.

18. Dimensional crossover.

19. Physical life pictorial.

**Q:** Why the dead porcupine?

**A:** Scrambled body chemistry.

**Q:** Are the porcupines significant in these figures?

**A:** Learn. You have enough material to digest for now, so good luck and until the next time, goodbye.

END OF SESSION

