## June 9, 1995
Frank and Laura

**A:** Zauto.

**Q:** (L) Is that your name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I like Z names. Where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I have several questions tonight. Are you open for questions?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (L) The first one is: On Tuesday night, I did a spirit release on a fellow named V\_\_ M\_\_. It seemed to get a little rough. What type of entity were we dealing with?

**A:** STS

**Q:** (L) What density level?

**A:** Fifth. [Demonic.]

**Q:** (L) Was I successful in freeing V\_\_ from this domination?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is that STS entity gone for at least this time?

**A:** From direct attachment.

**Q:** (L) Is that entity going to try to return?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Does V\_\_ have further attachments at this time?

**A:** Slight.

**Q:** (L) So, the next session it will be a cake-walk?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Will it be possible for me to release the attachments to his girl friend at a distance?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Should I attempt it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything about V\_\_ I should know?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) V\_\_\_ is worried about her living situation. She was meditating and tried to send light into the apartment near her because the people there are very negative. She felt like something slammed back at her. She would like to know what this was?

**A:** V\_\_\_ seeks protection, but does not promote it.

**Q:** (L) Was it karmically an error to direct light into someone else's living space without their permission?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would it have been better to just surround herself with light?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When I do the next spirit release with V\_\_, would it be alright to have Tom and Cherie present?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) What about their "prejudices?"

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) I went to the doctor for the final check-up. When can I expect a settlement and how much?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, how much?

**A:** Worry not, we have instructed you to have faith in such matters. Otherwise, valuable energy is wasted, and besides, "a watched pot never boils!"

**Q:** (L) Well, the thing about that is that I wonder if you guys were behind that whole accident thing in order to provide funds to me...

**A:** Maybe. So have faith!

**Q:** (L) It is not a lack of faith, just curiosity!

**A:** Which killed the cat!

**Q:** (L) But satisfaction brought him back!

**A:** Oh yeah?

**Q:** (L) Yeah! And, when I get satisfied I feel good all over! Is the attack still going on?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** (L) I read in a book about a monster called the "Beast of Gevaudan Who or what was this beast?

**A:** Other dimensional "window faller."

**Q:** (L) You mean it fell into our dimension from another through a dimensional window?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that would explain a lot of things about it. What about the creature known as "Spring-Heel Jack" who terrorized England some time ago?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) What about the Mothman in West Virginia?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) So, windows to other dimensions are the explanation for a whole host of strange things?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is [my daughter] so afraid of sleeping in her own bed lately?

**A:** Simple blossoming of awareness and consciousness evolvement.

**Q:** (L) Why is Frank so tired lately?

**A:** Depression.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can do to help?

**A:** Let it "run its course," karmic in nature.

**Q:** (L) Well, Frank has such a lovely aura, how can he have such icky karma?

**A:** Not "icky" karma, has to do with adjustment factors.

**Q:** (L) As soon as he adjusts in some way, he will stop having these depressions?

**A:** Not point.

**Q:** (L) What is the point. I mean, he is suffering. It is awful to have to spend so much time suffering.

**A:** Adjustment process.

**Q:** (L) What is he adjusting from to?

**A:** Not to be answered at this point.

**Q:** (L) Edgar Cayce said you could just stop karma at any point by opening your awareness and making a decision. Why can't Frank do that? Can anybody do that? Can you just say: "I've had enough," and stop it?

**A:** No, because not usual circumstance.

**Q:** (L) Is Frank's karma "special" karma?

**A:** Subjective. Different.

**Q:** (L) Different from the usual. Is there any thing that he could do to make it better? Any clue? Any word of encouragement?

**A:** Won't change until environment does.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean the environment as in the whole planet, or his personal environment?

**A:** Former.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean he is going to have this until we all go to 4th density?

**A:** Until status quo is abridged.

**Q:** (L) What is the status quo?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** (L) So, it doesn't mean going into 4th density necessarily, but until the status quo of the planet is abridged, or some change occurs in the status quo?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, when some sweeping changes in the status quo of the planet occur, Frank will "come into his own?" Is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is this going to happen soon?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I couldn't help myself! Thank you so much!

**A:** Goodbye.

[Definition of status quo: the existing state of affairs. Abridged: to lessen, reduce in scope; lessen or curtail rights or authority.]

END OF SESSION

