## December 21, 1996
Frank, Laura, Alice, VG

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Fonorrea.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) The first question on my mind before we get to any of these other questions is: who is giving information to Sheldon Nidle about the photon belt and the mass landings that are supposed to take place on the 31st of December and the 1st of January?

**A:** Sheldon Nidle.

**Q:** (L) It is just coming out of his own head? He is not seeing any beings or channeling anything?

**A:** Okay, close enough.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask about this fellow Jim, in a somewhat indirect way. This is a person who corresponds with Ark on a variety of subjects {and claims to have inside connections to deep government ops}. This last question that he was asked was: (reading) "Do you know about any possible relation between deep space travel and DNA structure? Or between crop circles coding and CNA coding? Have you ever been told or shown something about DNA? Like relation between time rate and the structure of our genes?" And, here is what Jim replied: "Yes, but I have been warned not to discuss this matter where it is open to unknown ears." Could you comment on that?

**A:** The best thing for Ark to do is request "closed" correspondence.

**Q:** (L) Does this guy have some knowledge about DNA or crop circles?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Okay, Mother, ask your question. (A) There are a lot of things that I want to know, and some, I am sure, are important, but I don't know the sequence that I want to follow.

**A:** Ask away.

**Q:** (A) So many things have happened to me, that I am wondering if something happened to my brain in this life or another that would explain my thinking.

**A:** More specific, please.

**Q:** (A) Did anything happen in another life that has caused me problems in this life?

**A:** The answer is yes, as with all others.

**Q:** (L) What happened to cause these mental problems?

**A:** Not mental, emotional.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us a little bit about it?

**A:** Death of a twin in the last lifetime. Farming accident in 1880's.

**Q:** How did this twin die?

**A:** Fell off of the ox-driven combine, driven by father. Was decapitated.

**Q:** (L) Were they male or female twins?

**A:** Male.

**Q:** (L) And what were their names?

**A:** Lucas and Lawrence. Lucas was the one that died.

**Q:** (L)Where was Mother, as Lawrence, at the time?

**A:** In the house.

**Q:** (L) And what kind of emotion has carried over into this lifetime?

**A:** Her longing is insatiable as she is always "looking for love" due to her loss.

**Q:** (L) How old was Lucas when this happened?

**A:** 8 years old.

**Q:** (L) How many years after this accident did Lawrence live?

**A:** 22 years.

**Q:** (L) Have any of the persons of that lifetime returned to interact with her in this life?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Not even the twin?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (A) Emotions are not mental, there is a difference? So, my problems now are emotional and not mental?

**A:** Your problems are due to maladjustment.

**Q:** (L) From life to life or just this life?

**A:** They are the same.

**Q:** (V) Did she witness the accident?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did she see the body after?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was there any sense of blame or resentment directed toward her by the parents of that time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was there any mental or emotional abuse that took place in that lifetime?

**A:** Maybe some, but it is not significant.

**Q:** (L) What steps can she take to resolve this maladjustment?

**A:** Awareness of the root of the problem.

**Q:** (L) Is there any other part to this event that would help her?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) So, all the problems that I had as a child were the result of this?

**A:** Some seek an environment of "punishment" in an attempt to resolve left-over issues.

**Q:** (L) Did she have feelings of guilt that her twin had died and she was still alive?

**A:** Yes, but this was not imposed by others.

**Q:** (L) Okay, she felt guilt, and sought an environment that would punish her?

**A:** Close enough for hand grenades.

**Q:** (L) Where was the farm located that this incident occurred?

**A:** Near Cannopolis, North Carolina.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us the family name?

**A:** O'Brien.

**Q:** (A) Let me ask this: all of the experiences that I had as a child were caused by this emotion where I was trying to punish myself. I have spent my lifetime trying to punish myself. Is that right?

**A:** Close. But remember, the point is, you sought out a environment that you perceived to be restrictive and unforgiving. Especially with your father.

**Q:** (L) Was there other karma with her father in this lifetime?

**A:** Maybe, but you are the one, Laura, who can best examine these issues.

**Q:** (L) What about between my mother and myself?

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (L) Well, if you guys would just tell me, it would leave me more time to transcribe tapes!

**A:** Learning...

**Q:** (L) Ohhh... (V) Whoops, she's growling [laughter.] (L) Okay. Any particular reason behind the financial difficulties I had today?

**A:** Not really. That will soon be forgotten.

**Q:** (L) Now, time to stop messing around. You said that "prime numbers are the 'dwelling places' of the mystics." I have been poring over this material and it occurs to me that this was put in quotes for a reason, yes?

**A:** We put in quotes what we want further examined.

**Q:** I was thinking that this could be a clue on several levels. Could it be a clue to identify people and interactions?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) And, also as a means of decoding coded written material?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Would this written material be some that is channeled? Or, more formal and general writings of mystics. Could it be, in other words, that they might write in a casual way and not be aware that they are channeling or writing in code?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) I dug around about the Templars and have, more or less, come to the conclusion that they were just a smoke screen, and that something else was going on at the time that WAS important. I also think that they have been resurrected from time to time and dusted off and blamed for all this secret knowledge that is supposedly lost... am I on to something here?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Who or what brought about the end of the Knights of the Temple?

**A:** Rosicrucians move as a "thief in the night."

**Q:** (L) But, as I understand it, the Rosicrucians did not come into being until after the end of the Templars...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean that the information that came out, that pamphlet about "Christian Rosenkreutz," that is a purported fable, might be correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, goodness sake! The Rosicrucians advertise in magazines!!! Is this worldwide organization that promotes itself so blatantly...

**A:** Well, the "world-wide" order is not all inclusive.

**Q:** (L) Is there an inner circle of this order that is unknown?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are the Rosicrucians connected to the Masons?

**A:** In a roundabout away.

**Q:** (L) Are the Illuminati connected to the Rosicrucians in any way?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Of the three I have named, which would be considered the one that is closest to the inner circle?

**A:** Not the correct concept.

**Q:** (L) Do the Rosicrucians have writings in their keeping that they, themselves, do not understand?

**A:** Yes. So do the Masons.

**Q:** Would you say that the writings of Albert Pike might be interesting to decode?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular number sequence that could be used?

**A:** 353535...

**Q:** (L) Is this also a genetic code?

**A:** Much is missing between "point A and point B."

**Q:** (L) You mean by jumping from documents to DNA?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The Priory of Zion, that has been purported to be the progenitor or inheritor of the Templar tradition, is that a mystical organization of great secrecy and import?

**A:** It is a cover for.

**Q:** (L) Another smoke-screen.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Getting back to the 353535 code: can you tell me more that will help me get to...

**A:** Better turn it over to Ark.

**Q:** (L) So, I should leave it alone for now?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (L) I will. I wanted to get to this other subject anyway. We know that you have said that time is an illusion in 3rd density reality - that it is the 3rd density illusion - and it is involved with our DNA, which determines how we perceive it. So, it is an illusion. Yet, somehow, this illusion converts at some point into a solid reality via some mode or operation. I would like to know, at what point it converts and how?

**A:** You are off base. Who said it converts?

**Q:** (L) Well, we perceive a damn solid reality! There is STUFF that if you kick it, it hurts!

**A:** That perception is part of the illusion.

**Q:** (L) But, that is obviously not the TOTAL illusion. What else is a part of this illusion? If our perception is part, then there must also be something there to be perceived, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is it that we are perceiving?

**A:** That which you are programmed to perceive.

**Q:** (L) Is not this perception, these things we perceive as outside ourselves, are they not substance of some sort? Are they not there in some form, even if we perceive them the way we do?

**A:** Of course, but what does this have to do with "time?"

**Q:** (L) I am getting to that! We perceive a world "out there." Trees, cars, trucks, houses, bricks, boards, blocks, people, dogs etc etc etc.

**A:** You left out backyard barbecues!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Very funny! We perceive things out there. Of what are they composed?

**A:** Matter.

**Q:** (L) Of what is matter composed?

**A:** Atomic structure.

**Q:** (L) Of what are atoms composed?

**A:** Thoughts.

**Q:** (L) Whose thoughts?

**A:** Yours.

**Q:** (L) Everything?

**A:** Everything.

**Q:** (L) If I perceive something, and everything I perceive is composed of my thoughts, and V\_ is perceiving, is everything her thoughts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the difference between her thoughts and my thoughts?

**A:** That is what binds you. You see, it is merely a program.

**Q:** (L) Is it merely a program that we think we are separate individuals?

**A:** Not the point.

**Q:** (L) What is the point? What binds us together? Where does the program come from?

**A:** Where do your programs come from?

**Q:** (L) 7th density? Ourselves? The Lizzies?

**A:** We are asking about the programs in your computer.

**Q:** (L) In my computer? Different places. I get them and load them in. Are programs made - do they exist like 'thought centers' - and do we just load them in ourselves?

**A:** Why have you forgotten? 309,000...

**Q:** (L) Oh. You are talking about the "takeover" by 4th density STS. But, still, the point I am trying to get to is - yes we have DNA - but you can't reprogram DNA if there is not DNA there to begin with. If there is not something to load the program into. What is the substance of this reality that we exist in?

**A:** You just answered.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand.

**A:** You can't load it into something if there isn't something there to begin with.

**Q:** (L) Fine! What is this something that is there to begin with?

**A:** Your previous DNA structure.

**Q:** (L) Where did the previous DNA structure come from?

**A:** The previous program.

**Q:** (L) Where did that program come from?

**A:** Review.

**Q:** (L) Well, you once said that it was necessary to be on a planet that had a star that was getting ready to go supernova in order to molecularize physical bodies. What I want to know is: what is this process whereby thought becomes manifest as matter?

**A:** This is too complicated for this medium. You need another method. Something that allows for greater word usage.

**Q:** (L) But, just a clue: how does thought become matter?

**A:** Bilaterally.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by "bilaterally?"

**A:** Dual emergence.

**Q:** (L) Emergence into what and what?

**A:** Not "into what and what," but rather, "from what and to what."

**Q:** (L) What emerges from what?

**A:** The beginning emerges from the end, and vice versa.

**Q:** (L) And what is the beginning and what is the end?

**A:** Union with the One.

**Q:** (L) What is the One?

**A:** 7th density, i.e.: all that is, and is not.

**Q:** (L) Now, we have managed to dance around the whole thing, and I still do not know how matter comes to be or how time...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How can I get where I want to go?

**A:** You have the basics.

**Q:** (L) Can you give me a couple more basics?

**A:** There are no more.

**Q:** (L) I once asked you if time was gravity?

**A:** Is a fence the ground?

**Q:** (L) Is gravity God?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is gravity 7th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Where does gravity emanate from?

**A:** Thought center.

**Q:** (L) You have mentioned thought centers of many occasions. Is there more than one?

**A:** All are one and all.

**Q:** (L) If you have a thought center, how do thought centers related to 7th density, the One?

**A:** Exactly!

**Q:** (L) Are thought centers 7th density?

**A:** All is.

**Q:** (L) All is thought centers?

**A:** No. All is 7th density.

**Q:** (L) I think you know where I am trying to go with this and I wish you would help me out just a little...

**A:** We are.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Time is an illusion. Wonderful! You have compared time to a fence...

**A:** No. We compared your allusion to ours.

**Q:** (L) Let's work with this allusion. Let us say that the ground is 7th density. How would we picture time in relation to this ground?

**A:** As the soil.

**Q:** (L) Related to the soil, how do WE relate?

**A:** Too vague.

**Q:** (L) How do created beings get painted into this picture?

**A:** Time is your illusion.

**Q:** (L) Yet, on one other occasion, you said that time does exist at other densities, only that it is "selective," you can pick the time. Is that correct?

**A:** If you want to call it time, but it would not be the same, would it?

**Q:** (L) Okay. I am stumped. I can't go any further now. On another subject, Ark read that phosphorus is in DNA structure. Could you comment?

**A:** How about if you comment on the relationship of phosphorous to you?

**Q:** (L) I don't know. Is there some relationship between phosphorous and carbon?

**A:** Well, that is not where we were leading.

**Q:** (L) Well, phosphorous is an essential element for the brain.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) That is about all I know about it. I don't know enough about phosphorous.

**A:** So, then why not save this until later?

**Q:** (L) Next question: if there were a sufficient number of people who were working on learning how to create an alternate reality or universe, would it seem to them that there was no real "shift" between the former one and the new one, except an internal shift of thought?

**A:** That is one possibility.

**Q:** (L) If we decided that we wanted a different world, could we, as even a small group, create that kind of world and have it seem that we hadn't...

**A:** We have told you thus.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that there are persons on the planet, here for some purpose, and that purpose is - say the negativity on the planet increases to such an extent that many people will become so sick of it that they are ready to exercise their free will and make a change and they will then be open to learn from those who have come with this intent to help and teach?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Well, when this WAVE hits, is that going to increase the potential for the creation of a new reality, or realm?

**A:** Better review.

**Q:** (L) I am trying to get somewhere in particular and am trying to build the questions step by step...

**A:** Ask Ark.

**Q:** (L) What do you want me to ask Ark?

**A:** Some of these questions, to see what he thinks.

**Q:** (L) Tell me why he is going to know these answers?

**A:** It is more fun to ponder the answers, rather than the whys and wherefores.

**Q:** (L) You guys are making me a little crazy tonight.

**A:** Do you want to invite Ark to the discussion?

**Q:** (L) Of course. (A) What is the function of DNA, other than coding protein production?

**A:** Conductor of electricity.

**Q:** (L) Is that the only other function?

**A:** Well, as you know, electrical energy can have nearly endless applications. Examples... radio waves, neuro-transceiver for thought pattern programs facilitated through electromagnetic wave transmission, etc. Method used for creation and maintenance of program illusions, such as the perception of linear time as reality.

**Q:** (L) Is that it?

**A:** Send that.

**Q:** (A) Should I follow the Newtonian electrodynamics thread?

**A:** It is up to you to follow that which you are guided to follow. This is elementary. If we were in your "shoes," we would shelve it.

**Q:** (A) Should I study the cold fusion problem?

**A:** Not in area of search.

**Q:** (L) Any further comment about cold fusion?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is cold fusion?

**A:** Theoretical, some recently claimed breakthroughs of dubious validity, though.

**Q:** (A) Which part of a human extends into 4th density?

**A:** That which is effected by pituitary gland.

**Q:** (L) And what is that?

**A:** Psychic.

**Q:** (A) Are there some particular DNA sequences that facilitate transmission between densities?

**A:** Addition of strands.

**Q:** (L) How do you get added strands?

**A:** You don't get, you receive.

**Q:** (L) Where are they received from?

**A:** Interaction with upcoming wave, if vibration is aligned.

**Q:** (L) How do you know if this is happening?

**A:** Psychophysiological changes manifest.

**Q:** (L) Such as what?

**A:** Isn't Ark a part of this discussion?

**Q:** (L) Alright! I get the point! I was just trying to help. (A) I would like to know if there is a separate field beyond electromagnetism and gravitation, something similar to the Sheldrake concept of a morphological field or morphogenetic field?

**A:** Yes, and it is very close to that. It is apparent that Sheldrake was "in tune," as are you, Arkadiusz. But you must have faith in your thoughts, as sometimes they are assisted.

**Q:** (A) When you speak of an upcoming wave, it is a wave of what?

**A:** Think of it as a wave of reflection from the beginning and end point.

**Q:** (L) Can you clarify that in more 3rd density terms?

**A:** No, see what the response is. It is his question, after all!

**Q:** (A) Is DNA acting as a superconductor?

**A:** Yes!!!

**Q:** (L) Any other comments?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) [regarding wave] But what vibrates? Energy? Aether?

**A:** Energy and aether are directly symbiotic.

**Q:** (A) And when it vibrates, then in which dimension?

**A:** The density 3 and 4 at transition junction.

**Q:** (A) If not in linear time, then in what?

**A:** Cyclical "time."

**Q:** (A) What measures the distance between one crest and another?

**A:** Ending/beginning of cycle.

**Q:** (A) Trying to understand the universe in terms of a triality, matter - geometry - information. Is it the right idea?

**A:** If one thinks of matter as "living" rather than "dead."

**Q:** (L) Is that it?

**A:** Ark questioned.

**Q:** (L) Well, excuse me for trying to help here! (A) Is DNA superconducting?

**A:** Variably.

**Q:** (A) What is electricity?

**A:** In what sense?

**Q:** (A) What is elementary charge?

**A:** Elementary means basic construct, whether directly from the natural "state," or indirectly.

**Q:** (A) What type of entity?

**A:** Purely substantive, as in a binder.

**Q:** (A) A warp?

**A:** "Warp" is incomplete concept. Remember what we said about theory of relativity.

**Q:** (A) Must I understand the nature of superconductivity? It seems to me that I must.

**A:** Yes and yes, definitely.

**Q:** (A) Is it correct? Is it in my reach?

**A:** Yes. We already answered.

**Q:** (A) That means Nobel Prize, definitely, yes?

**A:** We hate to say this, but... Wait and see!!! Good Night!

END OF SESSION

Note: Cannapolis, now Kannapolis. Early published name variations include Cannon-opolis and Cannapolis. A widely accepted origin of the word Kannapolis comes from the combination of the Greek words "kanna" (reeds, not looms) and "polis" (city), which some believed meant "City of Looms".

