## January 9, 1996
Frank, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Xiooira

**Q:** (L) Is that anything like exhilaration?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, if it is like exhilaration, I am all for it. And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Tonight I have a question for a friend. V\*\*\*\*\* was over today and wanted me to ask if her son is involved in some cult type activities?

**A:** More like "kiddie gang."

**Q:** (L) She said she has noticed things missing. Are they using any of her personal items to try and put a "hex" on her, if even in a kiddie way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the action she is taking, which is to try to get him into a hospital drug treatment facility; can you make any comments on this?

**A:** Futile.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that she could do that would be helpful at this point?

**A:** Son follows in "shoes" of parents.

**Q:** (L) So, she needs to look at her past to know what would alter his behavior. Whatever would have worked with her will work for him, is that it?

**A:** And David.

**Q:** (L) Any other advice for her at this time?

**A:** Best to let kid salt his oats and take his lumps.

**Q:** (L) Okay, P will be here on Saturday, so we will leave a lot of my questions for then. I don't quite know how to ask this. It has become increasingly obvious to me that there is some sort of connection where JO {an unsolved murder of a local 13 year old girl; Absolutely NO cluea} was concerned, some synchronous connections between that murder and my so-called "awakening," if you want to call it that. And I also noticed a connection between the life pattern, or change in life pattern, of Ted Bundy and certain UFO sightings, and cattle mutilations that were in his area of the country. Now, we have another girl who has come up missing at the same time P and I were discussing the JO case, and this new case has a lot of things that seem to be common to that case. I see that there is an issue here that I would like to get to the bottom of; can you help?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) I know that is vague. Did my involvement with the JO case {I was asked by law enforcement official to try to come up with some clues or hints through astrology and psychic impressions} have anything to do with opening the door of my mind to other phenomena, particularly UFOs and aliens?

**A:** Possible.

**Q:** (L) You can't give me a clear answer on that?

**A:** Learn!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I had dreams about it. The work that I did on the case astrologically, the dreams I had about it, as well as certain impressions I received, convinced me that a particular individual was the killer. Was that an opening of my instinctual awareness in some way?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Was there some soul connection between myself and JO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was there some connection between JO's murder and "alien" activity?

**A:** There is always this connection in one way or another, at one plane convergence or another.

**Q:** (L) Was the murder of JO a "mini-plane convergence?"

**A:** What did we just say?

**Q:** (L) It seemed to me that was what you said, and I was trying to clarify it. Is that, in fact, a plane convergence, where one person's plane of reality converges with another person's plane of reality, and one or the other gets annihilated?

**A:** 4th, 5th and 3rd density is involved.

**Q:** (L) Is this true with all murders?

**A:** Discover and yes.

**Q:** (L) Was my interaction into that reality a sort of entering into a point of plane convergence?

**A:** Flirting with the edges.

**Q:** (L) So, when a person is working on a murder investigation, or thinking about it, or applying thoughts, talents, instincts or whatever to the solving of this kind of puzzle, they are interacting with a plane convergence?

**A:** This represents one manifestation of the always present desire to return "home" to 5th density.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well. Now, I want to get to the 64,000 dollar question. In the JO case, was my conclusion correct?

**A:** "Correctness" takes many forms and provides a window to many conventions.

**Q:** (L) (F) What does that mean? (L) I don't know. My evaluation was that {redacted} was also the killer. Is that correct?

**A:** Learn.

**Q:** (L) Was the man who killed JO known to her?

**A:** We recall advising a cautious approach, in order to insure that your lessons are learned not only accurately, but painlessly as well.

**Q:** (L) Could you suggest, just to get me on track here, a form of question that would be a "cautious" question? Then I can frame subsequent questions on that model.

**A:** The issue here is not how to "frame" a question in such a way as to lure us into answering in the way you desire, but for you to learn most effectively. Do not have prejudice that there is only one thing to be learned from each response. "You never know what there is to be learned when you inquire with innocence and freedom from supposition."

{Break to listen to response.}

**Q:** (L) I just played the tape back and it is all muddy. Could you tell us why we are having this problem with the tape?

**A:** Telekinetic wave transfer.

**Q:** (L) What is this telekinetic wave transferring?

**A:** Evolving energy.

**Q:** (L) Given off by us?

**A:** Both to and from.

**Q:** (L) From us to you?

**A:** You and others, not us.

**Q:** (L) Who are these others?

**A:** 4th density eavesdroppers, P's involvement should "heat things up."

**Q:** (L) Is P's involvement going to be beneficial to this work?

**A:** Yes, but also expect anomalies.

**Q:** (L) That is interesting. Are you going to tell me who killed JO? I am willing to give up my conclusion if necessary.

**A:** Learn. Review our previous response.

**Q:** (L) I would love to, but much of the answer was lost in the static.

**A:** It can be deciphered.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Learn. Was there something about Ted Bundy, and the fact that his life seemed to disintegrate at the same time a lot of UFOs were sighted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Ted Bundy abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Ted Bundy programmed to do what he did?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose behind that programming?

**A:** We must withhold answer for the present.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Bundy described his murdering urges as a "pressure building inside" him that he couldn't overcome, and it seemed to cause him to stop being "human," as we think of it. That seems to me to be an example of an implant being able to overcome a person's social behavior, or controls over anti-social tendencies. Is this also what happened to the person who killed JO?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is there a connection between the newly missing girl, CB, and JO?

**A:** You are doing well in your probing of the knowledge within on this issue, we suggest continuance, after all, learning is fun!

**Q:** (L) So, it seems to me that there was a connection between the appearance of CB and JO. Could it be that the individual who killed one or both of them was programmed to respond to this particular type facial characteristic? Could that be part of the programming?

**A:** End subject.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** We have helped you all that is necessary for now on this matter. It is beneficial for you to continue on your own for growth.

**Q:** (L) Can I ask just one or two more LITTLE questions in a different direction? I mean, this is like walking away and leaving me in the dark!

**A:** No it is not!

**Q:** (L) I would like to be able to solve this because the families are in pain and have asked for help.

**A:** Why don't you trust your incredible abilities? If we answer for you now, you will be helpless when it becomes necessary for you to perform this function on a regular basis, as it will be!!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, frankly, I don't want to be involved in any more murder investigations. It is too upsetting. Am I supposed to DO this sort of thing regularly???

**A:** Not same arena.

**Q:** (L) Well, then how do you mean "perform this function?"

**A:** No, seeing the unseen.

**Q:** (L) Okay, shift gears. I received a rather nasty letter from Jason D. He said he was getting tired of listening to the C's trash his favorite channel o'choice. After all, he IS the one who ASKED me!

**A:** He will come around if he follows his instincts. JM.

**Q:** (L) Yes! That reminds me that I wanted to ask you about him. He wanted me to ask you if I should pull him out of school.

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) I think he is miserable, but he does not want to "give up" or be viewed as a "quitter," or a baby. He is torn between his misery and disgust with the system, and his desire for peace. I would like to know why that kid attacked him the other day?

**A:** Attack.

**Q:** (L) You mean stimulated through 4th density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can do to help protect him?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well. I don't know what to think.

**A:** Don't avoid the issue, it is of paramount importance!

**Q:** (L) Yes, I think I ought to take {my son} out of school. There is just too much attack going on from all directions, and that is ONE that I can close off.

**A:** Instincts preserve 3rd density experience.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? You say that the issue is of paramount importance. Why?

**A:** Instincts preserve 3rd density existence.

**Q:** (L) There is some threat to his existence in 3rd density if I DON'T do something right away?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this threat from outside sources?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So I need to pull him out of school NOW.

**A:** Follow instincts.

**Q:** (L) That's clear enough for me. I have the feeling J is here for a purpose and that is why he has so much difficulty interacting with persons who are not as concerned about things as he is. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, I want to ask my Sheldon Nidle channeling question?

**A:** Suggest you not waste energy on this.

**Q:** (L) There are a lot of people who are convinced by Sheldon Nidle that there is going to be a photon belt and a mass landing of UFOs in the fall of this year. Is this, in fact, going to occur?

**A:** People are very convinced by Bo and Peep.  {Reference to Heaven's Gate cult? We hadn't even heard of them at this point in time.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, I won't put any more energy in that. Thanks for the assist tonight. Good Night.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

