## July 21, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan

I had been keeping Terry and Jan informed about the sessions and other developments and after Ark's arrival on the virtual scene, their interest was revived to a certain extent. (They had also indicated that their channeling experiment with Andrew B was going nowhere.) However, they (and Frank) spent something like 6 hours repeating to me that Ark must be an agent and I had to be very careful. I appreciated their concern and decided that maybe we ought to ask a few questions along that line. However, the Cs were having none of that! It was almost comical that I was trying to get a hint and they were determined to give nothing at all on this topic. As later events proved, it's obvious in retrospect why: some things are predestined events and must be entered into and managed entirely on one's own. Also, there was the fact that they had been giving me clues all along but because I had been so depressed, I had not kept up with transcribing the sessions and could not review them so as to see those hints. Obviously, the "fatal mistake" referenced below would have been to listen to Terry, Jan and Frank in respect of Ark.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Vimon.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Is there any sinister intent toward me by AJ? His thoughts toward me?

**A:** Too many, fragmented.

**Q:** (L) His thoughts?

**A:** No. Your questions.

**Q:** (L) Okay, more specific: I am having a dialogue with a man who contacted me via the internet.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it seems that there are a lot of synchronous events happening in conjunction with this.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that some of these seemingly synchronous events are being created to deceive me?

**A:** Sure it is possible!

**Q:** (L) What does AJ feel toward me.

**A:** "Feel" is not the point!

**Q:** (L) What is the point? What are his intentions?

**A:** Multiple.

**Q:** (L) Could you tell me at least two primary ones?

**A:** No we will not.

**Q:** (L) Can you give me any of them?

**A:** How do you learn?

**Q:** (L) I know. But, I am also somewhat fragile and don't want to dive into the soup!

**A:** By using the powers existent within your mind, which are unlimited, as we have told you.

**Q:** (L) I know you are not going to give me a roadmap, but you can give me a hint! What are the extent of the hints you can give me about this?

**A:** One and only hint: always transcribe and review material from the sessions if you wish to learn properly, and avoid possibly fatal mistakes!!!

**Q:** (L) So, that is the one and only hint. I will start back on the transcribing.

**A:** Little by little makes a seemingly daunting task seem effortless. Learning is enhanced by timeless, enhanced pondering.

**Q:** (L) How do you enhance pondering?

**A:** With patience... You see, Laura, it is better to be the tortoise than the hare!

**Q:** (L) Why did my air conditioner break down today when I was talking about the heat to AJ?

**A:** Maybe it is time to enhance your pondering. Drastic measures are only necessary when one's stubbornness places one upon the precipice!

**Q:** (L) Well, if you guys did that, I hope you thought of the fact that there won't be any sessions until it gets fixed!

**A:** Do we need sessions?!?

**Q:** (L) No, you don't, but don't we?

**A:** What good are they when the messages are lost?

**Q:** (J) What is the significance of Terry's and my presence here tonight? Is it significant?

**A:** Yes! And road maps available at the Mobil station.

**Q:** (L) Well, we're glad to see you too!

**A:** Thank you! And likewise.

**Q:** (J) Well, how about a hint?

**A:** Answers are known. Doubt is sometimes relieved by pause.

**Q:** (J) Well, I think we ought to take a hiatus and get all the sessions transcribed.

**A:** Do it step by step. Do not attempt a marathon here. "Time" is not of the essence!

**Q:** (L) Well, then I will just do them as I go along, is that what you mean?

**A:** Partially. You need review, study, contemplation.

**Q:** (L) What I need is a vacation and less stress!

**A:** We would say that too! There are untold treasure troves locked up in those transcripts. You will be "blown away" by that which you have forgotten!!

**Q:** (L) Well, then we have a plan! Carry on!

**A:** Okay, folks, good night!

END OF SESSION

