## June 22, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV, VG

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Firson.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Tonight, I would like to ask about 5th density. How does the "dividing line" between the 4 physical densities and 5th function?

**A:** Recycling zone, one must have direct contact in perfect balance with those on 6th density in order to fulfill the need for contemplation/ learning phase while in between incarnations of 1st through 4th densities.

**Q:** (L) When a person finishes all their experiences on 1st through 4th density, do they then remain at 5th for a period before to moving to 6th.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When you die in 3rd and go to 5th, do you pass through or see 4th?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) When you are in 5th density, is part of your service to be a guide? Are there two kinds of beings on 5th: those who are there for the recycling, and those whose level it simply IS?

**A:** No. All are as one in timeless understanding of all there is.

**Q:** (L) If, at 5th density a person has timeless understanding, what is it about them that determines that they will "recycle" as opposed to moving to 6th from 5th?

**A:** Contemplation reveals needed destiny.

**Q:** (L) So, being united with other beings on 5th, you come to some sort of understanding about your lessons....

**A:** Balanced. And this, my dear, is another example of gravity as the binder of all creation... "The Great Equalizer!"

**Q:** (L) In this picture in my mind, the cycle moves out, in dispersion, begins to accrete and return to the source. Is this correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it, in fact, that exactly half of all that exists, is moving into imbalance, while the other half is moving into balance?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) All the cosmos? All that exists?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that one area of the cosmos has more of the balance seeking energy while another has more of that which is seeking imbalance?

**A:** Oh yes!

**Q:** (L) Is the Earth one of those areas that is more imbalanced than balanced at the present time?

**A:** Yes, but rapidly moving back toward balance.

**Q:** (L) Is the Realm Border part of this balancing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) A few weeks ago several of us began to suffer from internal heat, insomnia, and other things. What was this?

**A:** Image. Deep conjunction of fibrous linkage in DNA structure.

**Q:** (V) Well, I want to know if it is in my mind that I get so hot, or does my body temperature actually elevate?

**A:** Only on 4th.

**Q:** (V) I don't understand.

**A:** Bleedthrough, get used to those!

**Q:** (L) Does this mean we are actually experiencing a bleedthrough of 4th density?

**A:** Image.

**Q:** (V) Are the little flashes of light I see also a manifestation of this?

**A:** Maybe so, but try to concentrate on the ethereal significance, rather than the physical.

**Q:** (L) When you say "deep conjunction of fibrous linkage," does this mean that we are conjoining with a linkage to a 4th density body that is growing, developing?

**A:** Slowly, but surely. Now, get ready for a message: We have told you before that the upcoming "changes" relate to the spiritual and awareness factors rather than the much publicized physical. Symbolism is always a necessary tool in teaching. But, the trick is to read the hidden lessons represented by the symbology, not to get hung up on the literal meanings of the symbols!

**Q:** (L) You say that the symbology has to do with hidden meanings. The symbology that you used was "image" and "deep fibrous linkage" of DNA. Now, is that a physical, symbolic image?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is your definition of "image?" We have many.

**A:** Learning is fun, Laura, as you have repeatedly found!

**Q:** (L) Well, I am so hot now that I really want to know! And, how come I am always the one who gets assigned the job of figuring everything out?

**A:** Because you have asked for the "power" to figure out the most important issues in all of reality. And, we have been assisting you in your empowerment.

**Q:** (L) Image. DNA linkage. (V) "Power" was in quotes.

**A:** Leave that alone for now, you will know soon enough.

**Q:** (V) Is this 4th density body something that already exists so that we could communicate with it?

**A:** Habeas Corpus?

**Q:** (V) Well, they just said... (L) Well, what they must mean is that you ARE it - you are transforming little by little and all of the unpleasant little side-effects are just part of it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Righteous! (L) Terry showed me a couple of acupuncture points that seem to induce an altered state. Is this, as he says, a way to open the door to the subconscious?

**A:** Stimulates endorphins.

**Q:** (L) Is there any point on the body that CAN be used to assist in opening the gate to the subconscious?

**A:** No such assistance is needed. First, we would like to suggest that you seek a "spin" doctor for your quest!!

**Q:** (L) Would a "spin" doctor be a Sufi master?

**A:** One example.

Laura's note: As I mentioned in a note to the session 15 June 1996, the arrival of Ark on the scene was just days away. At the time of this session, only 12 days, and a physicist is certainly a "spin doctor."

**Q:** (L) Yes. We are supposed to do several things involved with spinning.

**A:** Hilliard. Leedskallen. Coral Castle.

**Q:** (L) Well, they are really pushing on this gravity thing. Can I ask a question on another subject?

**A:** You can ask about the Easter Bunny, if you wish.

**Q:** (L) Is 3rd density awareness the only density with perception of time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what others?

**A:** 4,5,6,7.

**Q:** (L) But I thought that time perception was an illusion?

**A:** YOUR perception of it is an illusion. Remember the example of the dogs and cats riding in a car?

**Q:** (L) Yes. Ouspensky and the horse. So, time, as an essential thing, DOES exist?

**A:** But not as you know it. When we refer to "timelessness," we are speaking from the standpoint of your familiarity only.

**Q:** (L) Does time then exist, and does space have a limit?

**A:** You are getting confused because your inborn linear perception is clouding the image your efforts are trying to produce.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let's go back to the "balancing" of Earth. How can this be done?

**A:** Vague question.

**Q:** (L) Let me try this: the "buckets of love and light" group say that it is going to be balanced because everyone is going to think nice thoughts, and all of their buckets of love and light are going to eventually reach a critical mass and spill over onto all the rest of humanity and all of the bad guys are going to be transformed into good guys. This is the standard version. Is this what you mean?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Swell! Is the energy that is being manifested in the positive, on and around the planet, is it going to reduce the level of negativity in the beings existing on the planet?

**A:** This is not the point. When "Earth" becomes a 4th density realm, all the forces, both STS and STO shall be in direct contact with one another... It will be a "level playing field," thus, balanced.

**Q:** (V) I am wondering about the significance of the quoted words. Is it some kind of code?

**A:** Maybe you should go back to the beginning, and arrange all our quoted statements in sequential order?

**Q:** (L) Do you mean ALL the transcripts?

**A:** Yup!

**Q:** (F) Well, they mentioned twice to be careful about putting in the designated quotes. (L) One of the crop circles you interpreted was an "astronomical twin phenomenon." What is an astronomical twin phenomenon?

**A:** Many perfectly synchronous meanings.

**Q:** (L) Synchronicity is involved. Does this have something to do with "image?"

**A:** Duplicity of, as in "Alice through the looking glass."

**Q:** (L) Double images. Does this relate to matter and antimatter?

**A:** Yes, and...

**Q:** (L) Gravity and manifesting on one side and manifesting a mirror image on the other...

**A:** Yes, and...

**Q:** (L) And images of 4th density bodies with tenuous fibers connecting to DNA as in manifesting imaginal bodies on 4th density?

**A:** Astronomical.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that relates to stars and planets... astronomical in terms of another universe, an alternate universe composed of antimatter?

**A:** Yes, and....

**Q:** (L) And is this alternate universe going to merge with our universe...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this alternate universe of antimatter the point from which phenomena occur or are manifested in our universe?

**A:** More like doorway or "conduit."

**Q:** (L) Is this alternate universe the means by which we must travel to 4th density? Is it like a veil, or an abyss of some sort?

**A:** Think of it as the highway.

**Q:** (L) So, we must travel through this universe of antimatter in order to reach 4th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is something going to happen in terms of interacting with this antimatter in order to bring about some sort of transition?

**A:** No. Realm Border is traveling wave.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you say "traveling wave," and then you say that antimatter is the highway. Does this mean moving through antimatter or interacting in some way with antimatter via the impetus of the traveling wave, or realm border?

**A:** Bends space/time, this is where your unstable gravity waves can be utilized.

**Q:** (L) Utilizing antimatter by creating an EM field, which destabilizes the gravity wave, allows antimatter to unite with matter, creating a portal through which space/time can be bent, or traveled through via this "bending." In other words, producing an EM field, bringing in the antimatter, IS the bending of space/time? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is there a portal for each person, or one large portal?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) So we move through a portal in masses?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this generating of EM fields to destabilize the gravity wave what the HAARP assembly is designed and built for?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) If there are not personal portals for one person, or portals for groups of people...

**A:** Portal is where you desire it to be.

**Q:** (V) So it could just be a state of mind?

**A:** No. With proper technology you can create a portal where desired. There are unlimited options.

**Q:** (L) Proper technology. Unstable gravity waves. And once you told us to study Tesla coils.... antimatter... destabilizing the gravity waves through EM generation allows the antimatter to interact with matter which then creates a portal... is it in the antimatter universe that all this traveling back and forth is done by aliens when they abduct people?

**A:** Close. They transport through it, but most abductions take place in either 3rd or 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Is this movement through the antimatter universe, is this what people perceive in their abductions as the "wall of fire?" The coming apart? The demolecularizing?

**A:** No. That is TransDimensional Atomic Remolecularization.

**Q:** (L) Okay, if a person were passing into the antimatter universe, how would they perceive it?

**A:** They wouldn't.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** No space; no time.

**Q:** (L) Antimatter universe has no space and no time... so, the antimatter universe is possibly where the poor guys of flight 19 are?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And you can get stuck in this place?

**A:** Yes. And if you are in a time warp cocoon, you are hyperconscious, i.e. you perceive "zero time" as if it were literally millions of years, that is if the cycle is connected or closed, as in "Philadelphia Experiment." And, on that note, good night.

END OF SESSION

