## February 8, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Wikijia.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Last Saturday night we had a very large group of people here and I experienced very unpleasant sensations. I would like to know the source of these?

**A:** The question is vague.

**Q:** (L) Was the channel corrupted?

**A:** Not corrupted, diluted. Static EM discharge from two entity sectors.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of these entity sectors?

**A:** We have explained in detail these structure of this in prior sessions.

**Q:** (L) Was this due to the presence of any one or more persons in the room?

**A:** One but two.

**Q:** (L) One person but two entities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who was the one person?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well you said, at the time, that (name deleted) had an attachment and needed spirit release, is this the same person?

**A:** You learn by answering, using your own learnings, not from ceaseless confirmations by us.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am obviously not learning too well, because I was dead wrong on the missing girl, and you were telling me about my "amazing abilities" which were not so amazing in that case! {A missing girl case similar to the missing girl a few years earlier who was found murdered. There were similarities between that previous case and this most recent one, but this one turned out to be a runaway.}

**A:** All who have amazing abilities must too guard against corruptive forces from within and without having to do with prejudice, assumption, and the anticipatory desires involving patterning presumption. i.e. keep an open mind, always!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, this leads me to the situation with the mothers: can you give us any immediate advice on this. A clue as to how to settle this situation. {My mother and SV's mother had moved into a house together and it was not working out, to put it mildly.}

**A:** Advice was given; not followed!

**Q:** (L) What advice was given that was not followed? (SV) Only about the living will for my mom.

**A:** Did we identify source of the advice?

**Q:** (L) What is the source of the advice?

**A:** Transposed by Susan!!!

**Q:** (L) Do you mean the advice Frank gave Susan?

**A:** First things first! Please, Susan, try to be accurate!

**Q:** (L) Well, the situation is gummy right now...

**A:** You were warned, Susan! Please, please, please, please, when you call or cry out for help and or guidance, know that we will always, always, always answer. It is up to you to be aware and then trust and follow. If your deep-seated stubbornness prevents this, it will result in nothing short of your total undoing! This is because we never give such warnings, except when Vitally necessary! This applies to all others present equally as well!!

**Q:** (L) Well, remember that you don't want to work your way into your own undoing, I guess, so you ought to begin to overcome your stubbornness about not facing things that need to be dealt with, and doing it. And, from what they are saying, you will get all the support you will need from us and them if you just ask. (SV) Lesson learned, I hope. (L) This is a tough subject, any more on it?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything further you can add?

**A:** The situation will resolve naturally as all situations do...

**Q:** (L) Is there any advice you can give for mom so that she is better able to cope with the situation?

**A:** Reading will help relieve her stress. She can get the correct materials herself.

**Q:** (L to SV) So, I guess it is up to you to see that she gets time to relax and read. Okay, next issue: the computer problem. Is it an attack to prevent the magazine?

**A:** Could be viewed as such.

**Q:** (L) Is it going to be resolved quickly?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is our involvement with PZ fortuitous or potentially disastrous?

**A:** Either.

**Q:** (L) You said before, that when we got things going that everything would improve suddenly and dramatically, and immediately. We understood that to mean getting online dialogues going and also getting the magazine out. Are we going to be able to do this soon?

**A:** As soon as needed.

**Q:** (L) Thank you. Good Night.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

