## March 29, 1996
Frank, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Womol.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) In the past week I have been going through some fairly severe trauma because of certain ideas and realizations I have been forced to face...

**A:** Stress, yes, trauma, no.

**Q:** (L) Well, it has felt traumatic to me. The first question I would like to ask is: in reading and analyzing the Bluebeard fairytale as a map of consciousness, am I correct in my understanding, that I am basically living the life of Bluebeard's wife?

**A:** Close enough for now.

**Q:** (L) My application of this map of consciousness, so to speak, is not only in the area of my marriage, but also a number of other interactions. Is this correct as I understand it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What part is the maybe?

**A:** Learning is a complex process, answers follow study.

**Q:** (L) I studied the situation at length. One of the first things I determined was that my assessment on...

**A:** Interference from blossomer nearby.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean right now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) {Child was discovered nearby, sent to bed.} What kind of interference do you get from a 'blossomer,' as you call them?

**A:** Soul discharges caused by efforts made by influences attracted by channel attempting to take over body of child in order to experience sensation of total euphoria!!

**Q:** (L) So, as a general rule, is this euphoria produced by watching television?

**A:** Can be enhanced. Warning!! Littlest one is most susceptible to total possession by extremely STS oriented forces during sessions, and must be kept away at all costs!!!! There have been instances where perceived health disturbances by this one and others have been, in reality, up to 30 percent possession! Lungs are the "weak link," and it is your psychic abilities that have caused the troubles in the past.

**Q:** (L) You mean that what I am doing is causing problems for my children?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Then why have my psychic abilities caused health troubles in the past?

**A:** Because you were less aware at that point, and your abilities went into a surge.

**Q:** (L) Well, it seems to me that I have a strong tendency to manifest my psychic and emotional state physically; not only in my own body, but also in manifestations and events around me.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Back when we first moved into this house, we had a burglar break in during the night. I have always been troubled by the fact that a strange man broke into my house, the symbology of it. The other night, I was reading about dreams of people breaking into one's house being a warning that there is extreme danger from the deep subconscious. These dreams always have a strong physiological manifestation. Well, I had an 'intruder dream,' and it WAS like this. But then, I thought about the actual intruder being a psychically manifested warning in the flesh.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was the fact that it could manifest in a physical way any kind of indication of the seriousness of the threat?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular thing that I ought or could do to further protect the children?

**A:** Open, but suggestion would be to organize more.

**Q:** (L) In what sense?

**A:** The children.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand. Do you mean being more strict in terms of regimen?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) In the sense of bedtime rituals or something? Prayers?

**A:** Maybe, but also other.

**Q:** (L) Limiting watching television?

**A:** We have told you some things...

**Q:** (L) Okay...

**A:** Imagine an interruption that leads to problems.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that 'idle hands are the Devil's tools?'

**A:** No, because free will is paramount.

**Q:** (L) Just give me more of a hint.

**A:** Organize.

**Q:** (L) Send them to bed before we channel?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Is A\_\_\_ also susceptible?

**A:** Not blossoming.

**Q:** (L) Are they alright in their bedrooms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does it have something to do with physical distance?

**A:** Awareness.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that their awareness of what we are doing establishes the connection?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And I should organize them more. So, I should have them ready and in bed before we work.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Back to my question: the intruder dream the other night was VERY disturbing. In the dream, I tried to wake my husband to tell him that some one or some thing was in our house, I discovered that he was paralyzed. He was like my friend Keith... can you help me with this image?

**A:** Learning is fun!

**Q:** (L) Well, it was not fun! My heart was about to pound out of my chest, and I ended up sitting in a chair half the night. There was a realization that I have been being drained by a lot of people for a long time...

**A:** Yours to look and discover. Not ours to help you "cheat!"

**Q:** (L) No cheating, huh. I can't look at the answers in the back of the book. Okay, let me ask you this: is there any significance to the fact that L's mother's maiden name was Rheindress?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, you are not helping! I have been seeing things so completely differently lately. I even see that you have given all sorts of clues about this that just went over my head...

**A:** Laura, please learn just to trust your expanding insights. They will bring you to ever increasing knowledge and ability. But, you want us to lead you by the hand. All this can do is ultimately lead this channel and conduit into an STS vehicle!

**Q:** (L) That is not what I am trying to do here! I am trying to expand on a learning experience to help other people.

**A:** You have the ability to do that all on your own!! Cannot you see this yet?

**Q:** (L) I am still in the process of making major changes in my life based on such insights...

**A:** And, how do you feel when you make a decision to make one of these changes?

**Q:** (L) It hurts to make some decisions, even if I feel that it is the right thing to do. It can be painful and scary.

**A:** Relief?

**Q:** (L) Definitely relief!

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) I have some little hope that maybe something else will happen to help with the work if I make sure that my own life is clean. I am cutting off my financial support, and that is frightening. But, right now, I had another thought... I recently received some information about the Denver Airport. It seems that there is confirmation that this Airport does have some connection to something very mysterious. And, you brought this up in the very first contact. Is there something more on this?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) I also learned that the sighting of flying boomerangs over in England, quite some years back, was also accompanied by messages that came through a board to some kids in a town some distance away, and that those messages were very similar to some of what we have received. In fact, the opening messages were warnings about alien bases! I am very curious about that. There were so many things about that particular case that are so similar in dynamics... When something very negative happens in the Earth, does it necessarily make an opening for a balancing of positive energy?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me anything else about it? The Clapham Wood incident back in the 70's?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is not helping me.

**A:** It is, but not as you think. Stonehenge power. Vortex. Magnetic principles understood by you when you occupied other bodies, ask Hilliard, ole boy.

**Q:** (L) There have been a number of hints that Hilliard has some knowledge that he may be withholding. Does he have knowledge that is important, and how can I persuade him to tell me?

**A:** Massive, and probe directly after promising absolute confidence... and don't break it!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay, I will. Well, back to the situation. I am between a rock and a hard place.

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (L) Easy for you to say.

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Well, rereading back over the transcripts, there seems to be some very interesting stuff about the Thule Society and some things about a Nordic Covenant, and this seems to be very mysterious and connected with activities going on in Antarctica. Well, I read the place where it was said that the Lizard beings were slaves and pets of the Orions. That seems to be extremely significant.

**A:** When you get money, pay someone to transcribe.

**Q:** (L) I will do it myself as quickly as possible... SV was supposed to help me with this... but obviously she is fading from the picture here...

**A:** Maybe, maybe not, you are not completely in control of all possible factors.

**Q:** (L) Well, however things work, I don't really care right now. As soon as I can see again, I will get back to transcribing. I have sent some samples out to a couple of places. I have had some VERY positive responses...

**A:** Have fun!

**Q:** (L) What is that supposed to mean? I don't like the sound of that! The other day when you said 'celebrate!' all I did was suffer!

**A:** Stop suffering!

**Q:** (L) I can't help it! I feel so sorry for L\_\_\_! He is a master at being a victim! It tears me apart! Back to my questions. Is the Nordic Covenant what has charge of this genetic project to prepare a 'breeding ground' for the Nephilim?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What does the Nordic Covenant do?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) How am I supposed to do that? I can see myself going up to somebody: "Hi! Are you a member of the Nordic Covenant? I'd like to know what is going on in your head?! What do you think about?" Right! Well, I am tired. Anything else for the protection of the children?

**A:** We have told you.

**Q:** (L) Anything I need to know about my situation? I feel pretty desperate.

**A:** Has it been "desperate" before?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** Did you turn into dust?

**Q:** (L) No, but I thought I would!

**A:** What about your settlement?

**Q:** (L) God knows when that will happen! You won't tell me!

**A:** If we did, you'd become a "softie."

**Q:** (L) It seems that over the course of time, you have turned us more and more in the direction of learning on our own. Does this mean that it is winding down to come to a halt?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me what this means?

**A:** You needed more assistance earlier.

**Q:** (L) Well, am I correct in the MPD idea regarding SV?

**A:** Pursue with an open mind and cross check all analyses.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I am concerned about the baby. Should I do a spirit release for her?

**A:** Why?

**Q:** (L) Well, her lungs seem to be pretty reactive right now. She is having a rough time right now.

**A:** Regulate diet, it is abysmal!!

**Q:** (L) What about her diet?

**A:** Sugar, out!!! Fats reduced, leafy vegetables increased, sleep coordinated.

{Except for the sugar part, this was not very good advice.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, speaking of diet... the Atkins diet seems to be logical... but it increases fats and proteins.

**A:** Waistline okay, heart smart?! Naah!

{Again, not very good diet advice, IMO.}

**Q:** (L) You talked once about passing a test, that I was being tested in some way... that this had something to do with SV... I would like to know if this was the test?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have to get up early, and my mind is drifting, so I will say good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

