## May 4, 1996
Frank, Tom H, Tom K, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Lorra.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) One of the things we talked about the last time Tom was here was about the underground bases and military interference in civilian affairs and civilian interface with military affairs. What further can you tell us about this?

**A:** Ask specific questions, please.

**Q:** (L) One of the questions we were dealing with was the use of warfare to create situations in which bodies could be taken...

**A:** Warfare has many "uses."

**Q:** (L) Could you list for us some of the most common uses of warfare?

**A:** Generation of environment to facilitate inconspicuous replacement of gene pool. Factors in paradigm shift through stimulation of conception activity, replacement of key personnel according to frequency vibration pre-readings...

**Q:** (TH) Who or what in the gene pool is being replaced? (TK) Whoever they want replaced. (L) Well, you know how it is in the movies... everybody is indiscriminately making love before they go into battle... (F) Yes... they said 'factors in paradigm shift through stimulation of conception activity...' (L) 'Replacement of key personnel according to frequency vibration pre-readings...' Okay: do you mean to say that war...

**A:** Creates "environment" for unnoticed genetic modifications because of greatly heightened exchange of both physical and ethereal factors.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by "replacement of key personnel?" Key personnel according to whose definition?

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) Are these key personnel human?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When you say replacement, do you mean something as simple as someone dying, such as a head of state, and being replaced by another person who comes to power? That would be the simplest scenario that would fit this explanation.

**A:** Your scenario is not simple.

**Q:** (L) I mean simple in terms of the machinations...

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Would it also be that key personnel could also be replaced as in duplication?

**A:** Yes. And removing to secret activity realm. Enough wars have taken place to effectively create entire new "underground race" of humans, both from direct capture followed by "reeducation," and spawning activity using these persons and others.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by spawning activity?

**A:** Those captured have reproduced offspring, these never having seen your world.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying... (TK) They have given birth and these children have never seen our world... (L) How can an entire race of people, or groups of people, live under the surface of this planet, without the whole 6 billion of the rest of us on top, or at least a large number, realizing that there is anything going on? This is so wild an idea...

**A:** No. How much space exists underground, as opposed to that on the surface?

**Q:** (L) A lot, I suppose. You aren't saying that the earth is hollow, are you?

**A:** No, not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Well, how deep is the deepest of these underground cities?

**A:** 3,108 miles.

**Q:** (L) That's pretty deep! But wouldn't it be too hot at that depth?

**A:** No. Temperature averages 68 degrees F.

**Q:** (TK) That's pretty comfortable! (L) How do they have light?

**A:** Magnetic resonance.

**Q:** (L) Well, aren't they subject to being crushed by earthquakes?

**A:** No, earthquakes are not felt deep underground!!

**Q:** (L) Does any of this underground civilization activity have any relation to this massive underground base the Russians are building?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) Is any of this under the ocean?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Well, we'll never explore all of what is under the ocean. (L) It just staggers the mind to think about it. What do they want these people for?

**A:** To replace you.

**Q:** (TK) And why? Because they can control them better. Right?

**A:** Completely.

**Q:** (L) Do these people being bred and raised in these underground cities have souls?

**A:** Yes, most.

**Q:** (TK) Are they just like us only raised differently?

**A:** More complicated than that.

**Q:** (L) How long have they been doing this?

**A:** 14,000 years, approximately.

**Q:** (L) If they have been doing it that long, obviously the ones they have taken at the beginning have croaked and are of no use to replace anybody on the earth unless they have been replacing people from time to time for various reasons...

**A:** No, their technology makes yours look like Neanderthal by comparison! Hibernation tubes... One heartbeat per hour, for example.

**Q:** (TH) That means that for every year we live, they would live 4200 years... (L) Does any of this have anything to do with that crazy pit at Oak Island?

**A:** In an offhand way.

**Q:** (L) How do we fit into all of this? (TK) We don't!

**A:** You have been the "preparation committee."

**Q:** (L) What have we been doing? Is it part of the plan for us to destroy the planet, destroy the ozone layer, pollute the seas and so forth to make it more habitable for them?

**A:** Those things are inconsequential and easily repaired.

**Q:** (TK) With their technology, they can fix all of that. (L) This is really horrible, you know! To think of all this... (TK) Apparently, from what I am understanding, they can't just come in and wipe us out and replace us, because the 'rules' won't allow it.

**A:** Yet the natural cycles within the framework of the natural order of things will allow all these things to fall into place.

**Q:** (L) Is there some law within the realm of these beings, sort of like the law of gravity, that prevents them from just coming in and taking over?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) I don't think it is like the law of gravity...

**A:** What "law" is there that inhibits you from manipulating 2nd density beings at will?!?

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't go out and deliberately hurt or manipulate anything or anybody. (TK) Of course, in our handling of these 'critters,' we are conserving them in some ways so that we will have an ongoing food supply... I think there are rules to the game. It's like a chess game. They can't just come in and change things, it has to progress in some way. But, there are loopholes and they can sneak in and manipulate and get away with some things... (TH) Then, there aren't rules - there are just guidelines.

**A:** Two important points there: 1) When we said "you," we meant 3rd density collectively. 2) You missed our statement about the natural cycle and order of things almost completely. We suggest you reread and ponder... Also, what if your race is manipulated to destroy yourselves, or, just hang around until the next natural cataclysm?

**Q:** (TK) Well, it seems like there is another side that is trying to prevent them from gaining control.

(L) Well, from what I understand, the only thing the good guys are able to do is, because of free will, they have to wait to be asked for help, and the only they thing they can really do is give information.

(F) Well, this is valuable if used by the right people at the right time.

(TK) You have to come up with the right questions, too. You have to have enough information to be able to come up with the right questions. I am sure the information is there. You have one group with all these people underground and they want to take over the planet. This group likes being 4th density - they don't want to advance. They want to block advancement. Then, you have the group that want to advance, they want the natural order to proceed. This negative group wants to stay there and keep everyone they can there.

(L) And because they deplete themselves and diminish in numbers, they keep having to supply their needs and existence.

(TK) If, by some odd chance, the earth is the only place where people come to advance, then sooner or later it is going to stop, if these other guys take over, then it will just stop... implode.

(TH) I know! The earth is a 4th density theme park!

(L) We already thought of that... we all have an 'E' ticket ride!

(TK) Obviously we have the information, but we haven't really dug deep enough; we don't know the questions that we need to ask. Is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) Is what I was saying close to the truth?

**A:** Yes. Total truth is elusive.

**Q:** (TK) So, what I said was the gist of what is going on here. So, we have to figure out what we are supposed to do so that the earth can be maintained...

**A:** You will do what you will do.

**Q:** (TK) This is true.

**A:** Do you, in general, control 2nd density beings on earth?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** So, what is "fair" about that?

**Q:** (L) Nothing.

**A:** Okay, so what is the difference?!?!???

**Q:** (TK) So, basically, we control 2nd density, and 4th density controls us. There are the good guys and bad guys. (L) And we will do what we will do. Either we choose to align ourselves with the good guys, or with the bad guys.

**A:** It's up to you.

**Q:** (TK) However, if too many people align themselves with the bad guys, then the balance tips in their favor, and there is no more advancement, so there has to be education so that people will know...

**A:** Tom, you are close, but you are missing the point.

**Q:** (L) What is the point?

**A:** The point is, there "has to be" nothing. You will do what you will do. You choose. We have told you this repeatedly, but you still suffer from self-centered perspective.

**Q:** (TK) Everybody is worried about themselves. They all want to be saved and not worry about others.

**A:** More to the point, everybody in an STS realm views themselves as somehow "special, chosen, or protected." This is simply not so!!

**Q:** (TK) What is going to happen, is going to happen. The people...

**A:** The body does not matter. It is the soul that either progresses or digresses, just ask Sandra!

**Q:** (L) Did Sandra progress or digress?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, we could just sit around and live our lives and have a good time and not worry about a damn thing. Is that the point?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It's our choices?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) The point is it's going to happen...

**A:** But, nobody is there to intervene on your behalf as many would like to believe.

**Q:** (L) So, we are here on this planet, and we will either make it or we won't, just like Dorothy and Toto in Oz, based on our own ability to figure it out, to overcome the odds, the witch, monkeys and soldiers... (TK) Maybe what they are trying to do is give people the information, or make the information available so that people can make the choice, do they want to stay...

**A:** We are not "trying" to do anything. We are here to answer questions if asked. We cannot interfere.

**Q:** (TK) Yes, the non-interference idea is pretty clear and understandable. So, they cannot interfere...

**A:** And, even when we answer, you may not believe, it is up to you!

**Q:** (L) So, we are really on our own!

**A:** You always have been, and so have we, and all others, too!!

**Q:** (TK) I guess then, it is a matter of asking the right questions so that you will know what course of action to take. I mean, do you want to advance? Do you want to go to 4th density? Or do you want to go higher? Or do you want to stay here? How can you make an informed choice if you don't know the true conditions and what your options are?

(L) Is it that the religions that have been generated and foisted on the human race, have been designed to give people a feeling of complacency or faith in something outside themselves, and that this prevents them from seeking knowledge, opening their eyes, facing the facts of their existence, and therefore keeps them in bondage?

**A:** Its just obstacles, as always. You employ those too, for your 2nd density friends!!

**Q:** (TK) What state of mind do you have to have to want to advance?

(F) Well, you know you are on the path when you can see that the words don't match the facts of life. Think of all the people you have met with whom you may have had a philosophical conversation. How many will say: Oh, all I need is the Bible. That's all I pay any attention to.

(TK) I don't have many philosophical conversations with people because I rarely agree with anything that is said.

(F) Well, you must have decided on this because you tried it and found it didn't work.

(TK) I have a real problem... yes, the Bible has been around for a long time, and religion has been around for a long time... but I have a real problem believing something that is so obviously produced by humans with agendas of their own!

(F) But most people that you tell that to will say: Oh, no! People didn't write the Bible, God did! Or, they could be a complete atheist and believe only in the religion of science.

(TK) I believe that a person is supposed to live by rules and treat people with respect and honor life... and some of the ideas of religion are good... but they just go over the edge.

(F) That is how they suck people in. Mix lies with the truth.

(L) Yes, a lie sandwiched between two truths makes it easier to swallow.

(F) Yes, if it was ALL false, the vast majority of people would have figured it out immediately. Or, very quickly.

(TK) The vast majority don't care. They just want to be led like sheep. They don't want any responsibility.

(F) And what happens to the vast majority of cattle? They munch away in their pasture until time to get in the truck to go to the butcher.

(TK) Well, after all my years in the military, I have gotten to the point that I just don't trust anybody with authority.

(F) And, if you talk to the religious types, they will say: "Oh, I don't have any answers... I just follow the Bible".

(L) Not only do they not have any answers, they don't have any questions, either. And, I think that is the clue: the people who are still asking questions after wading through all the religions and mystical mumbo-jumbo. The ones who think they have found the ultimate answer are - well - lunch!

(TK) The whole purpose of life, it seems to me, is to obtain knowledge and advance. You are stuck on this level until you figure it out. But what are you supposed to figure out?

(L) I think that the knowing is the doing.

(TH) "Ye shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free." It's in the Bible!!!

(L) Is the knowing the key?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I think that knowing changes your frequency. Is that true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The acknowledging and the seeing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did they tell us once... it's not where you are, but who you are and what you see that counts. (TK) So, we aren't gonna change what happens. There is no way we can have any appreciable effect on the underground armies... it is just a matter of changing ourselves and whoever else we can share with.

**A:** Correct, the cow has no effect on the health of the livestock industry...

**Q:** (TK) The cow has no effect on the herd. One cow doesn't... or even a lot of cows.

(F) But there might be one or two cows that follow one that breaks out of the herd.

(TK) Yes, you might be able to affect somebody else's life, but not the whole group. So, worrying about the underground stuff, is immaterial.

(L) But, knowing about it is.

(TK) All that survivalists, the militias and so forth. It is a complete waste of time.

(F) It is good to know what is going on.

(TK) But, could you know if you had an implant? (L) Yes... (TK) How, by asking?

(L) Well, that and examining your life and comparing with others. When you read the material, you find a lot of clues. It really opens your eyes.

(TK) Isn't the implant and the brainwashing a little bit past the interference that the 4th density STS should be allowed?

(L) We have learned that knowing you have an implant and what it can do, you then can cancel it out by choices. Those who believe that their implant is for their own good, are, of course, completely subject to them.

(TK) Have I ever been abducted?

**A:** Ask Tom about your kidnapping... Tom must learn.

**Q:** (L) What could be done...

**A:** Why do you suppose Tom "chose" to enter the Navy?

**Q:** (L) Because he was manipulated to do so?

**A:** Was led.

**Q:** (L) What things happened in the Navy?

**A:** Ask Tom.

**Q:** (L) It seems that he has been living rather on the surface... have you just gone along from day to day without thinking too much about it? (TK) Ummhmm.

**A:** No. That is what your "memory" tells you.

**Q:** (TK) I am getting a headache. (L) That's interesting. Why does he get the headaches?

**A:** Research the problem in order to learn. If we told you the answers to all these things, at this point, you would just shrug your shoulders and forget about it.

**Q:** (L) Is the shrugging of the shoulders a programmed response in him?

**A:** To an extent.

**Q:** (L) Okay, he mentioned the headaches beginning when he went on a particular camping trip. And, he is now trying to remember it, and it is causing him pain.

**A:** Hypnosis.

**Q:** (TK) The worst headache I ever had was when we were on our way to Japan and stopped in Hawaii. I went over to another ship to get some hydraulic fluid... on the way back, as I was coming back on the ship, I had a headache that was so bad I couldn't even tolerate light or sound. (L) You mean the kind where it hurts even to breathe? (TK) Ummhmm. (L) Well, I started having those after I woke up one night reversed in my bed with the bottom half of my nightgown wet. I know what they are like. Unbelievable pain.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Yes, nothing helps. (L) Can you give Tom a little help here?

**A:** Sorry. Tom is at the point where it will not help him for us to "give him a little bit."

**Q:** (F) Well, they never gave us point blank answers either. (L) Well, of all the people who have come to the sessions, he is the first who has immediately understood what is going on and what it means. (F) Most everyone else thinks they already know the answers... (L) Getting back to the underground bases, is the HAARP project connected to these underground bases.

**A:** Not directly.

**Q:** (L) You once said that HAARP was something that was to be used to "transfer perimeters." I am assuming that this means to manipulate space, time and density.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that they are planning to use this to bring up the Atlantean crystals to utilize?

**A:** Not so much to "bring up," as to utilize.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything to BRH's idea about the "harmonics," that it must be ready to function on a certain day and time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In terms of what we understand - I know you aren't gonna answer it that way - if Tom tries to bring up the memories and understand, the headaches ought to go away... (TK) I haven't had any since I have been out of the Navy.

**A:** O'Brien is "lyin'"

**Q:** (L) What is is about O'Brien?

**A:** Discover. Why is Tom there, of all places?!?

**Q:** (L) Is there something in that area, some frequency from the earth, some electromagnetics or something, that can tend to...

**A:** Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe....

**Q:** (L) It keeps a person quiescent and in the dark?

**A:** Stalling frequency... And by the way, can anyone come up with a purpose for the existence of Camp Blanding? Well??...

**Q:** (TK) Ask about Dave Wh\_\_\_... he lives nearby...

**A:** First, some blockbuster stuff for the Knighted ones... Look upon a detailed map, and reflect, remember lonely journeys from long ago, and begin to unlock shattering mysteries which will lead to revelations opening the door to the greatest learning burst yet!!

**Q:** (F) Oh, my. A LOT of questions... (L) Was there more than one journey to Camp Blanding?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Only one?

**A:** For you.

**Q:** (L) More than one for Tom?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) You said "knighted ones," as though there were some significance to the name...

**A:** Discover...

**Q:** (L) Is there some genetic engineering here?

**A:** No, not in the sense you are thinking. But, all are in some sense.

**Q:** (L) Why did my mother marry men who kept affecting our lives in such terrible ways?

**A:** Ask her.

**Q:** (L) She has no answer. She is baffled herself.

**A:** So, get her to discover. That is where the clues lie.

**Q:** (L) So, the clues lie with some of these people... We remember the trip with one of them - to North Carolina - when we were taken to school...

**A:** Why did he insist you go to boarding school? And why did your mother acquiesce?

**Q:** (L) All this comes back to the original question, why Tom is in O'Brien, near Camp Blanding...

**A:** EM waves curdle the mind producing complacency in the face of contrived misery. Numbs the mind through isolationist influences. Why are you there, Tom? Who begged you to stay there? EM waves emanate from?? Suggest you, Laura, go to library and research Camp Blanding. You may find a "black hole," so to speak!!

**Q:** (L) A black hole. Okay. Well, there is sure a lot of stuff that has gone on in our lives for which there is simply no rational explanation. (TK) They sure have been giving a lot of stuff tonight without a lot of questions...

**A:** Visits through trees, forests, leading to a perfectly square clearing...

**Q:** (L) Hmmmm. Is Aunt H one of the generators of EM frequencies?

**A:** No, she is merely an unwitting agent.

**Q:** (L) Well, L is very isolationist in her tendencies. Is that a result of being in that area?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Well, what I REALLY want to know is WHY have we had all of these CRAZY things happen in our lives, and all of these people ranged all around us seemingly placed there, or manipulated deliberately to affect us negatively. I mean, am I wrong, or is this not a VERY unusual and crazy situation?

**A:** Why do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well, I have no idea!

**A:** Because you are of the extremely rare and few who have the abilities to put the puzzle together.

**Q:** (L) So, what are we supposed to do? (TK) Discover.

**A:** Yes. And, for tonight, good night.

END OF SESSION

