## March 23, 1996
Laura, Frank, V

[The very beginning of the second side of the tape has a noise anomaly as follows; it starts out sounding like the taped voices are soft, far away and coming from the bottom of a well. This clears up; the voices are clearer and nearer. Then, they sound far away and faint again. This continues; on the tape recorder's speakers you can actually "hear" the rotation from one speaker to the other. It almost sounds like either the microphone or the people speaking are actually 'spinning' around each other. It was checked out on another tape recorder, one with only one speaker, and it is not on the other side of the tape, so it is not a physical aberration of the tape itself, or my tape recorder. Transcriber, JR.]

**Q:** (L) Hello. Is anybody there?

**A:** Fopilion from Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Good evening to you, we are glad you came to join us. We have some situations we want to look at, and then we want to ask some questions of a more universal nature. Is that all right for the evening?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What's the maybe refer to?

**A:** Your inquiry.

**Q:** (L) The first inquiry I have is our situation relating to SV, and the different clues that we have received, and the different observations that I have made myself, and the discussions or the networking interactions that we have had on the subject. Can you tell us anything in a general way, or do we really have to ask specific questions about the subject?

**A:** SV is storehouse of vital information, clue for you was in name, but you failed to notice!

**Q:** (L) OK, but SV...

**A:** This is why the frustration is for you; nothing of value comes without a price!!

**Q:** (L) Number one, SV has lied to us. Number two, it seems that she began to demonstrate emotional affect only after we had discussed the fact that there was a serious lack of emotional affect, after you had told us that these robot people are people who spend a lot of time alone and have...

**A:** The price, my dear, continues... {Referring to previous answer: "nothing of value comes without a price!!"}

**Q:** (V) By continuing the relationship?

**A:** The Nordic Covenant was a duality.

**Q:** (L) SV comes from that area where that Nordic covenant, what is it, Minnesota, she's from Minnesota? Oh, I never made that connection! Holy Frijoles! 'Nordic Covenant was a duality' ... so, when you made mention of the Nordic Covenant, and the banking scandal, was that a double-layered statement to us?

**A:** Maybe, but you are missing the point! All persons of Nordic heritage hold secret power centers, can be of darkness, or of light... SV is of Teutonic bloodline leading directly to such super power source such as Thule Society and others, and she is aware of her powers and mission. It is of positive orientation. However, you are being tested by 4th through 6th density forces to determine if you have the strength and wisdom for continuance!

**Q:** (L) The whole thing just doesn't make sense... I mean, with that nasty red aura she has...

**A:** Red aura needs much further study on your part. Your sources for such information could be deceiving you.

**Q:** (L) Well then...

**A:** And we are the Cassiopaeans, but it is of your will to live as you desire.

**Q:** (L) Well... Then why was she told by you guys, that if she didn't do certain things that it would lead to her total undoing?

**A:** Go back and study that message again, with assistance of tape, and with mind open to all angles. Check intent, however, malice is in absence. Notice the difference. The duality of covenant!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, Frank is of Nordic extraction. Is he a member of this covenant, also?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (F) If so, it's news to me. (Laughs) (L) Do you say she is aware of her mission?

**A:** Some are.

**Q:** (L) Is her mother something in the way to block her from performing her mission?

**A:** Mother is inconsequential.

**Q:** (V) Her mother, her adopted mother... inconsequential. Ok, so does...

**A:** Curious how background is murky, yes!

**Q:** (L) Yes, that is curious. (V) Something tells me that this can go further... (L) Well, yes, but they were also talking about her birth, and her adoption, and all that kind of thing in another session. Stuff that's so unclear, she doesn't know anything about it, and claims she doesn't. So strange... Is SV a 'walk-in?'

**A:** Not correct terminology.

**Q:** (L) Well, then what is the correct terminology? What is SV?

**A:** Birthright.

**Q:** (L) Now, what does that mean?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that when we make mention of the Nordic Covenant and the Thule Society, that there's some possibility that SV has been programmed, or has layers of programs, and that some part of her program knows what she's doing, and maybe other parts don't?

**A:** Yes, but this is not a negative thing.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now let me go a little bit deeper. Could SV be what you described as a robot person, but programmed for a positive purpose?

**A:** No, robot "people" do not have bloodlines.

**Q:** (L) So, this is something that's programmed genetically in a bloodline?

**A:** Not exactly, those that have the bloodline have the corresponding soul alignment.

**Q:** (L) We are talking about a genetic bloodline that activates certain abilities and genes that interface with the corresponding soul that has prepared for this manifestation of the bloodline?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there any significance to the fact that SV spent all of those years living with the Outlaws Motorcycle gang and this covenant?

**A:** Yes, and that is what has led and is leading to the destruction of the "Outlaws," a group associated directly with 4th density STS.

**Q:** (V) Her presence there caused them to break up? This was a good thing. Is this what is meant here? That her presence was uplifting to them? (L) Well, it's not uplifting them, it's breaking them; they are all going to jail!

**A:** Yes and because of circumstances planted by "Agent SV." This is why the perceived lack of emotion connected with that whole situation. SV is the bravest human you have ever known! All evidence to the contrary is veil; part of the testing process.

**Q:** (L) If we're being tested, why are you telling us? (V) So that you do not fail?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is SV aware that this is going on?

**A:** Vital that you do not fail.

**Q:** (V) Is SV aware that ...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is there a pivotal word that might break this open to a clearer understanding?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Now, when we were flying back home,{from UFO conference in Gulf Breeze} and we were flying through that storm, was that storm, which began before we left, and we flew through it on the way back, was that a byproduct or bleedthrough of a battle between the forces?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it trying to harm us in any way, because we had to fly through it, and couldn't fly over it? I mean, even the pilot was worried, and he had been flying for years!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What brought it to an end?

**A:** SV. Notice how "unaffected" she was?!?

**Q:** (L) I told you that the whole thing about being scared was a fake! (F) Yes, she was scared on the way up, when there was nothing to be scared of, and on the way back, when we were bouncing around like a pinball in a pinball machine, she's sleeping, I'm getting sick, and Laura's going 'Ride em, cowboy!!!!' {All laughed} (L) Ok, so how are we supposed to react to this situation?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) OK, we knew that was coming. It wouldn't have been a good night without it! (V) Some things never change, huh? (L) Well Frank seems to think there's a whole lot more there in terms of background than she was letting on. Is that correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, ok, I'm going to trust you guys, and I'm going to go with the flow, and I'm going to assume that you are right, and I'm going to assume that this is for the best and for the good, and I'm going to stop my knee jerk reactions, and stop worrying about such things.

**A:** Suggest you look before you leap. All can be wrong in their quick judgments, whether the result be acceptance or rejection. All is not as it seems... Remember, those that come into your group, or your circle of influence can be different than you think.

**Q:** (L) You said we were being tested. Tested for what?

**A:** Continuance.

**Q:** (L) Continuance of what?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Continuance of all. Ok, and we are being tested through SV?

**A:** Currently.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that what we have been considering attacks were just tests?

**A:** The ones associated with SV. And no, all with that name are not of this orientation, but this clue was installed for you.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that SV is our 4th density Nordic?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (V) Maybe just by the purpose of her being, she's vital for you! (L) OK, Whitley Streiber wrote back and told me that he was familiar with this school that I experienced in the dream and I think I asked you guys about this once, and you said I needed to discover some more about it. He says that he is familiar with all of it...

**A:** All is not as delivered.

**Q:** (L) He says that he is one of the patriarchal dudes who was teaching...

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (L) Well, my feeling is that this was a school on an astral level, it was a school of a higher density, that it was not ever a physical, 3rd density school. That was my impression of it, and that I was being sent forth from another density, to experience, after being instructed by this group of patriarchal type beings. {They were actually seen as more like how one would imagine Greek Philosophers} Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, the school that Whitley describes, and him thinking that he is one of the higher density beings, he's misinterpreting this as a physical school. Is that correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is he, is he, well... They're not going to answer that one, are they? Why do I even bother thinking that I'm going to slide that one by...

**A:** Now, for the remainder of this session, we wish to address the so called earth changes for your benefit, as you are stuck here. Those present need to be equi... [Sound anomaly on tape begins here, on second side.] ...pped to stop buying into popular deceptions once and for all! Reread Bramley.

**Q:** (L) Funny I took him off the shelf today... (V) What's Bramley about? (L) Well, hold on. Do you want me to read it right now?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Ok, address the subject.

**A:** All such changes are caused by three things and three things only! 1) Human endeavors. 2) Cosmic objects falling upon or too near earth. 3) Planetary orbital aberrations.

**Q:** (L) All right, carry on.

**A:** Don't believe any of the nonsense you hear from other sources. It is designed to facilitate mass programming and deception.

**Q:** (L) Ok, okay.

**A:** Just as your bible says; "You will know not the day, nor the hour." This means there is no warning. None. No clue. No prophecy. And these events... [anomaly starts again here, briefly.] are of the "past" as well. [and ends here.]

**Q:** (V) What events of the past, as well?

**A:** Cosmic and "man made" cataclysms.

**Q:** (L) Well, since you put 'man-made' at the top of the list, am I to infer that perhaps some of the activities of the consortium, the secret government, are going to precipitate some of these events?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Yes. Okay, is there any more that you want to say on this? Go ahead, you have the floor. Please.

**A:** Ask away.

**Q:** (L) Well, you've said that there's a comet cluster that's coming this way. Is that still correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this body that has been called Hale-Bopp, is this that comet cluster?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this comet cluster that's coming, and you've indicated that it could arrive anywhere between 18 years, something like that, is that correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Now, is this something that can be seen from a great way off?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that's going to impact our particular immediate location, and appear suddenly, as this comet that has flown overhead just did? Nobody saw it until a very short time ago, and all of a sudden everybody sees it?

**A:** The cluster is a symptom, not the focus.

**Q:** (V) What is the focus?

**A:** Wave, remember, is "realm border" crossing... what does this imply? Consult your knowledge base for Latin roots and proceed.

**Q:** (L) So, the Latin root of realm is regimen, which means a domain or rulership or a system for the improvement of health. Does this mean that, and as I assume we are now moving into the STO realm, now, out of the STS realm?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) And also, can I infer from this, that the comet cluster exists in the other realm?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L)Well, previously, you had said that the comet cluster would come before the realm border. Which indicated that the comet...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, how can something so... you said it appears to be one single large body, and that our government knows that it's on it's way, and that apparently somebody has spotted it. Which direction is it coming from?

**A:** Direction?

**Q:** (L) Well, the comet cluster. That comet cluster, is, I am assuming, a real body, in third density experience, right? A part of a real cluster of bodies in third density experience. Is that correct?

**A:** Cluster can approach from all directions.

**Q:** (L) So, can I infer from what has been said, that we are going to move into this comet cluster, as into a realm?

**A:** Border changes rules.

**Q:** (L) But if we run into the comet cluster before we cross the border, then, I mean, I would understand if we were going into the realm border first...

**A:** Part in part out.

**Q:** (L) OK, is this so-called HAARP project instrumental in any of these realm border changes, these realm changes?

**A:** All is interconnected, as usual.

**Q:** (L) Anybody got any questions on this? What is the thing that is going on nowadays... let me ask about this. Roxanne sent me some information about the Do-ma, or space goddesses who rule the grays, supposedly. Apparently there is a whole group of people, including government officials, involved in this Do-ma cult.

**A:** Yeah, right!

**Q:** (L) Well, that was my feeling. I sent...

**A:** Deception is everywhere! Scrambled brains, anyone?

**Q:** (L) Gotcha. I sent several chunks of the Cassiopaean transcripts off to {Hampton Roads publishers}. As I was requested to...

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) In a nutshell, could you tell us what the re-emerging goddess images represent, nowadays? (V) Programming?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Frank, is there anything you need to know? (V) I just want to know if they have anything they want to share with me, that's all. They know what all my questions are.

**A:** Open to all possibilities. Rigidity does not pay!

**Q:** (V) What are they talking about? (L) I guess that last comment was for everybody. Be open to all possibilities. OK, well, we'll stop for the night. Goodnight.

**A:** Good-bye.

END OF SESSION

[Laura's note: After the termination of the session, I had doubts about some things relating to SV, so I asked for the C's to come back and comment. ]

**Q:** Hello. Are you there. I am not comfortable with this information about SV. It seems to be contradictory to everything I can observe and feel.

**A:** Hiklu Cassiopaea. Worry not further! Discomfort is not necessarily danger, and is indicative of growth and learning. So, proceed and celebrate!!

END OF SESSION

