## May 25, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello. [And the exact instant the planchette began to move, the outflow hose from the pool pump burst and began to shoot water straight into the air making the sound of a downpour on the roof of the house. We all rushed out to see, a temporary repair was made, and we came back in and settled to begin again.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello and hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yxorra.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) That was strange. Can you tell me what was the meaning of the bursting of the pool hose as we began a few minutes ago?

**A:** Weakened plastic fibers.

**Q:** (L) I expect so. But it was so synchronous that it happened at that precise instant!

**A:** Coincidence.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't think there are coincidences. Who are you kidding?

**A:** We are not kidding.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay. We have several issues just now...

**A:** Flute.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** You have one.

**Q:** (L) I don't have a flute. Tell me about the flute.

**A:** Ponder.

**Q:** (L) Flute as in playing a tune? Another clue?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And you want me to stop and ponder this right now? Well, you play music on a flute. Usually you play happy music on a flute.

**A:** Not point. On or not.

**Q:** (L) You guys are being really obscure tonight. Is flute significant in some way?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is there another word or two you can give me for a clue?

**A:** D.

**Q:** (L) Fluted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does 'fluted' have anything to do with 'grooving?'

**A:** Columns.

**Q:** (L) What columns are we talking about?

**A:** Ionic.

**Q:** (L) Why are we talking about Ionic fluted columns?

**A:** Because they are a link to previous direct contact between humans and density 4 STO!

**Q:** (L) Okay, Ionic columns fluted and grooved...

**A:** Plastic hoses, fluted and grooved.

**Q:** (L) Well, you are getting more and more obscure. How do we establish this direct link between us and 4th density STO through the concept of fluting, and grooving, and columns?

**A:** Magnetic telemetry profile.

[Telemetry is the automated communications process by which measurements are made and other data collected at remote or inaccessible points and transmitted to receiving equipment for monitoring and analysis. The word is derived from Greek roots: tele = remote, and metron = measure.]

**Q:** (L) Are you suggesting that the hose with the water rushing through it can transmit something from 4th density STO to us?

**A:** Transceive.

**Q:** (L) The original Ionic column structure was a hollow tube?

**A:** Not the point.

**Q:** (L) It is the fluting, grooving and spiralling that are important?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, once you mentioned that I ought to move the pool and install a maze, or spiral. Well, I am hoping to get some money from the insurance company soon, and I was thinking about putting in an in-ground pool as part of my improvements. Couldn't I have the spiral inlaid in the bottom of the pool in tile.

**A:** Good. Suggest that you install a triple Ionic column with top beam and base, as the Romans and Greeks did, near the deep end. Two sided triangle when seen from above, flat top of beam, no gables. 1.3 meters between bases of the three columns. Columns 1.6 meters tall. Base set at 30 degree angle. Center column placed to the East of the pool. Use pure spiral, counterclockwise, corresponding to Northern hemisphere of the planet.

**Q:** (L) Okay, once we have set this up, what is it going to do for us?

**A:** Empower 4th through 6th density STO channel transceiver.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess I need to make some really big bucks to do this!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, will I be able to do this soon?

**A:** That is up to you. If you follow guidance, yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, BRH AKA D4 wanted me to ask a question for him. He has recently been in touch with a guy who claims to be a magician after the ilk of Aliester Crowley...

**A:** D4 has not followed our guidance. If D4 seeks answers, it is not wise for him to ignore "leads," and seek inappropriate pathways instead!

**Q:** (L) Well... there is nothing I can do. He keeps sending me stuff from "Cosmic Awareness" and says "Gee, I wish the C's could churn out stuff like this..." And yet, this Cosmic Awareness talked a lot about 1996 being the year when there was going to be a mass landing and a bunch of other stuff that obviously did NOT happen... so, what do you want here? Verbose and fancy, or clues that must be worked out? It is incredibly frustrating! Why would we want to churn out crap like that?

**A:** Push the man's buttons.

**Q:** (L) Well, what do you mean?

**A:** Mount Palomar.

**Q:** (L) Oh, you really want him to go out to Mount Palomar?

**A:** And no, his contact is not a magician... Lay off the mind altering substances, D4, or else you will lose it!!!

**Q:** (L) But, D4 says that he no longer uses drugs, so what do you mean?

**A:** Ask D4. When you say "drugs are bad," do you expect those who want you to like them to admit to partaking?

**Q:** (L) Of course not. I guess I am too hard on that subject. Now, as you know, [my ex] was here earlier and we had a discussion. I would like to know if there is any chance that he will be able to open his mind and get help.

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) He really needs help. Is there anything that you can tell me that will ease my mind?

**A:** Worry not.

**Q:** (L) I know you say that, but sometimes it is really HARD! Okay, once we build our little columns and pool and other toys, what then ought we to do once we are in this pool?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Any particular exercises?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Just BE in the pool?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And then what?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (L) You are just making my night! (S) I don't want to sound paranoid, but all the reports about mind programming... is it as widespread as we have been lead to believe? That it could be the guy next door, and a certain color, or word or sound could set them off?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) That's not exactly vague. What is the percentage of programmed people?

**A:** 2 out of every 100.

**Q:** (L) How many are programmed by human means?

**A:** 12 per cent of the .02 per cent.

**Q:** (L) So, out of every 1,000 people, there are 20 that are programmed, and 18 of these are programmed by aliens, as in 4th density STS?

**A:** Understand that 4th density is physical, indeed. You are drifting further and further toward an ethereal only perception/theoretical position.

**Q:** (L) You are saying that the humans working on these kinds of things... and...

**A:** No, Laura, we are saying that there is really a very strong "nuts and bolts" reality to this phenomenon, and don't ignore it!

[What was missing from our understanding was the broad, overall, influence of society and culture as programming agents. Such systems can be created and maintained by a small elite, operate totally naturally within the world system, and only limited, direct hyperdimensional influence is even required.]

**Q:** (L) Gotcha! We were watching television, and they showed a video of a man and his daughter who videotaped a very large object in the sky, and it was there for a long time, and I also understand that someone else taped it from another location. It was a long, white, tubular object. It was estimated to be about a mile long, because they figured this out by the perspectives from the two tapes, sort of by parallax, and it had moving lights on it, and it just hovered, or sat there for a very long time. What in the world was this thing?

**A:** A "mother" ship of Orion STS scanning vectors of the reality continuum fabric.

**Q:** (L) Well, they talked about a report of a similar happening at this very same spot, only it was 78 years previous to this. Was there a connection?

**A:** Yes. Space/time coordinates linkage.

**Q:** (L) Was this ship doing anything other than what you have said?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Does a mother ship carry a lot of small ships?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many can be carried in one mother ship?

**A:** 150,000

**Q:** (L) Holy Shi'ite Moslems! What size are they? And, we have to remember that these ships are bigger inside, as a rule, because of some sort of strange principal at that level.

**A:** Exactly, remember, there is variability of physicality on 4th density, but not lack of physicality.

**Q:** (L) There was apparently a sighting in Gulf Breeze either last night or the night before. The triangular ships with the orange lights. Were they human or alien?

**A:** Alien.

**Q:** (L) Who did they belong to?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) Why are there so many kinds of alien ships?

**A:** See previous statements. VOP.

**Q:** (L) Variability of physicality. Okay, I have also been reading about cattle mutilations, that specific parts of the body are taken...

**A:** Rumen.

**Q:** (L) What is that?

**A:** Cattle part.

[The rumen, also known as a paunch, forms the larger part of the reticulorumen, which is the first chamber in the alimentary canal of ruminant animals.]

**Q:** (L) Why do they take an eyeball? What do they want only one eyeball?

**A:** Study soul pattern.

**Q:** (L) Can you study a soul pattern through an eyeball?

**A:** Like a tape recorder.

**Q:** (L) Why do they take part of a lip?

**A:** DNA library.

**Q:** (L) Well, how many eyes and DNA libraries do they need. This is happening a lot.

**A:** Some is copy cat by "secret government."

**Q:** (L) I have heard a recent rumor that the Chupacabras makes three puncture marks, and that one of them extends all the way up into the brain. Is this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are the stories being heard from the SW and Mexico, and even from South Florida, are they all the Chupacabras?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) How many people in the United States have implants?

**A:** 2 per cent.

**Q:** (L) Why did I lose my voice recently?

**A:** Inflamed vocal cords. Suggest you go buy, then read, Oeschler book for enhanced learning. Okay for now, Good Night.

END OF SESSION

