## January 27, 1996
Frank, Laura, PZ, PkZ, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Sorria.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) If you will bear with us tonight, we would like to ask a couple of health related questions.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) First, is this sickness that I am experiencing part of an 'attack?'

**A:** As always.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can do to terminate this kind of attack?

**A:** No. Prevent? Yes!

**Q:** (L) What can one do to prevent these kinds of attack?

**A:** Always watch all portals! Those around you are all portals always!

**Q:** (L) So, we are all portals. If everybody is a portal, it seems that you could spend all your time watching all of them and never get anything else done!

**A:** Incorrect, when portals are activated, you will know if you are watching!!! Your problem has been "falling down on the job," especially not being aware of the danger presented by those closest to you. You tend to expect attack to always come from more or less disassociated parties, and you frequently confuse issues: mode and source!

**Q:** (L) Well, is this especially true as we are on the verge of getting the magazine out and getting some things out on the internet?

**A:** Of course, that should be obvious.

**Q:** (L) Does that also include P's aches and pains every time we try to get the work done?

**A:** Yes, and expect more.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am so sick that I am ready to throw in the towel.

**A:** Throw in the towel?!? It's too late!! And besides, your life will dramatically improve if you persevere, as we have told you.

**Q:** (L) Susan has had several dreams about a storm coming and having to batten down the hatches and relocating...

**A:** Susan must inquire.

**Q:** (S) In my dream, it was either a physical move, or a moving on to something. Am I moving out of town in a physical way, is it a spiritual moving on, or am I moving in a different direction in terms of my path?

**A:** That is four questions at once.

**Q:** (S) Am I going to be leaving the area?

**A:** Do you desire to?

**Q:** (S) No, I don't.

**A:** Then why would you expect that you would?

**Q:** (S) Well, that's what the dream was, but I know it's symbolic. Do you think maybe I could be moving on, hopefully spiritually? What does it mean, my moving on or relocating?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (S) Well, I just wonder in what way... (L) Susan has said that she thinks this dream means she is going to die...

**A:** Susan, ask your questions directly, please! If you "beat around the bush," we will also!

**Q:** (S) Will I be moving into 5th density soon?

**A:** What is "soon?"

**Q:** (S) Will it be sometime this year?

**A:** Only if you do something that might best be described as "ill advised."

**Q:** (S) Because of all these dreams about me moving on, could it have something to do with, like, in an earlier session you said that I was a, um, I was held over in 5th density as a learning channel. Now, I must have been learning important to be held over as many times as I was. Will whatever I was learning in 5th density come in handy in this lifetime, maybe?

**A:** What do you think you have been doing for the past year, as you measure "time?" And, what is "moving on?"

**Q:** (S) Progressing?

**A:** Yes!!

**Q:** (S) You mean that what I am learning here, the knowledge I am getting here?

**A:** That is beside the point, somewhat.

**Q:** (S) The only other thing is therapy... is it the channeling?

**A:** Both, and more to come.

**Q:** (S) Well, I feel like I am just wasting my time in doing the therapy...

**A:** Let it flow, Susan, don't worry about what all the twists and turns along the way mean... It is the destination that matters, and that is not for you to know yet.

**Q:** (S) In all these dreams, I am repeatedly packing up to move. (L) Why are you worried about it? Let it flow. (S) Because I have never had dreams that repeated over and over. This is a first for me...

**A:** Have you ever had other "firsts?"

**Q:** (S) Yes...

**A:** Did you panic over those?

**Q:** (S) Sometimes.

**A:** And what happened?

**Q:** (S) I survived.

**A:** So...?

**Q:** (S) I just learn from them and grow from them... (L) And don't we just answer our own questions? (P) I have a question... the lady who took the aura pictures the other night told me that I can astrally project. Is this true?

**A:** Everyone can.

**Q:** (Pk) Am I special?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (Pk) America has a flag, does Cassiopaea have a symbol? I want a symbol for my magazine... I mean your magazine...

**A:** We have given two.

**Q:** (L) The wheel with seven spokes and the triple pyramid with the circle. (P) Together?

**A:** No. Ask more, Patrick, as two very recent events have served to blast open your learning channel.

**Q:** (Pk) Then they must know exactly what I am going to ask. I want to know if they can put something in my subconscious for the cover design. I need proof.

**A:** Proof, what is that?

**Q:** (Pk) What is proof? Never mind. I'm afraid to ask.

**A:** Ask, what do you think we will do? Disintegrate you where you sit?

**Q:** (Pk) The rumbling... does everybody have this... the rumbling sound in my head?

**A:** Vague, but we will answer if "everyone" were to choose to have it, then everyone would have it.

**Q:** (L) What is it that Patrick perceives as a rumbling in his head. Apparently, when he turns it on, it has a pronounced effect on his aura.

**A:** Turn on a radio between channels, and what do you hear?

**Q:** (L) Static. (Pk) Buzzing. More than one channel? (L) What are the channels?

**A:** That is not the issue. Turn on a radio that has its tuner between channels, and what do you hear???

**Q:** (L) You hear static. And this would imply that the radio could be tuned.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pk) And that is what I need to work on?

**A:** If you wish.

**Q:** (L) I don't know too many people who can turn this on and off...

**A:** But you know people who have it "on" all the time, and always tuned.

**Q:** (L) I guess. (Pk) Does it have anything to do with why the aliens did not abduct me back in 1987 on the road trip through Pennsylvania.

**A:** That is not important.

**Q:** (L) Yes. They wanted his mom, not him! (Pk) Do I have an implant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Pk) Will I have an implant?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) Sheldon Nidle has written a book called "Becoming a Galactic Human." He has said that the Earth is going to go into a photon belt sometime this summer, that there is going to be 3 days of darkness, and the poo is going to hit the fan, so to speak, the aliens are going to land in the late summer or the fall, and they are all coming here to help us. Could you comment on these predictions?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is a fleet of aliens going to land on Earth and be announced by the media in 1996?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (P) In 1997?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Could you comment on the source of this book: "Three days of Darkness," by Divine Mercy?

**A:** Source?!?

**Q:** (L) Well, is there going to be 3 days of darkness in 1998 like it says?

**A:** Why does this continue to be such a popular notion? And, why is everyone so obsessed with, are you ready for this, trivia...? Does it matter if there is three days of darkness?!? Do you think that is the "be all and end all?" What about the reasons for such a thing?... at all levels, the ramifications? It's like describing an atomic war in prophecy by saying: "Oh my, oh my, there is going to be three hours of a lot of big bangs, oh my!!"

**Q:** (L) Well, you didn't say it wasn't going to happen in the fall of 1998. Is it?

**A:** First of all, as we have warned you repeatedly, it is literally impossible to attach artificially conceived calendar dates to any sort of prophecy or prediction for the many reasons that we have detailed for you numerous times. {Note: the 'fluid' nature of the future. Probability, etc.} And we have not said that this was going to happen.

**Q:** (L) I know that you are saying that this 3 days of darkness is trivial considering the stupendous things that are involved in realm crossings. But, a lot of these people are interpreting this as just 3 days of darkness.. then wake up in paradise. I would like to have some sort of response to this question.

**A:** Trust us to lead you when and how it is appropriate. You should already know that to attempt apply 3rd density study and interpretations to 4th density events and realities is useless in the extreme... This is why UFO researchers keep getting 3 new questions for every 1 answer they seek with their "research." If you will trust us, we will always give you not only the most correct answers to each and every inquiry, but also the most profound answers. If the individual does not understand, then that means they are either prejudiced, or not properly tuned in.

**Q:** (L) Previously you told us about the Southwest region of the United States becoming 4th density. Will the people who live there become 4th density beings? Or will they be 3rd density beings in 3rd density?

**A:** Some of both bleed-in and bleed-out.

**Q:** (L) Recently Frank had an experience where he heard me calling him as he was going in his door. Then, he heard {my son} talking to him here in my kitchen when {son} was up in bed. He was worried that it meant something had happened, but it was apparently nothing of the sort. So, what was it?

**A:** Increased awareness of ethereal imprints.

**Q:** (L) When I was standing at the washer the other night, I heard someone clap their hands very loudly right behind me. Nobody was there.

**A:** Same.

**Q:** (L) You said earlier that if I just persevere that my life will improve dramatically and immediately. So, when you say this, do you mean really sudden and in a big way?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to give me any clues on this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Pk) Do you ever laugh?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pk) Do you miss being in 3rd density?

**A:** Do you miss being in 2nd? Or first?

**Q:** (Pk) Are you laughing at us?

**A:** Yes. And no, Pk, we were 3rd density beings in fact we are you in the "future!" We were you, and we are you, and we were 3rd density. Do you understand the significance of the last statement, or would you rather just brush it off? We are you and we were you and we were 3rd density but we are not now 3rd density and you are not yet 6th density.

**Q:** (L) How do you spend your 'time?'

**A:** Teaching, sharing, assisting.

**Q:** (L) What do you do for fun?

**A:** That is fun!

**Q:** (PZ) With each other?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (PZ) With who?

**A:** Densities 1,2,3,4,5.

**Q:** (PZ) Do we all have a guardian angel? Each and every one of us? One to a person?

**A:** Not correct concept.

**Q:** (L) What is the correct concept?

**A:** Not possible for you to comprehend.

**Q:** (L) How do we get assistance from higher realms?

**A:** By asking and...

**Q:** (L) What is the limit to the kind of assistance we can receive?

**A:** Limit?!? We live within a realm that includes no such thing!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, the 'angel thing' is pretty big nowadays. There are an awful lot of angels running around. My first thought was: 'what better way for the bad guys to deceive than to appear as angels.'

**A:** Not true!!! STS CAN appear as entities incorrectly perceived as "angels," but if it is really a sixth density being, incorrect perception is not possible.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand. There are a LOT of beings who deceive people. They produce phenomena, they do any number of things including making people 'feel good,' have dreams, and all that. What do you mean that incorrect perception is not possible? It happens all the time!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what is the story here?

**A:** Your perception abilities are short-circuiting due to vibrational interaction.

**Q:** (L) If you there is anywhere in you a question about what you are perceiving, then that question is an indication that all the rest of what you are perceiving could be false?

**A:** Part of the equation.

**Q:** (L) So, if it is really a 6th density being, it will blow you away to such an extent that there is NO question?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, what is the other part of the equation?

**A:** Well, why do you question us? First of all, you question us because the communication is limited at this point... you are not yet prepared for stronger envelopment.

**Q:** (PZ) So, I should continue to pray?

**A:** All goes to 6th density.

**Q:** (PZ) Okay, let's say that I have a little child who is dying of leukemia, and I am praying with everything in me, and the child dies anyway. I don't get it. What's the deal here?

**A:** Wrong. If child dies, that is your lesson profile.

**Q:** (PZ) Well, why isn't my lesson profile with this particular situation that is going on in my life right now, why isn't it continuing? I thought that maybe I need to...

**A:** Is it over yet, Pat?

**Q:** (PZ) No, it isn't over yet, but...

**A:** So, what is your question, if it is not yet concluded?

**Q:** (PZ) Can you feel what I am thinking?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (PZ) So, why do I need to ask?

**A:** Because we never interfere with free will.

**Q:** (PZ) If I continue to pray, things will continue to get better?

**A:** Things will stay on their intended course.

**Q:** (PZ) Are you telling me that my life has been predestined?

**A:** No. If you continue to pray, there is no chance of your lessons being interrupted or deferred. Clarify.

**Q:** (PZ) Well, that sounds like it is going to continue, it is not going to stop.

**A:** No, clarify means to solidify your understanding of the answer.

**Q:** (PZ) Well, I don't understand. (L) I think it is pretty clear that the things you are experiencing are part of the lessons.

**A:** Whatever that is... i.e.: que sera sera.

**Q:** (PZ) But then, we are back to predestiny?

**A:** No, lessons.

**Q:** (PZ) Well, how many damn lessons do you have to get?

**A:** As many "damn" lessons as you need!

**Q:** (S) What about the prayers that are directed to Jesus?

**A:** Jesus is one of us in "special service" sector.

**Q:** (L) Like a "green beret?"

**A:** No, more like a "beige beret."

**Q:** (L) What is a 'beige beret?'

**A:** Just our term.

**Q:** (PZ) Well, I have just always wondered if this praying business is a bunch of malarkey. (L) Oh, no. (PZ) If I pray a rosary, I am praying to the Virgin Mary. Who is she? Where is she?

**A:** "She" is here too.

**Q:** (PZ) Does that prayer go directly to her and does she then send you out to do whatever?

**A:** She is not really a she. And when you write to "Ann Landers," does she really see it? And Good night.

END OF SESSION

