## February 3, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV, PZ, SZ, MM, Sandra, Tom F., Cherie D., PkZ

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Words mean little.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Your commentary.

**Q:** (L) My commentary?

**A:** SV's.

**Q:** (L) Okay, who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Vostokokki.

**Q:** (L) Where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cass.

**Q:** (L) Why are you not spelling Cassiopaea as is usual?

**A:** We have addressed this in prior sessions. Please review.

**Q:** (L) We have several questions tonight. Do you have any particular messages for anyone here first?

**A:** The need to deliver messages flows naturally, there is no way to "choreograph" it by requesting a specific "time" for this procedure. And, please tell SV to relay specifically when we place words in quotes!!!!! It is annoying to not get messages properly transmitted when it is important for each entity receiving to absorb every detail of the given messages as it is intended. We have up until now not said anything about this, in the hopes that she would learn this by herself, but alas, she has not. Therefore, we regret the necessary reprimand. Sorry SV, but now please be aware that you have been told, and do not make this error ever again!

**Q:** (L) Goodness! All I did was ask if there was a message for anyone!

**A:** But it is important for you to continue at the same steady pace.

**Q:** (L) Can I continue with the questions now?

**A:** Obviously, it is always possible to do all that you desire to attempt.

**Q:** (L) First question: there were rumors on the internet that a respected scientist described a 'ship' in orbit around the planet Saturn, which was said to be as large as the planet Earth. And, supposedly, he said that the photographs from the space probe that sent back the pictures of Saturn's rings, showed this ship clearly with portholes in it. Is this thing seen in orbit around Saturn, described by this NASA scientist on television, which I cannot confirm because I did not see it; is it, in fact, an artificially constructed craft of some sort?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was being seen?

**A:** It was an artificially constructed tale.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there is a fellow, TF, who has been hanging around PZ's print shop, who has a VERY strange story about his past and present. The funny thing is, all the odd things about his story that we were discussing recently, he explained point by point the following day as though he had been listening to our conversation and knew of our doubts and suspicions. Who is this guy and what are his objectives where PZ is concerned?

**A:** Best not to discuss issues which threaten to interfere with free will directive. Suggest you stay "on your toes" with this one!

**Q:** (L) Is there anything about this that you can tell us that does not interfere with free will?

**A:** Have you not thought to gently inquire of the individual in question? And if not, why not? Generally, those involved in a ruse, be it simple or complex, are uncomfortable with graduated incremental disclosure!

**Q:** (L) Is one of the reasons you cannot discuss this more freely because we have such a large group this evening?

**A:** Who says we are not discussing it freely? Subtle answers that require effort to dissect, promote intensified learning.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I made the observation that if the fellow was a government spy, he would certainly have had a better cover story that the one presented. Am I on the right track?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) And, sometimes it seems that alien programmed or controlled individuals do not have stories that make sense, or are consistent, because maybe there is some lack in their understanding of human culture. Am I on the right track here?

**A:** Sometimes is not all times.

**Q:** (L) Well, the guy is really HUGE and has size 17 feet... he looks like a Nephilim to me! Am I on the right track?

**A:** It would be more fun if he had size "35" feet!

**Q:** (L) Who has size 35 feet?

**A:** If you meet them, "give us a call!"

**Q:** (L) Are you joking with me? All kidding aside...

**A:** You need to be aware of all "guys."

**Q:** (L) Does PZ have anything to be afraid of?

**A:** What have we told you about knowledge as opposed to ignorance?!?

**Q:** (L) PZ wants to know what his intentions are.

**A:** Review answer two.

**Q:** (PZ) Was he paranoid about the questions we were asking a week prior to tonight?

**A:** What happens to those who become uncomfortable?

**Q:** (L) Well, they get out of the situation. So, start grilling him...

**A:** Not "grill." We suggest subtle approach, or grill him "rotisserie" style.

**Q:** (L) Tonight, it seems that everyone wants to know who or what is this El Chupacabras?

**A:** We were not finished with the other subject. That is weighing heavily on some minds present here. Ask, that is how one learns!!

**Q:** (PZ) Do I have any reason to be concerned about my actions regarding him, that I called to check on him with the police and reported him to the State Attorneys office?

**A:** Possibly.

**Q:** (PZ) Is it possible that there are 'moles' in the tiny little police department here?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (PZ) Do I need to get a bodyguard?

**A:** You are straying, please review.

**Q:** (L) Was it a clue that if she stays "on her toes" he won't step on here with his size 17 feet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (PZ) Pk seems to believe everything he says.

**A:** Ask Pk.

**Q:** (L) What do you think, Pk? (Pk) I think he does a little bit of double-talk, but not as much as everybody thinks.

**A:** That is not the issue.

**Q:** (L) Is the specific issue whether this guy has any alien connections...

**A:** No, that is not it.

**Q:** (PZ) Is he monitoring us?

**A:** Review answer two.

**Q:** (L) It must be the one about inquiring in subtle ways.

**A:** Now, ask yourself (PZ): How likely is it that anyone with a tremendous ability to supposedly create such massive amounts of income, would just "walk in the door" and offer you a partnership in an endeavor that is going to produce such riches, as the person in question has described to you? If this individual has such tremendous acumen, why would he want to share the "bounty?" Remember the old saying: if something sounds too good to be true...

**Q:** (L) Okay, can we ask now about El Chupacabras?

**A:** It is what it is.

**Q:** (L) It is a 'goatsucker.' Where does it come from?

**A:** Review transcripts re: "window fallers."

**Q:** (L) If it is a window faller, does it come from another density, or a lateral dimension?

**A:** Closer to the latter.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so it is like a horizontal dimension. What allowed it to enter our realm?

**A:** This is complex, but best described as "EM wave bursts along frequency border variation."

**Q:** (L) Is there some way to capture or stop this creature?

**A:** You do not yet completely understand all the "mechanics" of the window faller phenomenon. The physicality is entirely transitory and partially dependent upon consciousness variabilities, as well as expectations of witnesses.

**Q:** (L) Does the energy of the fear of the witness enable the creature to continue its existence? Does it feed on the excitement and fear, and is that what makes it manifest?

**A:** Close, but off a little. It is the other way around, and retro-factored by one half.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by that?

**A:** It is mutual, rather than unilateral. Also, remember that a window falling represents a cross-energizing of realities, equally represented from each "dimension" in question. In other words, because the dimensional curtain has been "torn," half of one and half of the other contributes to the whole reality.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that something from our reality is also scaring something in that other reality?

**A:** No, it does not "work" that way at all.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that this mutual creature is going to turn its attention from animals to humans?

**A:** Ditto last answer. And review response prior to that!

**Q:** (L) Okay, now, there are a lot of current teachings that say that the 'dregs' of other planets are being sent to Earth to 'refine' them, so to speak, and that this is why the human race is so divided and antagonistic... that the interactions are supposed to result in annihilation of the weak and survival of the strong in both physical and spiritual terms.

**A:** First of all, confusion abounds here due to incorrect interpretations of the last subject discussed. Dimensions are not densities!!!! Dimensions are strictly the result of the universal consciousness as manifested in the imagination sector of thought. Density means level of development as measured in terms of closeness to union with The One... Cycle. So, obviously, the "chupacabras" is a manifestation of human consciousness, and, human beings are a manifestation of the Chupacabras consciousness. Get it? Now, a shocker for you: You would not exist if someone didn't "dream you up."

**Q:** (L) Who dreamed me up?

**A:** Not important just yet. You literally are the "figments" of someone's imagination, and nothing more!!!

**Q:** (L) You mean God dreams and brings us into existence?

**A:** Remember, "God" is really all existence in creation, in other words, all consciousness. This is because all existence in creation is consciousness, and vice versa.

**Q:** (L) So, the issues of racial superiority that are brought up in the Urantia book can be answered by 'anything is possible?'

**A:** Close, but remember, all there is is lessons!

**Q:** (L) Is it true that the 'dregs' of other planets are being sent to earth?

**A:** That would be subjective.

**Q:** (MM) I would like to know if the Cassiopaeans are familiar with the entity that was on the three dimensional level known as Paramahansa Yogananda?

**A:** Third density, not three dimensional. And yes, but this entity had many aliases: Thorn, Christian, Mobson Singh, etc.

**Q:** (MM) Where is Paramahansa now?

**A:** Fifth Density.

**Q:** (MM) Is he the Avatar? {An "avatar" is claimed to be a manifestation of a deity in bodily form on earth.}

**A:** That is a subjective, artificial concept of the self- styled variety.

**Q:** (MM) Who came up with the concept? (W) I don't know. I read it in a book somewhere. (L) So, someone said he is now an Avatar?

**A:** Is Debbie a "shaman," is Billy a "hero," is Oscar a "blade runner?"

**Q:** (L) I read Yogananda's book and it seemed that he might be a very holy person. He seemed to have very loving concepts and practices in his life. (MM) I just wanted to know where he is now. (L) Fifth density, they said. (MM) Does fifth density have anything to do with Venus?

**A:** That is not a proper conceptualization.

**Q:** (L) Well, fifth density is the contemplation and recycling 'zone.' (MM) Well, at the centers, the ashrams and shrines, people swear that he appears to them. I was curious also about the entity in my home.

**A:** This is a hanger-on from visit with W at her domain. It is an E.energy seeking renewal.

**Q:** (L) Is MM's critter an STS or STO entity?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) How does it make you feel? (MM) I am tired all the time. (L) How can she get rid of it?

**A:** Spirit release.

**Q:** (MM) Was it attached to W first?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (MM) Is this what set off my fire alarm?

**A:** Energy therefrom.

{Break}

**Q:** (L) Sandra wants to know about her uncle who just died in January. (S) Where is he? {Sandra, herself, died a few months after this session.}

**A:** He is at 5th density.

**Q:** (S) Is he having a hard time adjusting?

**A:** No, but remember, there is no "time" there.

**Q:** (S) Many members of the family have reported having visions and dreams of him. What are these caused by?

**A:** Various processes.

**Q:** (L) I guess you have to ask about specific ones. Are any of these caused by Uncle Andrew himself visiting?

**A:** That is too simplified.

**Q:** (L) I guess you have to specify...

**A:** No, you don't understand. We meant that your comment was too simplified. The question is: are any of these manifestations Uncle Andrew?

**Q:** (S) He appeared to his oldest daughter ...

**A:** The concept is faulty.

**Q:** (L) The idea of any of them being Andrew, I guess. (S) So, the appearances are all their own expectations?

**A:** No, not always, but we are trying to teach.

**Q:** (S) Is he at peace?

**A:** Yes. Do you want to learn, or would you prefer to assume?

**Q:** (L) What are these manifestations?

**A:** They are 5th density thought projection energy waves.

**Q:** (L) So, his family are picking up these 5th density thought energy waves.

**A:** You are not following well.

**Q:** (S) So, when the family members are seeing negative things, it is just their own guilt?

**A:** There is no time on 5th density. All event sequences happen eternally and for an instant only at once.

**Q:** (L) How does that relate to the question?

**A:** Because you asked if he was at peace, and if he was "adjusting." Do you not see that by the "time" you realize someone is "dead," they have already, in essence, experienced their entire 5th density incarnation recycling, learning and contemplative experience in "zero time?!"

**Q:** (L) Sandra wants to know how many times she has been 'recycled' as a human being?

**A:** 84.

**Q:** (S) I knew it! That's why this body is breaking down in pieces! (PZ) What about me?

**A:** 73.

**Q:** (L) SZ?

**A:** 73.

**Q:** (L) PZ?

**A:** 65.

**Q:** (PZ) Have S\*\*\* {her daughter} and I known each other in another life?

**A:** Yes, all have and do. Number of incarnations does not predetermine schedule for graduation. And you, my dear, are too fatigued, so Good Night.

END OF SESSION

