## April 28, 1996
Frank, Pat Z, Laura.

This was an interesting session night. If you refer back to the immediately previous session of 24 April, you'll note the reference to cardiac concerns. On the 25th of April, my close friend, Sandra, suffered cardiac arrest probably due to thrombosis. She was found by a janitor cleaning the offices where she was working late. She was supposed to stop by my house that evening, but never showed up. I figured something came up and she would call me. When another day went by and I had not heard from her, I called to find out what was going on and learned about her collapse, that she was in the hospital, but that she had been found too late; she was on total life support only until all of the family could assemble.

With the permission of the family, I was allowed in to see her. I spent some time talking to her and found it hard to believe that she was gone because her eyelids would flicker and her fingers would move when I talked to her. Anyway, I was very distressed and that night I determined to either try to communicate with her or ask the Cs about her. So, the first part of this session was dedicated to that. Unfortunately, the tape was lost and all I have are the handwritten notes of the responses, but I will try to reconstruct the session below. It was around midnight when we began.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. You wanted to contact Sandra?

**Q:** Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Yturso.

**Q:** And where are you communicating from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I would like to know if it is possible to communicate with Sandra?

**A:** Maybe. If you wish to speak with her, we must "step out of the way".

Q:

**A:** With, not "to."

**Q:** Is there any chance that she will recover?

**A:** No.

Q:

**A:** In order for you to contact her in any way, we must leave!! Temporarily, of course!

**Q:** Is it safe for you to give up the channel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, I'm a little skeptical.

**A:** Try it.

**Q:** How will I know it's really Sandra?

**A:** Discover

**Q:** Okay, let's try it.

**A:** Done!

**Q:** Sandra, are you there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** When I was talking to you at the hospital, were you trying to respond to me?

**A:** No.

Here there followed a series of "no" responses that indicated that Sandra was not coming back to her body. I asked her how she felt"

**A:** Good. I'm just getting started!

Then, more or less out of the blue the following came:

**A:** Don't shoot! Let the young girl go!

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** You'll see. Station. Radio.

That was rather puzzling and since it didn't seem to be anything but static, we didn't pursue it. It was only on the following day that we learned that the Port Arthur, Tasmania, massacre was taking place at exactly that time.

**Q:** Are you having problems communicating?

**A:** My first time. I'm better on the other side of the board. [Sandra had sat with us to communicate with Cs on a number of occasions.]

**Q:** I asked something about whether she was in and out of her body.

**A:** Yesterday was last time. I just came in for a little while.

Several "no" answers which I think were about whether she suffered any pain. Then I asked her what was she thinking about when she suffered the "event".

**A:** Dinner.

**Q:** What did it feel like?

**A:** Felt like fainting. I had a funny feeling in my stomach. Weak in the arms, then a tingling in my fingers. Then lights flickered then flash then a popping in my head then a dream. Then I saw myself on the floor. I felt good.

**Q:** Were you afraid?

**A:** No. I thought, well of course I'm dead, who wouldn't be after all that?

**Q:** Then I asked her something about whether she was stuck or could she go into the light.

**A:** No, Laura. You really don't know about this. I am in the light.

**Q:** I just don't want you to get stuck anywhere.

**A:** When have I ever been stuck? This is fun! There is no right or wrong here either. This is like a school. This is fun! Do you know when I last had fun?

**Q:** I said something about how much I would miss her.

**A:** Laura, don't be a spoilsport!

**Q:** Here I asked how could I be sure that I was talking to Sandra.

**A:** Figures in file cabinet. Think. Tom was mad.

This referred to a practical joke she and I pulled when we worked together at the state welfare office, HRS. We had put little dressmaking mink heads and tails in a file folder, sticking out like the whole critter was in there, and then sent the secretary to get a file that would be found in that drawer. When she opened it, she threw a whole stack of files she was carrying into the air and ran screaming from the room. And yes, the lead worker, Tom, was really upset with us. No one else in the room (F and P) knew about this.

**Q:** I said something like I couldn't be sure…

**A:** Oh, Laura, I'm doing my best! Do you want my fingerprints?

At this point, I said my farewells with great sadness and we let Sandra go and then asked for the Cs to return.

~~~

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Vordkon.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) As you know, we just had a little chat with Sandra and we thank you for that. Now, we have been discussing a lot of different things here, and the main thing that I have been focusing on is the trap of emotions. I would like to know if this trap is foisted upon us from external sources?

**A:** The formula is "foisted."

**Q:** (L) What is the formula?

**A:** Set pattern, like a maze.

**Q:** (L) Okay. And what is the most effective way to get out of this maze of emotional control?

**A:** Calculate.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can be done when one is in process of extricating oneself from an emotional trap to cut off or ease the pain of it? It quite literally hurts.

**A:** No need to ease.

**Q:** (L) Well, once you have done it and gone through it, or, more particularly, once you see that it is a trap, it doesn't hurt anymore - or lessens. Another thing is that we all have been affected by being sucked into emotional traps, seemingly since birth. Is this common for all people?

**A:** All? No, most, yes.

**Q:** (L) Would it be a fair statement to say that people who have potential to do very positive things in terms of clearing away and understanding the reality in which we exist, might be primary targets for this emotional turmoil?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what might be the characteristics of a person who is not caught in the emotional trap?

**A:** Embracing? No. Uniting? Yes.

**Q:** (L) Ah! So, you are saying that people who can clear the emotional traps can unite in a higher emotional sense?

**A:** Emotions are chemicals only.

**Q:** (L) So, if emotions are chemical only, is it true that when one is in physical proximity to certain people, that perhaps their frequency vibrations cause these chemicals to be stimulated or generated within us?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) And, that it takes great force of will and mental power to counteract this physical action?

**A:** No, just practice.

**Q:** (L) Okay, once you have done it a few times in small ways, you can build up to big ones?

**A:** Not quite correct concept.

**Q:** (L) I was reading this piece sent to us on the internet where this Cosmic Awareness source talks about people who deliberately have [incarnated] because, since the good guys really can't interfere from the outside, because it would violate free will, that many of them incarnate and thereby partake of the physical experience, and then wake up and are able to do the things that are needed on the planet. The object being to try to make sure that they will awaken to their purpose, and that emotions and emotional traps are used repeatedly and continuously to try to prevent them from awakening. What I am getting at is: what are the things that we can do to awaken? You have told us many times that we need to awaken. Obviously we are not fully awakened. We are aware of that. Is there some other thing we can do?

**A:** Let it happen naturally. If you are on a path, do you seek to jump up into the air and fly to the end of the path? If you did, you would regret missing the "rest of the path."

**Q:** (L) A lot of very strange things have been happening... Sandra and her heart attack, [my daughter] and her [broken] ankle, the terrible sicknesses I have had in the past months, [my other daughter] talking about the things that have happened in her experiences... it seems like, to me, that the situation in terms of attack is really heating up. Can you comment on this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, thanks a lot! Can we ask questions about it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, my eye infections, the ear problems, the loss of my voice for so long... were these part of the attack process?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) My mother also fell down and has a black eye. I am trying to find the portal? What is the portal through which all this attack is coming?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Did we already discover it in part, i.e. SV and her mother and that situation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that SV is not a portal?

**A:** People are not portals!!! They are only victims of the things that come through the portals. Otherwise, many could describe you as a "portal."

**Q:** (L) Well, I never said that I wasn't. Speaking of that...

**A:** When you concentrate on the people as portals, you falsely direct negative energy upon the soul units themselves. Rather like treating acne with the therapy to be found in a shotgun!

**Q:** (L) What is the appropriate response when you are in a situation and you know that the person is being victimized, yes, by the forces coming through the portal, but their victimization is causing you a great deal of problems? What is the appropriate response here?

**A:** How do you view those afflicted with disease? Do you throw rocks at them?!?

**Q:** (L) Well, no, you don't throw rocks at them...

**A:** What do you do, then?

**Q:** (L) Well, a person with a disease: you send or take them to a doctor or suggest that they go to a doctor.

**A:** For what purpose?

**Q:** (L) To discover the diagnosis of the disease, to obtain medicine, to either relieve the symptoms or cure the disease.

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) We are talking about people who won't even admit they have a disease! How do you tell someone to go to a doctor when they don't think they are sick? Most people do NOT believe that they are subject to control or manipulation from other densities! You have told a number of people that they were going to be subjected to attack and manipulation and they have blithely said 'Oh, there is nothing in our lives that would permit that...'

**A:** Denial is not incurable until you give up. Patience combined with kind invitations to participate in the learning process eventually allows the victim to awaken, thus to be open to cure. This helps you to build the "army" you seek. Isolation cures nothing. Thereby stifling progress, as any and all will ultimately be seen as "portals." Rather like "spinning one's wheels," yes??

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, you are saying I should remain married to my husband, I should have SV and other disruptive and destructive people over here constantly to 'participate' in the learning process?

**A:** The point is not to rigidly adhere to specific lifestyles, nor maintain exact patterning of behavior, merely to not close doors completely and permanently.

**Q:** (L) Okay, if a person were, say, a robot person, when a person becomes a robot person, what happens to the soul of the robot person?

**A:** Same process.

**Q:** (L) As what?

**A:** Death.

**Q:** (L) So, a person can die and leave their body, their body can be taken over and reanimated and controlled to function and do a lot of things for a long time. Meanwhile, the original soul has completely departed to 5th density ready to recycle?

**A:** Yes, but body is replaced, not reanimated.

**Q:** (L) Is this what happened to [my ex] when he had that surgery back in 1981?

**A:** We caution that, even though you have met 7 "robots," in your entire lifetime, not to "see" them under every bush or around every corner. You have met so many people in your life. We gave you one, and only one!!

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the dream where this was stated to me quite clearly?

**A:** Dreams are the best forum for disinformation that exists.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I can see that. But, at the same time they are also one of the best ways to get information from the subconscious and the higher conscious, is this not true?

**A:** We have mentioned dualities a lot!!

**Q:** (L) Skipping the disinformation part, and just getting to the analysis part, the story of Bluebeard... I am still of the opinion, robot person or not, I am doing the right thing. Is it possible that, even in this situation, that I am caught up in an emotional trap?

**A:** Sure. This learning thing is anything but easy!

**Q:** (L) Yes, that's all fine and dandy, but we are talking about breaking up my whole life here...

**A:** Maybe, maybe not.

**Q:** (L) What good is channeling if it does not help you to make decisions once in a while. Once in a while, I say. Not all the time. Or to help clarify things! To put additional light on it instead of muddying the water!

**A:** We are not "muddying" the water," only you can do that!

**Q:** (L) Well, enough of that...

**A:** No, not enough of that. And a much needed pointer for you: answers to questions of global or universal significance provide for a greater personal learning than direct personal inquiries. If you disagree, check transcripts and especially un-transcribed sessions for validation! You will see, my dear!!

**Q:** (L) Well, that is why I said that was enough of that because I don't want to talk about my personal stuff anymore. I did think that the thing about the robot people was pretty significant, but obviously it is not that significant or important. There's two million of them on the planet, and I have been told that I have encountered seven. I did think that this was a pretty high ratio of robot people for one person to encounter...

**A:** Yes, but your life path has been unusual. And you have met 4588 people personally!

**Q:** (L) How many people has Frank met?

**A:** 2754.

**Q:** (L) How many were robots?

**A:** 3.

**Q:** (L) How many has Pat met?

**A:** 3856.

**Q:** (L) How many robots?

**A:** 1.

**Q:** (L) So, why seven for me - yeah, we know the path is unusual...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me in what sense it is unusual?

**A:** Can't you?

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought I would trick you into telling me...

**A:** No tricks, we only treat.

**Q:** (L) Oh, okay... (P) Will they tell us who are the robots we have met? (L) Probably not...

**A:** Susan S\_\_\_.

**Q:** (L) That was the one they named before... no cigar.

**A:** What better disguise? A nudist!

**Q:** (L) That was funny! I tell you, the Emperor has no clothes! (P) Won't you tell me who it is that I have met?

**A:** Nope.

**Q:** (L) I am so tired now that I cannot formulate a legitimate, reasonable, intelligent or coherent question of global or universal significance; we will say goodnight.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

