## October 5, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry, TomM, Marcie, V

**Q:** (L) Hello

**A:** Hello

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Kournia.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody want to start with some questions? Do we have an open forum tonight, seeing as there are no questions?

**A:** You always have an open forum.

**Q:** (L) Well, seeing as how we have no specific questions, I will ask this question. I was talking with Roger Santilli, and he has expressed his opinion that the potential opportunities for doing research in the United States are extremely limited. I would like to know if that's necessarily...

**A:** Wrong!

**Q:** (L) Good! I'm glad it's wrong! If it is wrong, can you tell us precisely in what way it is wrong, and how we can look at it to gain a better perspective.

**A:** There are no limits, just controls... The knowledge gives one all the necessary tools to overcome the controls. Do not attempt to formulate words as you write, my dear. Just "Go with the flow"

**Q:** (L) Well, I'm feeling pretty darn warm, the energy is higher than I've seen it in a long time... (T) Energetic little being, isn't he?! (V) I'm having a hard time keeping up... (L) I know, it's fast. Just hang in there, sweetie. (T) That's what we're trying to do! (L) Why are we having...

**A:** No meta. The.

**Q:** (L) No ‘meta', ‘the controls.' (V) Oh, I see, I had it wrong... Thanks. (L) We've got some real good energy here. I'd like to ask ...

**A:** I see you, you see me.

**Q:** (V) What does that mean?

**A:** What it says.

**Q:** (L) The energy is really good. I like it. OK, guys, we like the energy tonight. Tell us why we have such good energy tonight.

**A:** Tom.

**Q:** (L) And what is there about Tom?

**A:** Not often here.

**Q:** (L) Anything else about it? No. All right, Marcie took a particular type of Reiki initiation or attunement today, and I'd like to know, what was the... she had an event occur during the attunements. I would like to know what this event was. What this condition was that she experienced.

**A:** She should be careful not to "spread her self too thin."

**Q:** (L) And what does that mean?

**A:** One does not need to cram learning, "steady as she goes."

**Q:** (V) They're punctually correct, aren't they? (L) Yes, they are! So, is that in a sense a caution? {V was referring to punctuation, not punctuality.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you describe what it was that was taking place with her? Or define it?

**A:** Soul bilocation.

**Q:** (L) So, it was not exactly a state, as the Sufis describe?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And where did she bi-locate to?

**A:** Not easily explainable.

**Q:** (L) Was it to another density or dimension? Or parallel universe or spiritual domain? (T) Norfolk Naval Station? (laughter) Destination of bilocation! (L) Was this a beneficial event for her?

**A:** No. She has been ripping open the fabric too much.

**Q:** (V) Do you know what that means? (TM) The fabric of this dimension? (L) Is T correct? The fabric of this dimension?

**A:** Close. Each soul has its own patterning, which is held in place by the three bodies of existence [planchette swirls a few times] ... "thought center, spirit center and physical center," there are specific methodologies for adjusting these, and travelling into or out of other planes of existence. When one does not properly utilize these, one tears the fabric of their trilateral continuum when they seek to travel. This can be very problematic, and may lead to the soul being unable to reconnect with the body, thus causing the physical center to perish!!!

**Q:** (L) The man who was giving the attunements, was he aware of what was happening, or what he was doing?

**A:** Aware only of unusual sensates.

**Q:** (L) He did this? You let him touch you? (M) Yes. (L) Oh, Jesus! (M) Sensations, that's what he said. He was aware of it, he just didn't know what it was. (T) He felt it, but he had no idea what was going on. (M) He just felt that it was something to do with the attunement. I guess, I mean, I don't know! (L) Did it have anything to do with the attunement?

**A:** No. It had to do with previous experiments.

**Q:** (L) Why did she see like a past life review?

**A:** You described it well.

**Q:** (L) In other words, when I said that when she separated from her body, she was able to access the past life review, just as if you were in the process of dying. (M) Well, experiments by who? (L) You!

**A:** You.

**Q:** (L) So, what was, what happened with this interaction that caused this to trigger right there and then? At that moment? What was the trigger?

**A:** Spirit center stimulus.

**Q:** (L) And what was the stimulus? Was this stimulus...

**A:** The "initiation."

**Q:** (L) The initiation stimulated the spirit center. (M) So, what would they have me do? (L) Well, they aren't going to tell you that! (M) No? (L) You have to make your own mind... (M) What's the proper way to go through these.. If I'm tearing my fabric, how do I not tear my fabric? (L) Slow down?

**A:** By ceasing until it is properly healed.

**Q:** (L) You've got to be healed. (M) Healed of what? (T) Healed at the rips and tears? (L) Well, maybe more than that...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) All right, healed at the rips and tears. Approximately how long would that take? (T) Until it's done! (L) Oh, stop it!

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (M) Can that beam, can that portal take care of it... (V) Can you suggest how the rips might be healed? Is there... (L) Wait a minute, wait a minute... (V) Sorry!

**A:** It is a natural process.

**Q:** (L) Marcie wants to know, can the portal that she has in her house take care of helping to heal this...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) The portal you have in your house? (M) I've got it in my aura, we've seen it on film. (L) Maybe that's part of the tear?(M) I don't know... (TM) Look at the location of it... (M) It sure is huge, and it sure is...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No, it's not part of the tear. (T) Does everybody's house have a portal in it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) She's got it in the photographs. Amazing. You haven't seen these photographs. These photographs will knock you out of the water. (T) I'm still waiting to see the photograph of the board. (L) I sent it to Ark. (T) Awwww, I'm never going to see the photograph of the board!!! (L) No, no, no! Cherie has a copy of it. She's going to make us an enlargement. (M) So, what am I supposed to do with this, can the portal assist in any way, this thing in the aura, will it do me any good, I mean, what's it for, anyway?...

**A:** It can assist you in becoming possessed.

**Q:** (M) Well, that's just wonderful!!! How did it get there? (TM) Somebody did something bad there? (M) The top of my head? (TM) Now, wait a minute, it's in your aura? (M) Yes, it's on the top of my head, it comes right down. (TM) Ohhh!

**A:** No it is not a part of you.

**Q:** (M) OK, so it just kind of likes to hang out in my aura! Loves photographing my aura. It loves to be there, we don't know what it is. (T) Maybe it jumps in your aura because it's photogenic! (V) Can it be resolved with spirit release? (L) No. Any personal advice for her at this point?

**A:** Consolidate classes into three way study groupings.

**Q:** (L) What is a three way study group?

**A:** Combined study of three subjects.

**Q:** (L) All right, combine the study of three subjects, instead of studying them separately. So, what subjects are you teaching? (M) I teach healing, I teach the rays of initiation, and I teach auras. (L) Well I guess they are saying to teach all three of them together! Have them all assemble at the same time, instead of separately. (M) The only one I don't do, that's really combined, I teach about healing and auras, but the other one, the one about rays of initiations, that is a separate class. It doesn't fit in! (L) Well, see if you can work a way to do it, like, an hour on this subject, and then we'll go on to this subject. Like a two-class school. And now we go to this, and do it all in one fell swoop, and that way, you've got about two hours. All right, anything else for her? (T) How about asking where this portal came from? (L) Yes, what was the generative source? The one in her house.

**A:** More than one.

**Q:** (L) OK, there's more than one generative source. So, it's a combination of factors. Is it part of the historical site? The space-time location?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it part of the metaphysical activities taking part in the house itself?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it part M herself? And her own mental states?

**A:** Other occupants. More than her.

**Q:** (M) Do they mean live ones or dead ones?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (M) That's what I thought. (V) How can it be removed? (L) What would be the best technique for her stopping activity and allowing herself to heal, and getting herself on track so that she doesn't get any real... Jesus, can you imagine, if this kind of happened again, and you just checked out ?And couldn't get back?

**A:** Changes in lifestyle.

**Q:** (L) Changes in lifestyle... and what specifically, can you list the several...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (M) Oh, man! (L) You've got to know this yourself! You know them yourself!!! (M) Can you ask them... (L) Just think about this, dear. (TM) The more you deny it, the worse it gets.

**A:** We would like to have the opportunity to discuss other issues at this session besides personal issues, as this drains the channel energy. But, we will accept limited questions from those in particular need.

**Q:** (L) I want to finish for her. Can I ask just one short, maybe a couple added to it; quick ones for Marcie?

**A:** One, please.

**Q:** (L) The question I have is, she is in a situation where she is somewhat obfuscated in her directions. It seems that many sorts of sources seek to...

**A:** Obfuscation is illusion.

**Q:** (L) I know, but what I'm trying to get at for my question is yes, she's got all these illusions that she gets thrown at her. But, it seems to me that a person who gets this much attack...

**A:** Finances would take care of themselves, miracle.

**Q:** (TM) I have a question. What is happening in my car...(L) No! (TM) It is just a yes or no question! (L) Well, ok. (TM) Have I been abducted in my car, like Laura suggested?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (TM) Thank you, that's all I wanted to know. (L) Well you should have asked it in a different way! I thought you were going to ask a mechanical question! (laughter) It's been done! I did it!!!! Remember, we asked about LM's truck, and he wanted to argue about it, and the next day, found out it was absolutely correct! He argued with them!!! They diagnosed the problem with his truck, and he argued with them; ‘Well they don't know anything about mechanics!' He stomped around and everything. The next day, the guy from across the street comes over and looks at it and says exactly the same thing they did! That's all it needed, just a little rubber thing stuck over a hole. (laughter) Did he believe? No! It didn't matter to him! OK, I do have one question here. I talked to Chloe the other day, and I told her what we got the other night, about {her recently deceased husband} being sleeping, and she wanted to say that she just couldn't accept that, because so many other people have had visitations and visions and dreams and so forth of him wandering around and doing all these good deeds in the other world. Comments, please.

**A:** Not true.

**Q:** (L) It's not true. Then why are all these other people saying that they are seeing TomG or having experiences with him, either in dreams or visual, or whatever, and what are these people seeing and experiencing?

**A:** In short, inflated opinions of ability manifest false reality.

**Q:** (L) So, these various people who think they're psychic have such inflated opinions of their own abilities that they are all calling her up and saying ‘I saw him, he spoke to me... he came to me in a dream...' (M) Who is TomG? (L) My girlfriend's husband just died. (V) Is he still sleeping?

**A:** Emotions directing events.

**Q:** (T) They are also just telling her what she wants to hear?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, I think I should just not say anything further about it. I was trying to say it in a more comforting way, but she, I guess, what is it...

**A:** She is under emotional "cloud"

**Q:** (L) OK, we have all given Marcie emotional support. We all love her, and we all see her as an important person who is being attacked from all sides. We are all here, at all times, to help you when you need it. So, therefore, you have advice, you have been promised a miracle, it may have something to do with a phone conversation I had the other day... (M) Yes, that was weird! (L) Now, carry on! (T) Was there something you wanted to speak on this evening? You said there were other issues that you wanted to talk about.

**A:** Wait a minute... V, my dear, your retreat will be tremendously uplifting and positive!!! Lots of fun, too.

**Q:** (V) Yahoo! Without getting personal, and going into explanations, was the experience that I had after I fell asleep last night past life remembrance?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Can you tell me what it was without going into detail.

**A:** Subconscious mind wandering.

**Q:** (V) Jesus! (L) Well, in her subconscious mind wanderings, was she picking up something in the atmosphere; some thought, or some fear? (V) I can't believe that that would come from me!

**A:** No. Cycling.

**Q:** (L) Can you give her anything more on this? She was very distressed about it... You can pick it up out of my mind if you want. Her mind, whoever's mind.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it anything to be concerned about as a prophetic thing?

**A:** No. Why would you say prophecy?

**Q:** (L) Well, she was concerned that it was something that could happen... (V) No, I wasn't concerned in that way... I'm concerned, I'm disgusted by it, and I would be much easier for me to handle if it was some kind of past life memory than if it were something that comes from my psyche. Because it disgusts me.

**A:** Disgust manifested in dream state wanderings always result from repressed situations.

**Q:** (L) Ohhh, I see! Was that something that was in the air and was... (V) Repressed as in my relationship with the person.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Do you want to drop that? {Energy burst from the board} A couple of weeks ago you gave us a warning about Ark travelling on his over the road trips and possible alien monitoring. Is his intention to be fully aware and conscious and not travel at night going to help with this particular situation? This warning?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) He is now of the opinion that his awareness of the state of the other person {his ex} as being possibly desirous of undermining his position at the University, that his awareness will forestall or circumvent this. How high a percentage is there of this happening, even with his awareness?

**A:** ? Awareness is not balanced yet.

**Q:** (L) So, his awareness is not complete yet. He is not fully aware of how deep and dark and dooey these aliens can be when they start working through people? Is that it?

**A:** Goin' thru the motions, babe.

**Q:** (L) What? ‘Goin thru the motions, babe?' What does that mean? Does that mean anything to anybody?

**A:** What Ark is doing, but, it is the first step to learning.

**Q:** (L) What does this mean? I don't quite get it. I'm being dense here. (T) We told him that this is happening, so yes, he's going thru the motions for you, that he's understanding this... (M) He's got to go through it completely before he understands... (T) ... but it's got to really happen for it to... (L) Is that it? Is Terry on to it here, that it's got to really happen...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (V) Has he been hauled out, like Marcie and I've been hauled out? (L) Who the hell knows?

**A:** No. Not completely.

**Q:** (V) Marcie and I are just the lucky ones! (T) Such luck! (V) Yeah, right! That was laced with sarcasm!! I do hope you heard that! (T) No, I didn't catch that at all, haha! (L) In terms of this interaction with Roger Santilli, is there anything that would be fruitful to follow in terms of trying to assist him in his work, and in his...

**A:** Let events unfold.

**Q:** (L) It sounds like something is going to unfold. (T) Just let him do what he's going to do. (L) I was talking about our involvement... (T) There's nothing we have to do ... (L) Well, ok, right....

**A:** So were we.

**Q:** (V) What? What does that mean? (L) Ok, they also were talking about our involvement with him... (V) This is like taking notes in classes, you know! This is like practice! This will get me ready for the University! (T) Do we have to spell it out for you? {Extended laughter!} (V) My little finger flies sometimes, Terry, I want to tell you!

**A:** Mind programming.

**Q:** (L) What about mind programming? (T) Is that like Fox and NBC? You know, ‘Must See TV'! (V) This is mirth, guys! (L) Mind programming... (T) OK, what about mind programming? (V) In reference to what?

**A:** We thought we would just throw that onto the table.

**Q:** (L) Well, you certainly did! I guess that's what they want us to talk about! (T) Mind programming! As in programming of one's mind.

**A:** TomM received some most recently.

**Q:** (L) And who did he receive the mind programming from?

**A:** Cultists.

**Q:** (T) What form did it take?

**A:** Negative.

**Q:** (V to TM) Are you aware of this? (T) Not negative or positive, but what form was it presented to him as?

**A:** Hypnotic.

**Q:** (T) Was he awake or asleep at the time?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (T) No, no. Before the hypnotics, was he awake?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this a pre-hypnotic trigger?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was it hypnosis at a distance?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) How was it conveyed to him?

**A:** Lights, fires, chants.

**Q:** (V) Were you aware of this? (L) How long has it been since you've hung out with that metaphysical church coven} bunch? (TM) I haven't seen any of them since way back when. (L) Way back when, what is that, a couple of years? (TM) Yes (L) Well, then that's still recently... (T) Lights, what and chants? (V) (reading) ‘lights, fires and chants.' (T) OK, thanks.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Was he with them...? (L) Oh, yes, he was...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) This is what we were... (T) I just wanted to make sure that this was not a long-distance thing... that they did it from a distance and... (TM) Yes, that they still didn't have their hooks into me. (L) Good question, is this programming still active?

**A:** Close, though.

**Q:** (L) Close, though to what?

**A:** Almost.

**Q:** (T) ... that this wasn't done from a distance, that he wasn't with them physically, like this, that he was somewhere nearby when they did this... (L) Oh, he was close... (T) He was close to them? (L) Right. (T) But he wasn't...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) OK, then, they weren't responding to what I was saying. (L) So they were doing lights, fires and chants, and he was not there?

**A:** Response was to "Hooks"

**Q:** (L) Are some of the choices he's been making in his life in the last two years the results of this programming?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) I suppose we better let him read the Greenbaum paper; everybody here has read them, right? (M) That's where all the accidents are coming from...? (T to TM) You haven't read the Greenbaum papers yet? (TM) I don't think so! (T) Welllllll..... (V) It's very enlightening, I'll have you know! (T) There's a person who's thrilled about this one!!! (To Laura) Print them out and give them to him. (TM) I want to know; did I get married as a result of this programming?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did I get married as a result of some similar programming?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did M?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Did I?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Did Terry?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Did Frank?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Frank never got married! (T) Well, I was just making sure that everybody felt like they were in on all this! (M) This Greenbaum program, was it due to my father?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (M) Thought so! (L) Remember, TomM's father was military, too! (M) Twenty years! {Referring to her father, a Navy SEAL} (T) While I'm tossing it... (TM) Was it done to my father?

**A:** You were "Greenbaumed." {Directed at Marcie. This turned out to be all too frighteningly true. See the chapter of The Wave entitled "Alligator Alley." That's the story.}

**Q:** (T) Was Jan's friend Margaret Greenbaumed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) She's got all the signs... (L) Was TM Greenbaumed?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) What about Violette?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What about Frank?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Laura?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Terry?

**A:** No

**Q:** (T) Jan?

**A:** No

**Q:** (M) So, I'm the only one here that's been Greenbaumed?

**A:** (TM) So, you got mental programming, but it wasn't Greenbaum? (L) I didn't know that I had mental programming... (TM) They said maybe...

**A:** Laura had more advanced work done on her.

**Q:** (V) That opens up a whole new can of worms. (L) And what do you mean by that?

**A:** Not now.

**Q:** (T) Maybe they want to go on with... (L) No, they've told me before; they're not going to tell me. (M) Were you Greenbaumed? (L) No. Who did this work, can I have that? Can I know that?

**A:** Consortium.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility, to some extent, that I have overcome this influence at the present time?

**A:** No. Was partial, then aborted, leaving fragments of trigger response programs that have been in remission.

**Q:** (L) Why was it aborted?

**A:** Because STO forces intervened.

**Q:** (L) And when was this?

**A:** Mid "fifties."

**Q:** (L) So it was when I was three or four years old. (T) I think we should go back to what we were talking about with TM, because they brought it up. (TM) Am I still receiving instructions from the programming? Am I still receiving programming from them?

**A:** Buried for future triggers.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything he can do to deactivate this programming?

**A:** Would take powerful hypnotic work. Beware of stresses of a most personal nature.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean sexual actions, activities might be triggers or connected to this?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (T) Work related. All different kinds. Anything could trigger it... (L) They said personal, most personal, though... (T) Well, yes, (V) Wouldn't it seem like family... (T) Work and jobs are very personal... (L) No. Most personal is physical, you know, emotional... (TM) Family... (T) Your job is financial, financial security. (L) Well, that's right. (V) Is your family going to cause you stress? (TM) Stress, and I have not been able to hold down a job since then. (V) Do you live with your family? (TM) Not any more! (L) Any further clues for him? (T) What was it that they... what was given to TM? What was he told to do, or what was the mind control about? (L) What were the instructions?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) Is this something TM will be able to discover? Does he have enough information to work on?

**A:** Not by himself.

**Q:** (L) Is his wife and the baby part of the hook?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TM) Is the hook attached to the physical, emotionally, spiritual, or all?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (TM) Is there a physical location where it's attached in all three, in the same place?

**A:** You were particularly vulnerable at the time remember, this particular group has an uncanny ability to get to those who have parental influences with a troubled past. {Phone call interrupted end of transmission, call was from TM's wife, Andrea.}

**Q:** (L) Is she Greenbaumed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TM) Where did she receive Greenbaum programming? (L) Don't even ask that until you've read the Greenbaum papers. (TM) Never mind, disregard. (L) You can get all of that just by reading them. (V) Was she just coerced to make this phone call? (L) She was triggered to. (TM) Oh, I know, her father was in the Navy... (L) Why are we not surprised!!!

**A:** Yes. And V's too, but fortunately in too low level a capacity.

**Q:** (L) Does the Greenbaum influence, or interaction last indefinitely throughout a person's life, if something isn't done to terminate or halt it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Mind programming... Where are we going to go with this, guys? (L) Oh, ok, go. What were the programs? The main programs?

**A:** Must not say.

**Q:** (L) Marcie wants to know how extensive the Greenbauming was in her case. Was it extensive?

**A:** Yes and your husband, too!

**Q:** (M) That's just wonderful! More pleasant things this evening! (V) I've been sitting in your position, where I've gotten a bunch of bad news one night, and I know how you feel! (F) It's not really bad news, though, because it's good to know... (V) It protects you to have the knowledge. But, it's tough to hear. (TM) Well, the next time you're doing something, and you don't know why you're doing it, it seems completely stupid, there's a thought... (L) Ask yourself every time, why am I doing what I'm doing? Is it really me doing it, or am I being... (M) Is there anything to cure it? Can anything be done? Now we know with him, it's hypnosis. (T) It is for everybody, I'm afraid. (L) I'm afraid, yes. Reread the Greenbaum speech.

**A:** Awareness is step number one.

**Q:** (TM) Will this Greenbauming be passed on to my son?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) It's a process; it's not hereditary. (L) I'm going to ask this. Don't get crazy when I ask it. Is this his son?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TM) I'm not sure I understand, now. (L) And, since you, I mean, I had a sense of that ummm... is this an alien manipulated pregnancy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the scoop here in terms of that answer.

**A:** No scoop.

**Q:** (TM) Did she sleep with another man?

**A:** When?

**Q:** (TM) Around the time she became pregnant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TM) How about before we got married?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) I'm not understanding for a second here... (L) If it's not his son, then who's son is it? (V) And, if she wasn't sleeping with someone else around the time she got pregnant, then...

**A:** Not what we meant.

**Q:** (L) What did you mean?

**A:** Son not a programming trigger.

**Q:** (L) ...but when you said it was not his son...

**A:** Son not trigger.

**Q:** (L) That's what you meant, so you didn't... his son was not a programming trigger. (V) So that's his flesh and blood son... (M) Oh that, it is a son. (TM) OK, so it's my flesh and blood son, but not a programming trigger.

**A:** Right.

**Q:** (T) Andrea (TM's wife) is the trigger; one of them. (L) Well, TM finds himself, we all, I mean, jeez! What do we do about these difficult situations that we plant ourselves in the middle of, due to programming? Then we have to extricate ourselves, at great cost and pain? Having done it already myself, I know how much pain...

**A:** No need to extricate, if necessary work is done, in some cases.

**Q:** (L) If two people who are married to each other are Greenbaumed, is it possible that they could be programmed to kill each other?

**A:** Maybe, but not always.

**Q:** (TM) Or any two people who have had the programming?

**A:** The programming is mainly intended to produce erratic behavior, for the purpose of "spooking" the population so that they will welcome, and even demand, a totalitarian government.

**Q:** (L) So, the programming is designed to, in other words, when the people are just being erratic...

**A:** Think of the persons who have inexplicably entered various public and private domains, and shot large numbers of people... Now, you have "met" some of these Greenbaum subjects...

**Q:** (L) Let me say this. If this is what we're saying, well, what I'm saying is, that ... Is this Greenbaum programming something that goes along the line of what I've just described a part; a part, I don't think that's all of it...

**A:** In part.

**Q:** (L) Is there also the implanted triggers to activate at a certain point in future time, to create a mass chaos, in the public domain?

**A:** Better to discover that one on your own.

**Q:** (L) Ok, that's another one that's dangerous to know right now... (V) Was the person I met last week, {Name redacted}, was he Greenbaumed? Has he been Greenbaumed. (L) He was bizarre, wasn't he?

**A:** Now, some history... as you know, the CIA and NSA and other agencies are the children of Nazi Gestapo... the SS, which was experiment influenced by Antareans who were practicing for the eventual reintroduction of the Nephalim on to 3rd and or 4th density earth. And the contact with the "Antareans" was initiated by the Thule Society, which groomed its dupe subject, Adolph Hitler to be the all time mind programmed figurehead. Now, in modern times, you have seen, but so far, on a lesser scale: Oswald, Ruby, Demorenschildt, Sirhan Sirhan, James Earl Ray, Arthur Bremer, Farakahan, Menendez, Bundy, Ramirez, Dahmer, etc...

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular individual who is currently being programmed to take a more prominent position in terms of this...

**A:** Later... you must know that Oswald was programmed to be the "patsy." So that he would say many contradictory things. Demorenschildt was both a programmer and programmed. Ruby was hypnotically programmed to shoot Oswald with an audio prompt, that being the sound of a car horn.

**Q:** (L) The question has been brought up, is there some way or means that one can distinguish or discern a victim of Greenbaum or other mind programming by some clues?

**A:** Not until it is too late.

**Q:** (L) Was SV Greenbaumed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Yes, well, we kind of figured that already... (L) Yes, but I was just checking here... (T) Is JW Greenbaumed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And he carries guns around! Although, I'm not sure he knows how to get the cartridges in! (L) What about MF?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) SH?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Anybody else got any likely suspects? (T) EB?

**A:** Now you have touched on a whole other subject, my friend. At least his wife is blissfully ignorant.

**Q:** (L) What have we stumbled upon with EB? Is he a programmer?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (T) I think I'd prefer not to! (L) Is there anything further you'd like to add to this subject for our edification before we shut down for the night? (V) I'd like to know if any Presidents have been Greenbaumed? (L) Well, we know some probably have!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) How many have we had now? Clinton is number what President? (TM) 42.

**A:** Remember, the "Greenbaum method" is one of many in existence.

**Q:** (L) OK, further... (T) What did it say? (V) You've got people getting hauled out and abducted, I mean... (L) All kinds of stuff going on. (M) Is (Name redacted) set to go off soon? (L) No, they told you, awareness is the first step in undoing it! Focus on that! You're aware! How many people are?

**A:** It is a veritable potpourri.

**Q:** (L) Any further for tonight?

**A:** There's much much much more to discuss about all of this, but if you wish to stop now, that is your choice, and we will continue later. But, it would be helpful if you begin that session on subjects not of a personal nature!

**Q:** (L) Can we plan to pick up on this subject next week?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would to be better if all of those present now, be present for the continuation?

**A:** Sure!

**Q:** (L) Well then, unless there is something else of significant importance to say before we shut down for the night...

**A:** Tom's wife will object strenuously.

**Q:** (L) Anything else?

**A:** Resist.

**Q:** (L) Anything else? For anyone else? No? I'm ready to say goodbye.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

