## September 27, 1996
Frank, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Have you been listening to our conversation about when Ark may arrive?

**A:** You have not asked for ID.

**Q:** (L) Okay, sorry. Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Lanirre.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Do you have any comment on when and if Ark will arrive?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) He is concerned about being able to find a permanent job here. Is this going to be a problem?

**A:** Not if you use your talents, as we told you to!

**Q:** (L) Is there something I am missing that I ought to be doing?

**A:** You "ought" to be exerting more energy toward trawling and communicating and less toward other things.

**Q:** (L) Trawling and communicating with whom?

**A:** Uncovering, researching, job prospects/openings.

**Q:** (L) Via the internet I should go and...

**A:** And written material and "media scanning," and library, etc... We have told you that this communication has reached its maximum extent.

**Q:** (L) So, you are telling us that we have to do some stuff on our own?

**A:** You, Laura, you!!!

**Q:** (L) Can you give me a couple of hints as to what I am looking for?

**A:** You are not thinking.

**Q:** (L) Alright. I will think about it. I am not happy with the fact that I look 44 years old!

**A:** Vague as can be! How about a new do?

**Q:** (L) You mean my hair?

**A:** One.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask about this terrible ordeal we were going through the past day or two. It seemed that there were clues pointing to it being connected to what happened to me when I was 22 as well as to another lifetime. Is it related?

**A:** In a complex cyclical way.

**Q:** (L) What was the story about this kid named Noah who showed up here, and was 22 years old and suicidal...

**A:** Coincidence.

**Q:** (L) What was accomplished, if anything, by going through this?

**A:** Learning.

**Q:** (L) Was it also a process of releasing stored negative energy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Nothing else except learning?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I am wondering if it is possible that his traveling and our communications from and to various places reflects connections to karmic events?

**A:** Do not get carried away.

**Q:** (L) I am just wondering because of all the strange things that are happening.

**A:** Everything is a synchronous event.

**Q:** (L) Did Ark and I have a past life together in Florence?

**A:** Density.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Density.

**Q:** (L) Density what? The question was: did we have a past life as I saw it in Florence?

**A:** Density. Lead you by the hand we do not do.

**Q:** (L) Is there a connection at another density?

**A:** Look.

**Q:** (L) Look what?

**A:** Look, discover.

**Q:** (L) When you say this communication has reached its maximum extent, do you mean it was designed and put together just to bring information, then bring Ark into the picture to benefit by it and do a particular work?

**A:** The communication we mean is the one between you and him.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean we should stop it now? Just break it off?

**A:** You need to spend more time with "Enterprise Florida." Information is readily available at your fingertips. Look 'em up! I.E. Less lovey dovey with Arky warky and more with jobby wobby, get it?!?

**Q:** (L) Very cute, guys! Another thing I have thought about is selling the house to buy another...

**A:** Wrong move!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I dropped it just now! Won't even think about it!

**A:** Think all you want, just don't do! You arrived at this locator for a reason!!!!

**Q:** (L) I am curious about something... Is Ark in a relationship that seems so similar to the one I was in, and is his dragging on all these years for the same reasons mine did?

**A:** Money.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Everything divides.

**Q:** (L) I don't understand.

**A:** He has tried to get free, so far no luck.

**Q:** (L) Well, will he have luck on this? Without causing a lot of suffering?

**A:** If creativity prevails, he will succeed.

**Q:** (L) I am sure that she knows something. Is she aware of how unhappy he is?

**A:** Has been for many years.

**Q:** (L) How can she reconcile making him suffer?

**A:** She craves the association with "authority." One could call it the Jaqueline Kennedy Onassis syndrome.

**Q:** (L) You mean she is just there for what she can wring out of him? That's terrible!

**A:** Do you think a factory worker would do when she has a physicist?

**Q:** (L) Well, that means she has just been using him all these years?

**A:** You said it, we didn't.

**Q:** (L) Oh! That's terrible! Last week you said that something needs to 'hit home' with Ark. Was it what has already happened between us?

**A:** Other. He needs to understand the reality of trans- density, interdimensional, interstellar and planetary attack and contact for both STS and STO! One half of him does not yet believe!

**Q:** (L) Is something going to happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it going to be upsetting to him?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) So, he will be able to handle it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will it happen in Wroclaw, or at his residence?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Is he married to someone who is there to keep him unaware, to monitor, or to drain his energy?

**A:** Yes. All.

**Q:** (L) Is she controlled by aliens?

**A:** Partly, but that is nothing unusual.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is not good, especially if one does not believe. I certainly did not like the experiences that convinced me.

**A:** Worry not. Listen and be open. Good Night.

**Q:** (L) Good Night.

END OF SESSION

