## July 27, 1996
Frank, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Wonikha.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I am worried about my daughter. Is she alright? [She was out later than usual and hadn't called. I was a nervous wreck.]

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will she be home soon?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, I worry about her lately.

**A:** She must experience that which she must experience.

**Q:** (L) That's true for everyone, even children.

**A:** Sort of.

**Q:** (L) I have been going crazy wondering about AJ. Can I please ask some questions?

**A:** You may ask whatever you wish.

**Q:** (L) Well, one day it is one way, and I think I know what is happening, and the next day it is like something grips him and the whole mood changes. Can you tell me what is going on?

**A:** Why?

**Q:** (L) What is it that I said that caused him to be so cool to me?

**A:** Are you learning?

**Q:** (L) Probably. I think I am. But what is in his mind? What have I said or done?

**A:** Not important.

**Q:** (L) What is important here? Is it important at all?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can ask? What is going on with me? I am an emotional wreck... Is the past life connection that I perceive part of this?

**A:** Do you learn when we lead you by the hand? You have all the necessary tools to discover this.

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought YOU were one of those tools! That you are here to help us...

**A:** But not by giving the answers to "Level One" questions.

**Q:** (L) Just one thing I would like to know is, what is the source of this emotional energy that is practically tearing me apart? Is it coming from outside or inside me?

**A:** The one thing we would like to know is: how much transcribing have you been doing?

**Q:** (L) I have been going through the notebooks and reading, I have been sorting things... I am getting ready to start typing...

**A:** The "answers" are there.

**Q:** (L) Well, one thing I came across was a mention almost two years again that something would happen, and one would have instant recognition, but the others may doubt. For me, it was instant recognition. But, recognition, by definition, is to know someone again. So, I think maybe that you were using the term recognition because you were talking about a person and not an event, necessarily.

**A:** And learning helps you in immeasurable ways.

**Q:** (L) One last question, if there is a question that I could ask, to which I could receive a clue, consider it asked... I am baffled!

**A:** Baffled yes, but buffeted, no.

**Q:** (L) So, I am not being buffeted by something outside, I am being baffled from inside.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is AJ taking energy from me in some way? [This was what Frank had suggested.]

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is that all you can give me?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What are his thoughts and intentions toward me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, you have answered this kind of question before! You have told me about so many other people! How come you won't answer me about him?

**A:** It is not appropriate.

**Q:** (L) Why is it not appropriate? I am just trying to understand! I am in such a whirlwind inside... pleeeeeease....

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean good or bad?

**A:** It means what is Anna doing with those keys?

**Q:** (L) What are you talking about? Anna doesn't have any keys!? I am exhausted, and you are being too obscure. Is there some clue as to how to conduct myself. Is he in any danger by talking about coming here?

**A:** No more than usual.

**Q:** (L) He believes that we can do things, that they can be done, that we can have a positive effect [for humanity].

**A:** Then focus on that!

**Q:** (L) Well, how did we get sidetracked on this other thing? Is that a form of attack?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't want to put him in any danger.

**A:** There are ways.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can do with this gravity wave business? He is also very interested in this.

**A:** Then work on that with him!! Review the transcripts and that which has not yet transcribed.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I will start.

**A:** But slowly.

**Q:** (L) Okay, slowly but surely. And I am tired. So, good night and sorry this was such a short visit.

**A:** Short but sweet. Good night.

END OF SESSION

Note: The odd question "what is Anna doing with those keys" made no sense to me at the time but that was because I didn't know that Ark's soon to be ex-wife was named Anna. I thought that the remark was about my daughter of the same name. However, it seems that the following remarks may have relevance since "keys" are what is needed to open locks and it seems to be suggested that Ark was the key or set of keys:

24 Feb 96

**Q:** (L) Well, what can she do to maximize the STO presence and minimize the STS use of the conduit?

**A:** Oh Laura, my dear, seems you need a refresher course in the transcripts. Maybe suggest you read them and relax and privately listen to the ones you have not as of yet transcribed a little more. This would be extremely helpful in your many and increasing communications via the "net" as well. Remember, we help you to unlock answers that have been placed in your superconsciousness files from before the "time" of the birth of your physical body. Also, false information is worse than no information at all.

Note in the above the reference to communications via the net in relation to "unlocking"; I met Ark via my communications on the internet.

24 April 96

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that there IS some other thing that we are involved in, in some other aspects of our selves, that we are not aware of?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that happens in altered states or in sleep states?

**A:** Not happens, happened.

**Q:** (L) Something that happened in the past?

**A:** Laura, you need to consult a powerful, practiced, effective hypnotherapist to unlock these questions for you. …

**Q:** (L) And you are telling us that we have locks on knowledge installed in us, installed by supremely powerful STS consortium. Can we not, in our conscious state, reject this programming, and ask you to inform us of this information?

**A:** Not possible!

**Q:** (L) What is not possible?

**A:** What you just asked.

**Q:** (L) You mean we can't change our minds, or you can't inform us?

**A:** Incorrect analysis.

**Q:** (L) Give me the correct analysis.

**A:** You cannot unlock, and we cannot tell you details of what, or why.

**Q:** (L) Why can you not tell us?

**A:** Free will violation, and endangerment of you if done thusly.

**Q:** (L) Is there some way to do it that does not endanger us?

**A:** We have told you.

**Q:** (L) Is it a danger to us to NOT unlock these things?

**A:** In a sense.

4 May 96

**A:** First, some blockbuster stuff for the Knighted ones... Look upon a detailed map, and reflect, remember lonely journeys from long ago, and begin to unlock shattering mysteries which will lead to revelations opening the door to the greatest learning burst yet!!

15 June 96

**A:** Unstable gravity waves unlock as yet unknown secrets of quantum physics to make the picture crystal clear. …

**Q:** (L) Now, did the fellow who built the Coral Castle spin in his airplane seat while thinking his manipulations into place?

**A:** No. He spun when gravity chose to manipulate him to spin in order to manipulate gravity.

22 June 96

**Q:** (L) Is there any point on the body that CAN be used to assist in opening the gate to the subconscious?

**A:** No such assistance is needed. First, we would like to suggest that you seek a "spin" doctor for your quest!!

**Q:** (L) Would a "spin" doctor be a Sufi master?

**A:** One example.

**Q:** (L) Yes. We are supposed to do several things involved with spinning.

**A:** Hilliard. Leedskallen. Coral Castle.

**Q:** (L) Well, they are really pushing on this gravity thing.

31 August 1996

**Q:** [Frank complains because Laura keeps taking her hand off the planchette and resting it in her lap because of recent pain issues.] (L) Well, I'm in pain, Frank, it's hard for me to sit here at all! Appreciate the fact that I'm in pain.

**A:** Appreciate the fact that you have been given the keys to end all this pain.

**Q:** (L) When you say, 'end all this pain,' it sounds a little more inclusive than just my shoulder hurting! I mean, that sounds rather suggestive.

**A:** Yes.

