## August 3, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan

{On July 5th, 1996, I received my first email from Ark. Considering the number of agents we had experienced in the two years since the Cs had begun communicating, I was being cautious.}

**Q:** (T) I think we ought to take a road trip. (L) Where to? (T) Down to Homestead, the Coral Castle. (L) Yes, I want to do that too. Okay, Hello!

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** What name will we use tonight?

**A:** Jopoye.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Before I give up the floor to everyone else, I would like to know if you have any comment about AJ? My experience here is so strange, and I don't want to be caught in a trap...

**A:** New.

**Q:** (L) New what? What does that mean?

**A:** What it is.

**Q:** (T) New as in "renewed?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Beginning?

**A:** See how one simple word causes you to use your minds?

**Q:** (T) Yes.

**A:** And if we had given you a long and eloquent response, as you desired, you would not have!

**Q:** (L) Any more words on this subject?

**A:** No, thank you!

**Q:** (L) Let me just ask this ONE LITTLE THING... I am trying so hard to restrain myself - like the tortoise - but sometimes I am overwhelmed. Can you advise me on my conduct? It is such a struggle...

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) AJ used some of the material in a lecture today, given in Germany. Were you aware of this?

**A:** Aware, yes.

**Q:** (L) I wonder if he is one of the less than 100 "aware ones" on the planet that you have told us about?

**A:** You have just said too much for us to answer.

**Q:** (L) Because it would violate free will?

**A:** Or because it was "mishmash."

**Q:** (L) Okay. No more questions for me! They aren't going to tell me anything anyway! That is clear!

**A:** Oh yeah?

**Q:** (L) So, what are you going to tell me?

**A:** Discover!

**Q:** (T) Okay, word association. What words will get the answers we are looking for?

**A:** Sensible questions.

**Q:** (L) Well, you ask the questions, T. (T) I am often at a loss as to what to ask. I am never sure whether I am asking dumb questions or smart questions.

**A:** We will let you know.

**Q:** (T) I want to ask a personal question to start with. As you know, we have been proceeding in our campaign against the construction of a cellular tower across the street from us. We are feeling good about it. Shall we continue with what we are doing, in the way we are doing it? I don't know exactly how to ask this so you won't answer "discover, open, up to you, or whatever." (L) All of the above, Terry. You just answered your own question!

**A:** What you are doing is what you must do, or you would not be doing it!

**Q:** (T) Well, we are having fun, and it is helping our neighbors.

**A:** Instincts guide one to lessons.

**Q:** (L) This is kind of an off-the-wall question that just popped into my head. Did we ever ask anything about Hale- Bopp?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is Hale-Bopp going to turn planet Earth into a super- conductor?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Hale-Bopp the herald of the transition into 4th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is Hale-Bopp going to do anything other than pass by with a nice night-time show?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is all the brouhaha over Hale-Bopp a smoke screen?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what is it then?

**A:** Hale-Bopp: Flopp!

**Q:** (T) Oh! The Kahoutek of the nineties! (J) The cosmic OJ Simpson trial! Something to keep us busy...

**A:** Since you have broached the subject: are you familiar with the "twin sun" theory?

**Q:** (L) No. What is it? (T) Referring to our sun and the possibility of Jupiter being a sun in the making?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Okay, what is the twin sun theory?

**A:** Theory that the sun is really a double star.

**Q:** (L) Well, if it is a double star, how come we don't see the other one? Where is the other one and why don't we see it? (T) I don't think I have ever heard of that, have you? (F) It seems vaguely familiar for some reason. (L) Is this factual, correct?

**A:** Wait a moment...

**Q:** (T) They are bringing in their twin sun expert... (L) No doubt! {planchette spins numerous times.}

**A:** Now, where were we?

**Q:** (L) We were talking about the twin sun phenomenon...

**A:** Theory.

**Q:** (T) Which is that sol is one part of a twin system?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this theory correct?

**A:** Not yet, you are "jumping the gun."

**Q:** (T) Okay. You brought this up. You indicated that, yes, our sun is one part of a dual system...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (T) ...and that there is another star, another sun here...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Can we see it? (T) Can we see it at this point in time?

**A:** Can you?

**Q:** (L) No. Not that I am aware of. Is the reason we cannot see it because it is always on the other side of the sun from us? That it orbits in such a way that we can never see it?

**A:** Orbits, yes, assuming it is there, however, we did not confirm that, now did we?

**Q:** (L) No, you didn't, but you DID bring it up! (T) Let's go back to the beginning. Okay, you brought up the twin sun theory and then indicated that our sun is one of two suns in this solar system...

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) The sun that we designate as sol is one member...

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) Is Sol two stars combined?

**A:** No. What is "dark" matter, and what are dark stars?

**Q:** (L) Are dark stars something like black holes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they... (T) I think it would be a star that has collapsed upon itself and the gravitational field of the star no longer allows light to escape.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Okay, that is a black hole.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Dark matter, that I have read about, is what the astronomical community calls all the loose stuff floating around out in the cosmos that must exist because of the equations, but they can't see it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Would dark stars be part of this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So there is dark matter and dark stars?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) The dark matter they cannot see because it is dark.

**A:** Yes. How about "Brown stars?"

**Q:** (T) Okay, Brown stars I have heard of. There is yellow, red, blue, green... Okay, our star burns as a yellow star because of the matter it is composed of - hydrogen, etc.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Other stars burn different colors in the visible spectrum because of the make-up of the star...

**A:** Yes, but not "brown" ones.

**Q:** (T) Brown ones are not brown because of the make-up...

**A:** Okay, you have white, red, yellow, and blue...

**Q:** (L) Do those colors represent temperature?

**A:** Partially, but that is not the point!

**Q:** (L) Is Hale-Bopp a brown star?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) No. Hale-Bopp has nothing to do with this discussion. Hale-Bopp is just another flop. Okay, Brown stars. The colors we see are part temperature and part material... (L) How about the spectral shift which determines direction?

**A:** Yes, but that is not the point!

**Q:** (L) What is the point of a brown star? Black body...

**A:** No, silly! Try the most obviously apparent.

**Q:** (L) Well, is it one that just hasn't started cooking yet?

**A:** Opposite.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it has burned so long it is about to run out of gas?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) It is running out of matter that gives it color?

**A:** Why did we put "brown" in quotes?

**Q:** (L) Because a brown star is assumed to be one that is burning out, but is the opposite?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Because... I don't know.

**A:** How easy is it to see brown against a black background?

**Q:** (T) Not easy at all! That is why they can't see the dark matter...

**A:** That is why scientists dubbed it "brown."

**Q:** (L) How does brown star connect to twin sun theory?

**A:** Guess!

**Q:** (T) Okay. Let's talk about this. For some reason we have to work through this to maintain free will. (L) Is this star small enough that it is orbiting with the planets?

**A:** No, we are leading you to something, if you will be patient.

**Q:** (L) Okay, lead on... we want to know about this. (T) They just asked if we understood what a brown star was.

**A:** Do you?

**Q:** (L) What is the significance of the brown star?

**A:** Dark star.

**Q:** (L) It is a dark star... okay...

**A:** If it is there.

**Q:** (L) Well, will you put me out of my misery and tell me? (T) Wait, a dark star is dark because it doesn't give off light. It is still a star, and acts like a star...

**A:** Yes. And if it has an elliptical orbit... would it, maybe, like, "come and go?"

**Q:** (T) What science, astronomy, has described as double stars, are two stars that are close together with some sort of interactive orbit. But that is not necessarily the only way two stars can exist.

**A:** Close. As you perceive from your vantage point. But how would you like to embark on a bicycle trip between them?

**Q:** (L) So the ones that we are aware of and see can be so far apart that there can be a lot between... (T) So our astronomers have not recognized this possibility?

**A:** Yes they have.

**Q:** (T) They know, but don't talk about it. So, we may have, in this theory, a dark star orbiting...

**A:** And what would happen if you did?

**Q:** (L) Well...

**A:** And it, like, comes and goes?

**Q:** (T) Like every 3600 years?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) And maybe this dark star also has some planets orbiting it?

**A:** Ok, change of direction: Oort cloud and comet cluster and sun twin occasionally passing through the former like a bowling ball through pins.

**Q:** (L) How does the dark star passing through the Oort cloud relate to the comet cluster?

**A:** Cause and effect.

**Q:** (L) So, the comet cluster is caused by the dark star smashing through the Oort cloud? (T) Well, not necessarily smashing, but passing close enough for its gravity to change things... (L) But they said "like a bowling ball through pins." (T) The gravity of that star would cause the comets to be flung in all directions. (J) Is the earth like a pin? A bowling pin? (L) No, that's the Oort Cloud.

**A:** Explain what the Oort Cloud is, Laura.

**Q:** (L) Does everybody know what the Oort Cloud is? (J) I don't. {explanation of Oort cloud.} Okay, so we are looking at something...

**A:** Now, think of how your Biblical prophecies speak of a very terrifying period, followed by an apparent renewal of normalcy, followed by the "End."

**Q:** (T) We learned about a "comet cluster" very early on. Now you are going beyond that and giving us a reason as to why this comet cluster...

**A:** Laura, please clarify exactly what the prophecies say.

**Q:** (L) Well, actually, "The Noah Syndrome" is primarily prophetic exegesis with a little science thrown in to help clarify why such occurrences must be along a "natural" order. [Discussion of primary passages in "Noah."] In the prophecies it is said: "If those days were not shortened, would no flesh be saved. But, for the elects' sake, will those days be shortened." Now, can you tell me what this means?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (T) Where are we? We have a dark star flinging comets like bowling pins...

**A:** Your Biblical prophecies speak of a period of terror and chaos followed by calm, and then, unexpectedly, amidst seeming overwhelming peace and renewal and prosperity, the end.

**Q:** (L) Okay, elucidate, please.

**A:** No, you elucidate, please!

**Q:** (L) Okay, I would say that this "end" is the passing through the "realm border," the "wave."

**A:** Yes, but don't you know of the prophecies we are referencing?

**Q:** (L) Are you talking about the Epistle of Peter where it says the heavens will end with a thunderous crash and the earth will burn up with fire?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Thank God! Are you talking about the book of Daniel where a number is given regarding the time period between the one event and the other?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I know where to go to find it and study it. So, we are talking about the number 6.3, as in years?

**A:** Yes, but that is not correct.

**Q:** (T) The number of years is not correct. (L) Okay, is it possible, since you have brought this up on other occasions, through technology, to either skip this event by creating a means of travel to the next realm, or to create a parallel universe...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well one thing we can establish...

**A:** What would happen if the brown star that is the sun's twin were to get close enough to be illuminated by the sun?

**Q:** (T) Well, if it were close enough to be illuminated, the obvious result is that it would be SEEN. People would panic...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Governments would fall...

**A:** And terror and chaos. And when it departs again?

**Q:** (L) Everything will seem to be fine! But, they won't realize that the Oort cloud has been hit! Oh, sugar!

**A:** And then what?

**Q:** (L) It is not the Oort cloud or the comets that is going to cause all this terror and carrying on, it is going to be the seeing of the illuminated brown star, which will go away, and then no one will see what is coming! And this IS talked about in both the Bible and Nostradamus - but it was incomprehensible before! Okay, how long will it take the comets to get from the Oort cloud to here?

**A:** Let us just say that the cluster travels much faster than the usual cometary itinerary.

**Q:** (T) And this is because they are traveling in the wake of a large sun sized gravity well...

**A:** And we have spoken of the comet cluster before, and we have told you that this time, it rides the Wave.

**Q:** (L) Is the wave the energy from this brown star?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The Wave is the Wave. (T) So, the dark star is going to come through the Oort cloud, and it doesn't have to get too close. Any star that gets that close is TOO close. Its gravity will propel these comets in our direction. And, on top of that, they are being propelled by the Wave from behind, so they are being both pulled and pushed.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they being "kicked" and then they get on the wave that is already on the move?

**A:** Yes. This time. You have had the comet cluster before in antiquity, but the wave was last here aeons ago.

**Q:** (L) Is this wave a gravity wave?

**A:** Interrelated.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now... (T) Well, the wave is a form of energy. (L) Yes, they once told us that it was "hyper-kinetic sensate."

**A:** Realm border, this is your quantum factor, Laura, so plug it into "Noah" accordingly, and check out the results.

**Q:** (L) Does this brown or dark star have planetary bodies of its own, other than sharing planets with Sol?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Okay. No correlation to Sitchin and his "planet Nibiru." (L) If the wave is the quantum factor for the transition of the Solar System, what is the factor for the transition of an atom?

**A:** Electrons emit what?

**Q:** (L) Photons... (T) An electrical charge of some kind. (L) I thought that an electron didn't have any parts... that it is an elementary particle...

**A:** Right...

**Q:** (L) What the heck does an electron emit? (T) An EM field?

**A:** What did we say about gravity? What did we say?!?

**Q:** (T) What was it? (L) That gravity collects... (T) What you were reading earlier...

**A:** Read it.

**Q:** [Reads segment from previous session about gravity.] (L) Is gravity emitted by an electron?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What...

**A:** Electromagnetically.

**Q:** (L) What is it that causes a quantum transition? A collecting and dispersing of gravity. What is it about an atom that causes it to collect or disperse?

**A:** How does the electron fit into the equation of the "atom?"

**Q:** (L) Well, it orbits the nucleus... (T) Planets orbit the Sun. (L) The energy that an electron collects, or any other part of an atom collects, that causes a quantum transition, comes to it from outside of it? A wave?

**A:** How many electrons orbit the nucleus?

**Q:** (L) It depends on the atom. The number of electrons determine what an atom is an atom of... the number of particles it has orbiting...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And they orbit in specific shells...

**A:** Yes... And how does the sun relate to this macro- dynamically?

**Q:** (L) Okay, something from the nucleus of the atom acts upon the electrons to cause a transition?

**A:** How many electrons orbit the nucleus?

**Q:** (L) Of the sun? Are you asking how many electrons orbit the nucleus of the Sun? Different atoms have different numbers...

**A:** Of any atom?

**Q:** (L) Okay, it varies.

**A:** From what to what?

**Q:** (L) From one to somewhere in the nineties or hundreds...

**A:** And what determines the number?

**Q:** (L) Well, that is a damn good question! (T) What makes one atom helium and one atom oxygen? How do they know how to become what they are?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Well, what determines the number?

**A:** Is it the composition of the nucleus?

**Q:** (L) Yeah. That's right. We forgot. What causes or determines the number of protons or whatever in the nucleus?

**A:** What composition would cause the orbiting of one electron?

**Q:** (L) One proton?

**A:** Now, think macro-dynamically.

**Q:** (L) Well, you once said that the sun is a window, or transition point to another density. Are you saying that the nucleus of an atom is also a window?

**A:** What we are saying is the sun is a proton and its twin is an electron!

**Q:** (L) Well, I am still trying to get at... the wave causes transitions in the macro-cosmic atom, what causes the microcosmic atom... what causes a quantum jump? What accumulates in an atom that causes it to transition? (T) Is it a case of accumulation, or something being given off?

**A:** Completion of Grand Cycle.

**Q:** (J) It just is. (L) No, no...

**A:** And who says that the Sun's twin appears every 3600 years?

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have the 3600 year comet cluster cycle, the Sun twin is another cycle altogether, and then we have the wave, which is a Grand Cycle. So, we have three things causing a transition in nature?

**A:** Like "biorhythms."

**Q:** (T) And we have a triple bad day coming up! Or a good day, depending on which way you look at it.

**A:** Bad day if you are John D. Rockefeller, good day if you are Mahatma Gandhi.

**Q:** (L) So, does something like a three cycle event also occur in sub-atomic transitions, like the biorhythm?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, there are three factors to be considered... or more than three?

**A:** Either, or.

**Q:** (L) Can it be a random, arbitrary number of events?

**A:** If you wish.

**Q:** (L) Is it partly the observer that adds one of the factors? Consciousness?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, we see three separate cycles coming together here...

**A:** Everything reflects macrodynamically and microdynamically. We suggest you absorb for now; and, fear not! For it is not imminent!

Good Night.

END OF SESSION

