## December 8, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan, Alice

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Honnorra.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We've been discussing the crop circles, and would like to know if you have any input on that subject? Input on what we've discussed, what we think to this point, and just basically any info?

**A:** Must begin with specific questions.

**Q:** (L) Ok, do the multiple perimeters represent multiple densities?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) Are the crop circles themselves like antennae, or like homing devices for energy or thought patterns?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the chronology of their appearance important?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Is their location on the planet, in terms of longitude and latitude, significant?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) In what way yes?

**A:** Location, not latitude and longitude... Those are merely measure markers.

**Q:** (L) If the location is significant, what is it about the location that is significant?

**A:** Magnetic generators of bonding frequency.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that magnetic generators of bonding frequency are located at those places, are in those places?

**A:** Port through them.

**Q:** (L) OK, location and chronology...

**A:** Why have you not brought up Stonehenge?

**Q:** (L) Well, we talked about Stonehenge before, that it was an energy transducer, so to speak. So, was Stonehenge put there because of the location, or did Stonehenge create... (T) Why don't you just ask what it is about Stonehenge? (L) Okay, what is it about Stonehenge?

**A:** Location attracted those spirit types on the proper frequency, who in turn, placed stones in proper location to receive the coded communications in code telepathically, in order not to have to chase around the countryside reading encoded pictographs.

**Q:** (L) What was the technique used within the circle to receive the information telepathically? [Planchette spiralled in, and spiralled out.]

**A:** Transcendent focused thought wave separation.

**Q:** (L) OK, so that you're saying that moving in a spiral...

**A:** The spiral serves to translate message by slowing down the wave and focusing thought wave transference energy. Utilizes /transduces electromagnetic waves, the conduit, by breaking down signal from universal language of intent into language of phonetic profile. This is for multiple user necessity.

**Q:** (L) Multiple user necessity implies that a number of people must do the spiral. Is that correct?

**A:** No. Must hear and feel and understand precisely the same thing. The molecular structure of the rock, when properly sculpted sing to you.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility that Stonehenge still has any capacity along this line?

**A:** Has fragmented energy only.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's what I would imagine. (T) Question. Last week you mentioned that the majority of the crop circles are real, that very few are hoaxes. Am I to believe then, that the method that is used to create the circles that everybody's looking for, that there are multiple methods being used, depending on who or what is available at the time the circle is created? In other words, Doug and Dave may have actually made legitimate crop circles, only they don't know it, because they think they went out and made it their way.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) I just wondered if there's multiple things going on here. (L) No, I think it's all... (J) So, is there only one method for a true crop circle?

**A:** Reading instead of listening... decipher rather individually than than comprehend universally... crop circles rather than Stonehenge!!!

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that this is the method to pursue now, since of course Stonehenge is not available?

**A:** How are you gonna pursue. Who is gonna believe you?

**Q:** (L) Is that it? In other words, how are we gonna...

**A:** Ok, folks, let's try to picture Laura and Ark trying to drag 500 ton rocks around New Port Richey?!?

**Q:** (T) Maybe they'll drag themselves!

**A:** No, for that, you must "hit" the right key!

**Q:** (L) Sound. Actually, what I had in mind was just going to England and checking out Stonehenge itself. (T) You can't get near it now unless you've gotten an okay from the government; they've got it all fenced off. (Frank) Why did they do that? (T) Because too many people were going there, like most of the other 'ancient wonders.' They can't let people near them any more, because it's destroying them. (L) They carve their names, and... (T) Well, not just that, the fact that people touch them, the moisture from their skin and like that, it's deteriorating them really bad. All the traffic around it was shaking the ground, they're falling apart faster than the Pyramids are falling apart. (L) I want to switch gears here for a few minutes...

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I have to digest it at a certain level, you get to a certain point, and you get an overload. And then I'll be able to come back and ask more about it. One thing that is pressing on my mind, and I really want to get it out of the way, and we'll see what we come to after we have a little break.

[Remainder of session redacted, questions relating to personal legal matters.]

END OF SESSION

