## May 27, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight.

**A:** Soroca.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We would like to ask some more questions about the architectural project mentioned the other night. [^Swimming pool, session 25 May 1996] We were given the height and distance apart of the three column structure, would it be okay to build this on the perimeter of the existing pool?

**A:** No. You must wait until you have the financial resources to construct an inground pool. The spiral must be below ground level by at least 1 meter, must be constructed of blue, gold ceramic tile perfectly cut and even. Columns cannot be purchased as prefabricated. Must be constructed onsite. Cap should be 18 centimeters in height, 2 meters in length, same dimensions for cap and base.

**Q:** (L) Can or should we do this with our own hands?

**A:** Hire a contractor... you are not adequately skilled.

**Q:** (L) How many grooves in each column?

**A:** Diameter of columns should be 10 to 14 centimeters, width of fluting should be 2 centimeters. Use illustrations of authentic ionic columns as a guide.

**Q:** (L) The counter-clockwise spiral of tile, how many turns?

**A:** Turns not important. Width should be 1.6 meters.

**Q:** (L) Blue tile with gold border?

**A:** Mixed blue and gold.

**Q:** (L) Blue with specks of gold?

**A:** Close. Translucent.

**Q:** (L) Is azure an appropriate blue?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Should anything be incorporated into the cement mix to pour the columns?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Should the columns be hollow and used for flowing water?

**A:** No. Place fountain or hydrable pond in front of columns.

**Q:** (L) Pool shape: square on one end then rounded at one end. Rectangular with a curved end. [planchette is drawing shape of pool] (Curved end to follow guide of columns at end).

**A:** The fountain should be in between and the spiral in the middle of the pool.

**Q:** (L) Are you having fun designing a 3rd density pool?

**A:** 6th density is always "fun!"

**Q:** (L) What about the turns on the spirals at the top of the columns?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Is this pool meant to be built here, on this property?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) Well... (S) Had you planned on moving? (L) Well, I hadn't planned on it, but that is a strange answer. I guess I will do whatever presents itself as the right thing to do. (S) Well, you have to get the money first...

**A:** SV, invest now!

**Q:** (S) What should I invest in?

**A:** Market.

**Q:** (S) Penny stocks? Should I sell my gold?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (S) I could get advances on my credit cards... What kinds of stocks?

**A:** All the reference materials you need are at your disposal. Magazines, newsletters, "papers," etc.

**Q:** (S) I am getting an investment magazine, but I haven't really been reading it because of everything else...

**A:** Is "everything else" earning you money?

**Q:** (L) Okay guys, you gave advice before that SV did not follow, can you be more specific now that her situation is changed?

**A:** If we did that, she would balk.

**Q:** (S) I would not balk!

**A:** Yes you would!

**Q:** (S) In order to go to Argus tomorrow...

**A:** We did not say to go to Argus tomorrow. "Now" means without unreasonable delay. The reference materials as well as networking will provide you with all the answers you need. [This was delivered VERY fast and strong!] Use your mind to find low priced stocks in the areas of conservation, environmental protection and medical, telecommunication and computer technology... Also, information processing, such as software development, etc...Precious metals and related is a good area too.

**Q:** (S) Well, I was brought up to not borrow money and to keep all the bills paid first... then if there is anything left over....

**A:** SV, for heaven's sake, why limit yourself? When you exercise your credit lines and use the capital borrowed, as long as you have a steady income, the worst that can happen is you store your money. The best that can happen is that you become wealthy... So, why sell yourself short?!?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that she should extend her credit, use the borrowed capital to invest, and that she will make money?

**A:** Yes. Now: All three of you are uniquely oriented toward generating unearned income at a meteoric level.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that requires an interaction between the three of us, or is it individual?

**A:** Are three gold bars worth more than one? Laura! Turn over stones, sell apples, do whatever you have to do to get your computer refitted to accommodate the internet, including the online market system, as soon as absolutely possible!!!!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, I am not really in a position to spend that money right now! And what do you mean to 'turn over stones and sell apples?'

**A:** Figures of speech! Do what you have to do... take care of the mechanics, my Dear, the rest will fall into place...

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know how we got off onto this thing about making money... what is all of this making of money supposed to do for us? (S) Build the pool...

**A:** And other...

**Q:** (L) Now, back to some of my other questions: I want to know why Frank used to pound the ground with a stick when he was a child, a habit that caused his parents to think he needed to see a psychiatrist...

**A:** Channel.

**Q:** (L) But it was such an odd way to go about it. What did this particular activity did to create or alter or modify a channel - or... (S) Maybe he was "grooving" himself?

**A:** All of the above... Did you not study hypnotic states?

**Q:** (L) But he described it as such a random rhythm... the changing... the running about to pound the ground here and there...

**A:** It was not random.

**Q:** (L) Was there something on another density that this activity represented?

**A:** No, it just opened the channel.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What is going on with Pat Z... I am just completely baffled by this behavior...

**A:** She thinks you are "out to lunch."

**Q:** (L) Well... why?

**A:** Her conditioning.

**Q:** (L) Well, she seems to be going down the tubes fast...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And there is nothing I can do about it... I feel sorry for her.

**A:** She hoped that you would be a money maker for her, and so, she put up with your "eccentricities...."

**Q:** (L) Well, I sort of figured that out finally.

**A:** Beware! Tom French has a similar thought pattern!

**Q:** (L) I have been thinking that I ought to write to Tom and ask him to just write me OUT of the whole project...

**A:** Suggest you not waste "time" on your suggestion, and make certain it includes all others.

**Q:** (L) What suggestion? Suggest that I not waste time in contacting TF?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Then I will just e-mail him...

**A:** And.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by "include all others?"

**A:** Who else has Tom French met through you?

**Q:** (L) Well.... okay. (F) Why were you thinking about that? (L) Well, I don't know... I went to a psychiatrist recently for stress [following break-up of marriage]... and I am wondering if going again is going to help me deal with all the things going on right now...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Okay, SV's sister and niece are coming, and I have the feeling that this is going to be a serious disruption?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (S) Is there anything I can do to minimize it?

**A:** Take control, after all, it is your house!

**Q:** (S) I know that...

**A:** But you don't do it!!! Okay, folks, Good Night!

END OF SESSION

