## June 9, 1996
Frank, Laura

The first part of this session was extremely unpleasant and I think that was due to the nature of the questions sent in by others. There was also a certain feeling of impatience with ignorance that I felt was emanating from Frank.

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ehou.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I have several questions that have been submitted by other people...

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (L) The first one is from Phillip P., for whom we have asked a couple of questions in the past. He wrote and called to tell me that his sister had hand prints, bruises, and the description was very similar to the ones I saw on Scarlett H\_\_'s legs. Also, the sister had 3 little puncture marks in a triangular pattern on her ankle. He would like to know what happened to her.

**A:** What does Phillip think?

**Q:** (L) Well, he just wanted to have a brief run-down on this. He thinks she was abducted, and I tend to agree.

**A:** The point here is that learning involves reaching the stage where confirmation by a third party is no longer needed, once one has adequate knowledge.

**Q:** (L) I know that. But, Phillip just wanted to know that he could ask a question and get an answer specifically for him. I guess he just wanted to think that somebody out there in the cosmos cares about Phillip P. and his sister.

**A:** Nobody does.

**Q:** (L) Nobody cares about Phillip and his sister?

**A:** Nobody "cares" about individual units of the universal consciousness.

**Q:** (L) We realize that, but we, as units in bodies of flesh...

**A:** One must get past the idea that there is some sort of "cheerleading squad" attached to individual consciousness units if one is to progress... it just doesn't work that way!

**Q:** (L) Well, does this mean to just forget the rest of the questions?

**A:** No. All questions have great value if the answers are comprehended.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything you CAN tell Phillip for his sister? What are the three puncture marks on her ankle?

**A:** You know this.

**Q:** (L) Was this a sampling device, or an implanting device, an energy drain, or a monitor?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Since this also happened with Scarlett, the three fingered hand prints on the backs of the calves - what kind of beings leave these marks?

**A:** We are regressing.

**Q:** (L) I just wanted to ask a question for the guy, get something, and go on to more interesting subjects, for God's sake! I don't think this is worth the amount of time and energy that it is taking. I don't even think it will be useful to the guy. I just want an answer for the guy!

**A:** And you have one!

**Q:** (L) Phillip has another question for this David, who would like to know what happened to them in January, 1991, outside of Athens, Ohio; and who was "Tim?" They saw a UFO speed past them and stop behind a hill and they have never seen Tim since.

**A:** Very vague and directionless as presented.

**Q:** (L) That is all I have on that, so let's move on. Who was Tim?

**A:** Pick up.

**Q:** (L) They saw a UFO speed down towards them and then stop behind a hill. What do you mean by pick up?

**A:** Someone who was.

**Q:** (L) Picked up as in picked up by the UFO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Picked up as in sexual or a hitchhiker?

**A:** The latter.

**Q:** (L) Did Tim have any connection to the UFO?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (L) What is the yes part?

**A:** Everyone has some connection to UFOs.

**Q:** (L) What is the no, that he had no connection to this one in specific?

**A:** In the sense that your inquiry suggests.

**Q:** (L) Was there an abduction that took place when they saw this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did any unusual event occur in connection to this UFO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was what they saw a UFO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, that settles that. Bob Tietz, publisher of Bill Baldwin's book, writes and asks: what can the C's tell me about Dr. Mahlon Loomis. Have the C's been in contact with him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Alright. If the C's are not in contact, do you know who is?

**A:** These questions are difficult to deal with because the questioner is making assumptions.

**Q:** (L) Is the assumption that there is anything or anyone at higher levels in contact with this Dr. Mahlon Loomis?

**A:** Yes. And there are no such.

**Q:** (L) Is Dr. Loomis putting him on?

**A:** No, he is "out to lunch."

Laura's note: At the time, I had no clue who Mahlon Loomis was. Here are a few assembled snips from the Wikipedia Bio:

Mahlon Loomis (21 July 1826 - 13 October 1886) was a dentist, the inventor of artificial teeth (patent #10,847 May 2, 1854), and the earliest inventor of wireless communication (patent #129,971 July 30, 1872). He claimed to have transmitted signals in October 1866 between two Blue Ridge Mountain-tops 14 miles apart in Virginia, using kites as antennas, but without having identified the names of independent witnesses. Loomis was actively promoting his idea of using atmospheric electricity for telegraph communication. Loomis noted that transmission was possible only when the kites were flown to the same altitude above ground, which seemed to confirm his hypothesis that he was completing a DC circuit through layers of the atmosphere that he hypothesized carried such currents.

**Q:** (L) Okay! Next question: Do the C's know the whereabouts of one Jessica Goode?

**A:** Yes, deceased.

[I have no clue who this Jessica Goode was/is.]

**Q:** (L) You just said that Dr. Loomis is out to lunch, can you explain the process whereby he is given data?

**A:** This happens to those who fall prey to lower level contacts, believing them to be otherwise.

Laura's note: Obviously, the Cs were out to lunch on this one!

**Q:** (L) Bob asks: Do the C's know of an entity claiming to be a Sirian named Anitra?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If so, what can they tell me about the information that Anitra, or any Sirian, is communicating?

**A:** Hocus pocus.

**Q:** (L) Tell us about the Sirians?

**A:** There aren't any.

**Q:** (L) Why are all these people coming along and claiming to be Sirians?

**A:** Why are all these people coming along claiming to be Jesus?

The above exchange is pretty reasonable.

**Q:** (L) Do you know an Andalusian named Lucatron?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who is this Andalusian, and what can you tell him about the information coming from this source?

**A:** This "Andalusian" is delusional.

**Q:** (L) Can you express an opinion about Swedish genes, and any specific properties of these genes?

**A:** Yes. They tend to produce blonds with the greatest of proficiency.

**Q:** (L) Are there any specific properties to those genes that are of specific interest to aliens or extraterrestrials?

**A:** Only that which we have already told you, that this was the last "race" to be seeded on earth in 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Okay. D4 is apparently still mucking about in the mire a bit. His questions were: 1) I had a very serious chat with God, in which I asked the following questions. First, who is this Melchizidek fellow and why is Jesus said to be a priest after the order of Melchizidek? Who was this Melchizidek who was said to have received tithes from Abraham?

**A:** False prophet.

**Q:** (L) Why is Jesus described as being a priest after the order of Melchizidek?

**A:** We told you that 70 per cent of the Bible is false.

**Q:** (L) Well, 70 per cent would equal an amount that could consist of the entire old testament.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did Abraham pay tithes to Melchizidek?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did a Melchizidek live at the time of the patriarch Abraham?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It was said that he was the priest king of Salem, which became Jerusalem, and that he had neither father nor mother, and that he came into being by his own will. Are any of these parts of the story correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) D4's next question: what did Paul say during his out of body experience, and why were these things not 'lawful for a man to speak?'

**A:** Jesus said: "Give to Caesar that which is Caesars."

**Q:** (L) How does that apply to this question?

**A:** Ponder for learning.

Laura's note: This last exchange above takes on an all-new meaning in light of the recent (2013) discoveries that point to Julius Caesar having been the real "Jesus".

**Q:** (L) D4 asks: what did the seven peals of thunder say and why was John commanded to seal up the things which the 7 peals of thunder have spoken? Well, he would know a lot about these things if he would read "Noah."

**A:** This is an exercise in futility!

**Q:** (L) What, asking these questions, or dealing with these people?

**A:** There is much hope for D4, but he must discover it for himself.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Let's toss that. My question is: is the information we are receiving similar to what Al-Arabi calls an 'opening?'

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You say that you are unified thought forms in the realm of knowledge.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Al-Arabi describes unified thought forms as being the 'names of God.' His explication seems to be so identical to things you tell us that I wonder...

**A:** We are all the names of God. Remember, this is a conduit. This means that both termination/origination points are of equal value, importance.

**Q:** (L) So, it is a blending of the aspects of God?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Does this mean that we are a part of this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, it has to do with...

**A:** Don't deify us. And, be sure all others with which you communicate understand this too!

**Q:** (L) What quality in us, what thing, enabled us to make contact. Because, obviously a lot of people try and get garbage.

**A:** You asked.

**Q:** (L) A lot of people ask!

**A:** No they don't, they command.

**Q:** (L) Well, a lot of people do ask or beg or plead, but they get all discombobulated with the answers.

**A:** No, they command. Think about it. You did not beg or plead... that is commanding. After J.W. left, purification began.

**Q:** (L) This recent 'awakening' or period of seeing things with such clarity, as they really were, and the whole picture of the interactions between people and how truly ugly it can be. I plunged into a terrible depression. I needed to get my balance from seeing so much all at once. Can you explain to me what was going on?

**A:** Growth.

**Q:** (L) I tried to share this perception with other people, and almost without exception, when I said to people that I was finally seeing things in their true state and it was NOT a pretty picture, they all said "well, you are obviously seeing this through the eyes of some major spirit possession!" Why would they say this?

**A:** First of all, it is not correct to perceive "everything in such darkness and gloom, etc." That is merely the result of a cocoon of falsehood being removed. Celebrate the balance. Don't mourn the death of an illusion of an imbalance.

**Q:** (L) Where do I go from here? Where do we all go?

**A:** Everywhere.

**Q:** (L) We were talking earlier about sleeping and dreaming. It seems to me that sleeping cannot be an evolutionary benefit, because sleeping would not evolve as something beneficial, because when you are asleep, you are completely vulnerable to any munching monster that passes by. Therefore, it is not conducive to evolution to sleep. And, I think there is some other reason for this thing we call sleeping. Obviously it is not to rest the brain, because the brain is as active asleep as when awake. And the bodily functions...

**A:** Bodies may get munched; souls don't, however!

**Q:** (L) Okay, yes, but still it makes me think that there is something to this sleeping business that does not meet the eye in strictly physical terms. Nobody seems to know why we sleep. You made a remark once that dreams were a prime opportunity for the implanting of negative information and suggestions. This makes me think that we are even more vulnerable during sleep than previously thought. Are we induced to slepp genetically for the purpose of control by other density beings? Could you comment?

**A:** Ask specifics.

**Q:** (L) Is it essential, in an evolutionary sense, for the human body to sleep?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why is it that carnivores need more sleep than herbivores, and on down?

**A:** Physicality, my dear, physicality.

**Q:** (L) What is it about physicality that necessitates sleep? What are we doing while we are sleeping?

**A:** Body recharge.

**Q:** (L) Where is the body being recharged from or what is it being recharged by?

**A:** Rest.

**Q:** (L) What is the soul doing while the body is sleeping?

**A:** Same, it taxes the soul greatly to be embodied.

**Q:** (L) Is this why, when people suffer sleep deprivation, they go psychotic?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why are the results of sleep deprivation, psychosis, delirium tremens, and psychedelic drugs and some mystical states so similar in their expressions and manifestations? What is being seen?

**A:** Openings.

**Q:** (L) Well, if doing without sleep provides an opening, what is it an opening to?

**A:** Density levels 4 and up.

**Q:** (L) It would seem to me - well, why is this not good?

**A:** Who said it wasn't?

**Q:** (L) Well, apparently a lot of people who have psychotic episodes, literally go out of their minds. They can no longer function in this world. They LOCK them up!

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Why does melatonin induce these openings?

**A:** Gentle hallucinogen.

**Q:** (L) SV's mother took it and got all discombobulated with it!

**A:** Perception is key. If you really "dig" 3rd density, it makes you uncomfortable to see into the higher densities.

**Q:** (L) Can one use something like this and grow accustomed to the higher densities?

**A:** Ask Timothy Leary.

**Q:** (S) It's too late now! He's in 5 D! (L) Ask him for us.

**A:** We did, and he liked it a lot!

**Q:** (L) Did all of his use of hallucinogenics make it easier for him to transition?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where is he now?

**A:** 5th density.

**Q:** (L) Moving along... recently I read "On the Trail of the Assassins," by Jim Garrison, the New Orleans attorney. This is the book about his investigation into the Kennedy assassination. I know that we asked one or two questions about this earlier, but I think that now, with expanded perspective, we could ask a few more. Was the purported Cuban agenda what was really behind the assassination of JFK?

**A:** Not in its entirety.

**Q:** (L) Was there, in fact, any connection between this murder and JFK planning to reveal the government's knowledge of alien interaction?

**A:** Maybe, or that was feared, based upon a sophisticated psychological profiling system.

**Q:** (L) One thing that we noticed was that Lee Oswald was 'sheep dipped' in many areas around the country, well before the election of Kennedy. Why would this be the case?

**A:** Consortium.

**Q:** (L) What was the intention in using Oswald in this way? Was it just to have a handy person around, or did they already know, in advance, that Kennedy would be elected and that they would assassinate him?

**A:** Time alteration.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean time alteration in the sense that these events did NOT actually occur at the noted times, or that they were able to go back in time and do this to put more confusion into the picture?

**A:** Latter, see Montauk.

**Q:** (L) Obviously the consortium was operating through the FBI, the CIA, the Mafia, and God knows who else, but, can you tell us who fired the shot that caused JFK's death?

**A:** No, because it would put you in grave danger.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of Montauk, Roxanne quoted at length some information received from some Native American about Montauk being used to change the weather on the planet, and also sending out energy waves to generate anger and other negative emotions. Is this one of the used for the HAARP assembly?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Once before you said that the HAARP assembly was a continuation of the Montauk project, and was being used to 'transfer perimeters.' I guess this meant space/time travel, correct?

**A:** Yes. And resurrect Atlantean crystal principle.

**Q:** (L) Do they plan to actually attempt to bring up the Atlantean crystals?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do they plan to use this for mind control?

**A:** And other uses.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a few of these uses?

**A:** Technical.

**Q:** (L) Is the HAARP assembly in operation now?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there an estimated date of its activation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything you can tell us about when and if it will go into operation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything further you can tell us about this HAARP project?

**A:** Time to read Bielek.

**Q:** (L) But didn't you tell us that Bielek was a disinformation artist?

**A:** Yes, but can you weed?

**Q:** (L) Now, Admiral Boorda recently committed suicide...

**A:** Time to read Oeschler.

**Q:** (L) Did Admiral Boorda really commit suicide?

**A:** Yes. Culmination, as is usually the case.

**Q:** (L) A culmination of other things?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did any of this have to do with human/alien interactions?

**A:** No. He was not aware of any of that.

**Q:** (L) What about Vince Foster? Did he commit suicide?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) For the reasons proposed?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) What was the main reason?

**A:** Depression.

**Q:** (L) Back to Kennedy, people say that Marilyn Monroe committed suicide, some say she was murdered. Was she murdered?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was she murdered by the Kennedy's or someone else?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Was it because she was going to reveal things?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what?

**A:** Any and all, but it does not matter, because the "bottom line" was that she knew too much.

**Q:** (L) Next, Aliester Crowley, who claimed to be the most evil man on the planet: was he capable of doing the things he claimed in his magical operations?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was he used by other people?

**A:** Yes, and for now, good night!

END OF SESSION

