## February 21, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us?

**A:** Yona.

**Q:** (L) Where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) SV has some issues tonight, and I guess that the first one is that she is concerned about flying to Gulf Breeze. She wants to know: Is the plane we are taking safe?

**A:** Why would you expect otherwise?

**Q:** (S) Well, the Lizzies could come along and blow the plane out of the air!

**A:** "Lizzies" could come along and blow up your cars.

**Q:** (L) Do we have any protection from them?

**A:** Knowledge/awareness acts as a shield, as we have told you.

**Q:** (L) Well, speaking of that, SV had questions about investment back in December and you described a strategy...

**A:** One possible course of action, but not exclusive in nature.

**Q:** (L) A couple of weeks ago you said "advice was given" that SV didn't follow. You then said that when she calls on you for advice, that it was up to her as to whether she chose to trust and follow the advice. Then you said that if her "deep seated stubbornness" prevented this, it would result in her "total undoing." She wants to know what advice you gave that she did not follow?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) She thought she was handling it.

**A:** You left portals "unwatched."

**Q:** (S) What portals were these?

**A:** Emotions in motion.

**Q:** (S) Relating to what?

**A:** Ask yourself.

**Q:** (L) Well, my thought is that it has to do with her mother.

**A:** What specifically?

**Q:** (L) Well, her mother and her emotions relating to her mother?

**A:** Interconnected.

**Q:** (S) I have been concerned.

**A:** What about potential for discourse?

**Q:** (S) What do you mean, discourse? (L) Discourse or discord?

**A:** Either/or.

**Q:** (L) We knew there was potential for discord. (S) Yes, we talked about it.

**A:** And what did you, Susan, do to prevent discord? Does talking about it amongst yourselves solve it?

**Q:** (L) What did Susan not do?

**A:** Ask Susan!!

**Q:** (S) I talked with them...

**A:** Talking about weeds does not solve a bug problem, does it?!

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Think! Avoidance does not solve!

**Q:** (L) Did you ever say to them that you would put them back in the home if they did not cooperate? (S) No, I never said that. (L) So, you just talked about the weeds, and did not address the bugs. And, your mom and Dick are so devious and manipulative that you really have to tell them in a firm way about the consequences of their behavior and what you WILL do if it continues. And, you have to make it stick. You are just simply avoiding the whole issue. (S) Well, I am going to take them to my house on Saturday and ask them how they feel... (F) That's not going to solve the problem. Of course they are going to lie to you about everything and continue exactly as they are doing. (L) SV, that is not dealing with YOUR issues with your mother. Her control over you. You need to break that!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that what SV has not done?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** What else?

**A:** Discuss for learning purposes!

**Q:** (L) I have been getting the strong feeling that SV should not be taking any more risks with her finances. SV paid off all her debts with her capital instead of investing it to make more money. Was that a good idea?

**A:** What is a "good idea?"

**Q:** (L) Well, she no longer has any investment capital, and if anything happens to her mother... (S) I only have about 8K left, but I believe that I should just do the best with what I have... maybe I won't have tons of money coming in, but a little here and a little there...

**A:** Okay, here comes one last financial suggestion: take one half of your remaining capital and buy gold.

**Q:** (S) Gold or gold options?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that now the whole deal has changed?

**A:** Well of course, the situation has changed due to change in circumstances brought about by SV's choices.

**Q:** (L) Would it be advisable for her to get the cash out of her credit line for investment?

**A:** We advised on this. It is up to her.

**Q:** (L) And, there is another thing: she is always stressed because of the place she works. (S) Well, I can't take the time to go to every single chiropractor for stuff like that...

**A:** Take time and go to one single computer terminal! And you can't presume "stuff like that!"

**Q:** (S) I want to know what you mean about 'deep-seated stubbornness?

**A:** We mean what we said, self-explanatory.

**Q:** (S) I think everybody is stubborn in one way or another. (L) Let's change the subject. I have been getting a lot of mail on the internet from the portions of transcript that I have posted.

**A:** Tip of the ice-berg.

**Q:** (L) Well, if it keeps up, I will need a secretary because it seems that all I do is write answers to questions or send copies of answers to questions to people asking the same questions...

**A:** What fun!

**Q:** (L) I am trying to keep up will all of it and I am being worn out. I am working 18 hours a day... I am trying to keep up with all the stuff that is coming in...

**A:** And those of wisdom, know to follow paths most easily grooved.

**Q:** (L) I have written to a LOT of people about the publishing... when am I going to find what I am looking for? I am amazed at how many people want to read the material after I have sent out these excerpts.

**A:** Then you should know our response.

**Q:** (L) Wait and see?

**A:** Bingo!! Did we not tell you, did we not advise you about the network??!??

**Q:** (L) Of course...

**A:** And what did you do?

**Q:** (L) Well, I did it as soon as I could...

**A:** And what happened?

**Q:** (L) The Lizzies tried to kill me! {laughter}

**A:** The Lizard Force, i.e. STS, has been attacking you since day one. We have been advising you only for 1.5 years, as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) The situation is such that I am running out of force from working against this constant oppression and opposition. Can you tell me if I will ever have some peace of mind so that I can continue to function?

**A:** Have we?

{Background for next question: Headless Valley is a specific region (Lat: 61.25 Long: -124.5) of the South Nahanni River valley (Canada) said to encompass a lost world complete with tropical forests, murderously savage natives, and a myriad of mysterious creatures ranging from 'Bear Dogs' to Sasquatch. The legend of Headless Valley is unusual in that it is fairly modern, having originated in 1908, following the discovery of two decapitated miners in the region of the South Nahanni River. Since that time, several other disappearances and murders have been documented in the region. See also: [The Valley Of The Headless Men](http://raven-talesoftheweird.blogspot.com/2011/02/valley-of-headless-men.html)}

**Q:** (L) I guess. Okay, there is some valley in Canada that is supposed to be very mysterious and it seems that no one will go to the area any more because they all end up dead with their heads cut off. Who is doing this? Is there some Indians or cave people or what?

**A:** STS beings, density 4.

**Q:** (L) Oh, goodness! Well, I think that I ought to ask something else because I have this feeling that there is something right around the corner, or something just out of my line of sight that I do not see. I guess I am asking for unknown knowledge.

**A:** Knowledge of an unknown nature is not knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Anything else from anybody? SV, I guess you know what you are supposed to do now... you screwed up big time... (S) Well, I was always taught that...

**A:** Rules. Good Night.

END OF SESSION

