## April 24, 1996
Frank, Laura

Notice the comment added to this session regarding "thrombosis".

**Q:** (L) Hello. Is it okay to work in this room since [my daughter] has taken our work room tonight?

**A:** Necessities produce changes.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Siril.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I would like to deal with certain issues relating to the progress of this "mission" or "project" as you have described it. As you know, we have experienced serious disruptions and "attack" in recent months. I came to a conclusion that my husband is a robot person. But, I am not going to ask you to confirm or deny that. I came to that idea through information in the transcripts. What I do want to know is: is it likely now that much of the attack will cease since that energy has been removed from my environment?

**A:** Maybe, but not necessarily in the ways you think!

**Q:** (L) Well, since I have been through such a terrible ordeal in the past year, what is there to encourage me?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is my husband a robot person?

**A:** Listen. Open.

**Q:** (L) What do I need to listen to?

**A:** See.

**Q:** (L) Am I going to see something?

**A:** Robot or not, all are programmed.

**Q:** (L) All are programmed including myself and Frank?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, considering a lot of my internal experiences, I had already come to this conclusion. What is the objective of this programming?

**A:** It is too complex to explain yet.

**Q:** (L) What was the source or cause of the complete loss of my voice for several weeks?

**A:** Q plasma bacterial infection. Ask Wu.

**Q:** (L) You mean Dr. Vu?

**A:** Yes. Pronounced Wu in southern oriental inflective tone.

[Yes, it IS Wu, and I DID ask. This is a definition of an "unknown" or "unidentifiable" bacteria which the medical profession labels "quelle" to indicate its unknown origin.]

**Q:** (L) I was analyzing some of the material regarding the recent episode with SV and her mother. To this point, she still has done none of the things that you advised her to do in response to her requests for advice. I told her that I was very angry that she took so much of my time and energy and still did none of the things advised, resulting in EVERYONE being upset. Now, I had someone call me and tell me that SV was involved in some sort of coven or very dark organization. I just have a very difficult time believing this. How can she speak so disparagingly of such things and then, be a part of such? Yet, the source of the information knew things that "clicked" and could not possibly have been said unless this was true. Is it possible that SV could have multiple personalities and one of her other "selves" is doing this? As in Greenbaum?

**A:** Sure!

**Q:** (L) Is it possible for either Frank or I to be involved in such and not be aware of it?

**A:** Yes, but it is not that.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that there IS some other thing that we are involved in, in some other aspects of our selves, that we are not aware of?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that happens in altered states or in sleep states?

**A:** Not happens, happened.

**Q:** (L) Something that happened in the past?

**A:** Laura, you need to consult a powerful, practiced, effective hypnotherapist to unlock these questions for you.

**Q:** (L) Is this something I could do for Frank in the meantime? Obviously Frank could have a big piece of the puzzle locked up in there...

**A:** Both of you and others. The locks have been installed in such a way that it is literally impossible for you to unlock them, as they were installed with full knowledge of present circumstances.

**Q:** (L) Who installed these locks?

**A:** Supremely powerful STS consortium!!

**Q:** (L) And what circumstances were they aware of, as you have mentioned, when they installed these locks?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) You are the Cassiopaeans, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And you are STO?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And you are telling us that we have locks on knowledge installed in us, installed by supremely powerful STS consortium. Can we not, in our conscious state, reject this programming, and ask you to inform us of this information?

**A:** Not possible!

**Q:** (L) What is not possible?

**A:** What you just asked.

**Q:** (L) You mean we can't change our minds, or you can't inform us?

**A:** Incorrect analysis.

**Q:** (L) Give me the correct analysis.

**A:** You cannot unlock, and we cannot tell you details of what, or why.

**Q:** (L) Why can you not tell us?

**A:** Free will violation, and endangerment of you if done thusly.

**Q:** (L) Is there some way to do it that does not endanger us?

**A:** We have told you.

**Q:** (L) Is it a danger to us to NOT unlock these things?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** (L) When I was kidnapped at the age of 3 or 4 in Jacksonville, how many days was I missing. My mother simply has a blank about it, which amazes her.

**A:** 12 days.

**Q:** (L) Who was it that kidnapped me?

**A:** Jan.

**Q:** (L) Who was Jan?

**A:** Corps member.

**Q:** (L) What corps is this?

**A:** Select division of economic legion under control of G5.

**Q:** (L) Economic legion? What is G5?

**A:** Intel.

**Q:** (L) What was the purpose of this kidnapping?

**A:** To install self-destruct programming.

**Q:** (L) So, this Jan was known to us as "Cecil Brien."

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And he more or less overwhelmed my mother and persuaded her to marry him just to get at me? I find this to be incredible!

**A:** It was easy at the time. She was vulnerable.

**Q:** (L) So, I have a "self-destruct" program. And Frank has one also?

**A:** Similar, but not an exact copy so as to mask.

**Q:** (L) Was Frank abducted in a similar fashion?

**A:** Close, but not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Was Frank's pneumonia when he was a child, that nearly killed him, part of this self-destruct program?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Frank's father also programmed?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Well. I think we can safely assume that every member of our families have had some sort of program installed, if only to facilitate our programming. This whole situation is beginning to sound inexpressibly grim.

**A:** Grim?!? You have lived decades after these episodes! How many brethren? Multiples of millions!

**Q:** (L) That is why I am saying it is pretty damn grim...

**A:** And it is part of a natural process, do not forget.

**Q:** (L) Well, we need some help from the good guys. Or, is it that unless we can figure it out we are stuck?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It sounds so dreadful. We need some help here. I am becoming VERY tired.

**A:** You only need knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Have any of my children been programmed?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) My daughter A\_\_\_ has been going through a terrible time. I have taken her to the doctors several times. Can you tell me what is wrong with her?

**A:** Desire for acceptance.

**Q:** (L) What will help?

**A:** Patience. She is headstrong.

**Q:** (L) You can say THAT again! Recently I talked to a fellow who was telling me about discovering the trainload of Nazi treasures in a cave in the Harz Mountains. He was asking for investors. If I were to get my [insurance] settlement in time, ought I to invest in this?

**A:** Does herpetologist study his/her subject by travelling naked into a snake pit?

**Q:** (L) Okay, that settles that. What about the settlement?

**A:** Your settlement is being delayed by those purporting to be on your side.

**Q:** (L) Is [my ex] going to give me any further problem?

**A:** Not if you "cut him loose" completely.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Give him ultimate freedom.

**Q:** (L) Well, I want to have a little direction here.

**A:** Concentrate on settlement. This can be a problem solver if handled wisely, a curse if not so! Use some of the funds to locate a "super-hypnotherapist."

**Q:** (L) Who might this person be? A clue?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there some progress that we can make on our own?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Give me a clue... I want something that will blow me off my chair and enrich my life which is so grim... produce knowledge that will protect me...

**A:** Won't succeed until locks are blown off in proper way.

**Q:** (L) Well, I hope I survive until then.

**A:** Refer to previous answer.

**Q:** (L) If you guys were here, I'd throw something at you!

**A:** We'd dodge!

**Q:** (L) Well, you see my problem here... I guess I just want to know that there is someone out there who cares...

**A:** You should by now.

**Q:** (L) Then you guys ought to get behind my lawyer and jack him up...

**A:** We do, through you.

**Q:** (L) Tell me about DF, who is supposed to be part of the intel network?

**A:** Not so.

**Q:** (L) What is not so?

**A:** Intel.

**Q:** (L) You mean, the claimed intelligence connection?

**A:** "Remember the Brockinton!"

**Q:** (L) Well, DF does not go around exactly claiming he is connected like Andrew B does...

**A:** Intel does not spew on the internet.

**Q:** (L) So, we have a LOT of stuff locked up inside and all we have to do is find the key...

**A:** Yes, exactly.

**Q:** (L) Anything else...

**A:** Beware of cardiac concerns. Not what is, what may be.

**Q:** (L) What specifically?

**A:** Possible thrombosis in future.

**Q:** (L) What can I do to avoid such?

**A:** Many things, but most important is your attitude. You must decrease your anger.

[Laura's note: I was, in fact, very angry at my ex. However, it is interesting that this issue of heart concerns/thrombosis was brought up at this moment because within just a few days of this session, my close friend, Sandra, suffered a thrombosis that caused cardiac arrest and her death. This suggests that some information that gets "picked out" can relate to someone close rather than to the individual specified. It also highlights the peculiar "impressionistic" nature of psychic transmissions.]

**Q:** (L) Well, I thought I had basically done with that when I asked [ex] for divorce? What am I angry about?

**A:** Much, but especially dark past occurrences, some locked, some not.

**Q:** (L) What past occurrences?

**A:** What was done to you.

**Q:** (L) You mean the kidnapping and possible alien interference?

**A:** And other.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean [my ex]?

**A:** Not mainly.

**Q:** (L) Well, can I ask this: did [my ex] ever, at any point in our marriage, care for me at all?

**A:** The way he does.

**Q:** (L) That says it all. But, what are they talking about? What was done to me?

**A:** Violations.

**Q:** (L) In the process of programming me to destroy myself, was I physically and sexually violated? I have absolutely NO memory of ANY of that. Are you talking about when I was a child?

**A:** Yes. And other.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell me what ages?

**A:** 2,4,7,10,17,22,44

**Q:** (L) When I was 2, I was abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And when I was 4? I was kidnapped and programmed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And when I was 7 I was abducted?

**A:** Yes, and...

**Q:** (L) I was programmed then, too?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When I was 10... Abducted?

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Well, I am just going to have to think about all this... Looks like a good lotto number!

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) [That was a joke.] Don't you guys believe in FUN?

**A:** Yes. Good Night.

END OF SESSION

