## June 29, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. We are the Cassiopaean transmitting 6th density beings of light, and for purposes of an identifier for your familiarity pattern, we will label this consciousness unit "Jarrah."

**Q:** (L) Well, that is an interesting opening. I guess you have been tuned in during the week and have been aware of the stuff going on in my head. I would like to get directly to my questions as they have developed during the past few days. The first thing is in regard to the Santilli session: is awareness equal to gravity?

**A:** It is a part therein.

**Q:** (L) Does accumulation of knowledge and awareness correspond to an increase in gravity?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) You said that energy can change the value of the density. The value of the density, as I understand it, is either plus or minus. Does this mean that pumping energy into 3rd density from another realm of space/time can intensify the gravity to such a state that it changes its unit and becomes antimatter?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) You said that EM was the same as gravity. Does an increase in EM, the collection of EM or the production of an EM wave, does this increase gravity on those things or objects or persons subjected to it?

**A:** Gravity does not ever get increased or decreased, it is merely collected and dispersed.

**Q:** (L) If gravity is collected and dispersed, and planets and stars are windows, and you say that human beings "have" gravity, does that mean that the human beings, or the life forms on a given planet or in a given solar system, are the collectors of this gravity?

**A:** No. Gravity is the collector of human beings and all else! Make "collector" singular.

**Q:** (L) Is STO the equivalent of dispersing gravity?

**A:** No, STO is a REFLECTION of the existence of gravity dispersal.

**Q:** (L) Is STS also dispersal of gravity?

**A:** No. Collection is reflected. STS is reflection or reflected by collection of gravity.

**Q:** (L) You said that changing the unit involves movement to another density. You also said that antimatter realm is the door to, or the pathway to, ethereal existence. Is 4th density, therefore, an antimatter universe?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do the beings in 4th density manifest in an antimatter state?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Is 4th density a density where both matter and antimatter are in balance?

**A:** Not in balance, in evidence.

**Q:** (L) So matter and antimatter are both available for utilization by individuals according to will and awareness?

**A:** Close. Antimatter and matter are balanced everywhere.

**Q:** (L) What effect does collection of gravity - you said gravity was collecting human beings - what effect...

**A:** No, we did not say that. You don't learn when you "skip over" the material.

**Q:** (L) What did I skip over? You said that "gravity is the collector of human beings?"

**A:** Yes, but all else is the key. When one says that, there is no differentiation.

**Q:** (L) Yes, well I am asking these questions at OUR level here. What effects does gravity have on the body?

**A:** Too complicated. Try breaking your question down.

**Q:** (L) You say that increasing awareness was "a part therein," of gravity. So, if a person is increasing awareness, do they also increase in gravity?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship between the increasing awareness and gravity?

**A:** Nothing direct.

**Q:** (L) I am trying to find out what effect increasing awareness has on human beings in relation to this unstable gravity wave you have mentioned, as well as the oncoming "wave."

**A:** You are trying to "marry" two parallels.

**Q:** (L) We have two parallels... okay... so if one is exponential increasing in awareness, the sign of the units of bodily energy does not change?

**A:** You are still attempting to generate.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am just trying to get a grip on some ideas here...

**A:** Then change the thought pattern. Gravity is the "stuff" of all existence, therefore it has an unchanging property of quantity.

**Q:** (L) So, gravity is not being "used," per se?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) You said that light was an energy expression of gravity. Then you said...

**A:** You can utilize gravity, but you cannot "use" it. You cannot increase or decrease that which is in perfectly balanced static state.

**Q:** (L) So, gravity is in a perfectly "static" state. Yet, it can be "utilized." Can you make clear for me the transition from the static state to transition. What occurs?

**A:** There is no transition, just application.

**Q:** (L) What occurs from the perfectly static state to the application mode? Is anybody following me?

**A:** No, including us!

**Q:** (L) Wonderful! What I am trying to get at is, 1) gravity exists in a static state; 2) light is an energy expression of gravity, therefore it is utilization? Correct?

**A:** No. Light is an expression of gravitational energy.

**Q:** (L) Well, when one has an expression, it expresses onto, into, or to something somewhere...

**A:** It does?

**Q:** (L) Well...

**A:** If a tree falls in the forest, and nothing is there to hear it, does it make a sound?

**Q:** (L) You are saying that gravity is everywhere in balance and static, and then you say that utilization causes unstable gravity waves. And then you say that gravity is God, and that God is all creation, and we are a part of all creation, and, therefore, we are of God, and gravity. So, what I am trying to get at here is what is the thing, the event, the manifestation, the mode of utilization that takes gravity from a perfectly static state to an unstable state, if you are saying it is always perfectly balanced. That does not make sense to me.

**A:** Instability does not automatically mean non-static. Unstable waves can be static in their instability.

**Q:** (L) None of this makes a whole lot of sense. I thought I was beginning to understand it, and obviously I don't have a clue. Let's try a different direction. You said that the universe consists of equal amounts of matter and antimatter. Are the first three densities, densities of matter?

**A:** And antimatter.

**Q:** (L) Are there equal amounts of matter and antimatter at all densities?

**A:** Yes. Remember, density refers to one's conscious awareness only. Once one is aware, all [many spirals of the planchette] conforms to that awareness.

**Q:** (L) What is it about the oncoming wave that is going to make any given person aware?

**A:** Not yet... First: your prophets have always used 3rd density symbology to try to convey 4th density realities. You are attempting to gather 3rd density answers to explain 4th through 7th density principles. This is why you are getting frustrated, because it doesn't "mesh."

**Q:** (L) Are manifestations in 3rd density loci of collection of gravity?

**A:** In part. But, so are manifestations on all densities.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, if...

**A:** What do you suppose the opposite of gravity is?

**Q:** (L) Antigravity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, if all that exists were like a blown up balloon, and the surface of the balloon represents the static state of gravity, 7th density maybe... and it begins to bump out in different places... and all these little bumps are loci of manifestation of various densities - and this is very simplified, I am just trying to get an image - is this getting, even very simplistically, an idea that I can work with?

**A:** As long as you have an "anti-balloon" too.

**Q:** (L) So, can we make the outer surface of the balloon a balloon, and the inner surface or the air the "anti-balloon?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Two balloons next to one another?

**A:** No. A non-balloon.

**Q:** (L) A non-balloon? You are making me CRAZY! You are saying that NOTHING exists! We are just not even HERE!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, for God's SAKE! Help me out with a visual on this! Okay, a balloon in front of a mirror, the reflection of the balloon is the "non-balloon."

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The non-balloon is when the balloon switches off - but it does it so fast you are not aware of it - like a pulsation...? I mean, I am desperate here!

**A:** You see, my dear, when you arrive at 4th density, then you will see.

**Q:** (L) Well, how in the heck am I supposed to get there if I can't "get it?"

**A:** Who says you have to "get it" before you get there?

**Q:** (L) Well, that leads back to: what is the wave going to do to expand this awareness? Because, if the wave is what "gets you there," what makes this so?

**A:** No. It is like this: After you have completed all your lessons in "third grade," where do you go?

**Q:** (L) So, it is a question of...

**A:** Answer, please.

**Q:** (L) You go to fourth grade.

**A:** Okay, now, do you have to already be in 4th grade in order to be allowed to go there? Answer.

**Q:** (L) No. But you have to know all the 3rd density things...

**A:** Yes. More apropos: you have to have learned all of the lessons.

**Q:** (L) What kind of lessons are we talking about here?

**A:** Karmic and simple understandings.

**Q:** (L) What are the key elements of these understandings, and are they fairly universal?

**A:** They are universal.

**Q:** (L) What are they?

**A:** We cannot tell you that.

**Q:** (L) Do they have to do with discovering the MEANINGS of the symbology of 3rd density existence, seeing behind the veil... and reacting to things according to choice? Giving each thing or person or event its due?

**A:** Okay. But you cannot force the issue. When you have learned, you have learned!

**Q:** (L) I just want to make sure that I am doing the most I can do. I don't want to have to come back to 3rd density. If I can accelerate things a little...

**A:** You cannot, so just enjoy the ride. Learning is fun!

**Q:** (L) Now, you told me research and meditate upon unstable gravity waves. And, that once I understood this, quantum physics would be perfectly clear to me, and basically everything would be perfectly clear. Now, I have been struggling with this...

**A:** That is just the point, Laura! When it is a struggle, you are not learning. So stop struggling and meditate. i.e. enjoy the ride.

**Q:** (L) So, you say that if I am struggling I am not doing it right. Well, I struggled with myself to get out of my marriage, and that was and still is a struggle. Was that an erroneous approach?

**A:** Yes, because all that happened would have happened anyway.

**Q:** (L) So, it was the wrong approach?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What was the right approach? Wait for him to choose to leave?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) Well, at this point, I was brought to the point of death.

**A:** That is not the point, but yes, if you had not struggled to be something other than who you are while IN the relationship, and struggled to make the relationship work every time it came to a point of termination, it would have happened sooner.

**Q:** (L) When we went through the transcript to get some of the quoted words, there was a sequence that came out: "Time caused alpha level suffering." Is there such a thing?

**A:** Maybe. Mix and match.

**Q:** (L) You mean in putting the words and phrases together?

**A:** Yes, but don't struggle with it! You try too hard when you feel upset with others, this is why see: ISCNI, LM, D4, and others...

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that I should not do anything that makes something inside me feel compressed or denied...

**A:** Do without expectations. When you conform or change your behavior in the expectation of creating a change in others, then you are expecting something. So, do it. See what happens. But be patient and see what happens!

**Q:** (L) Okay, let me ask about a dream. My daughter and I both had dreams night before last. The nature of both dreams were very similar, although the participants were different. Was this some sort of prophetic energy?

**A:** Natural cycles caused psychic "link."

**Q:** (L) You mean as in hormonal cycles?

**A:** Yes. And good night.

END OF SESSION

