## February 24, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV, PZ, SZ, MM, W

{Another cranky session probably due to the presence of the guests. I think it was mostly Cs influence, and they were probably less forthcoming because the individuals present were not really asking.}

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Vorta.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) First item: it seems that everyone in this room has been experiencing some sort of major, cumulative problems, all on the same day. Would you comment on this, please?

**A:** Exception.

**Q:** (L) What exception?

**A:** Frank. Move board over to left. Your left. {adjustment made} More. {further adjustment.} OK. Better centered.

**Q:** Can you comment on SV's situation since she is the most upset?

**A:** Not unless you ask specifics.

**Q:** (S) I know I am under attack and I am going to deal with it the best way I can. It's hard, but there is nothing else I can do. I knew I was coming under attack because the clock that does not work was humming again and that is always a sure sign.

**A:** Concealment causes bereavement.

**Q:** (L) Who is bereaved?

**A:** Who is concealing?

**Q:** (L) Are you trying to hide your emotional state? (S) Of course. It's my problem. (L) Well, remember what they told me: when I hurt, everyone else suffers. (S) But, if I don't tell anyone else, then no one else has to suffer.

**A:** Networking provides solutions, and not just on the computer!!!

**Q:** (S) Well, I am upset with everything about my mother. I know it is my own fault... If I had left them at the home, everything would have been fine.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (S) Well, it's not fine now. Everybody is upset. Everybody is miserable. (F) It is certainly not a good situation. (S) I want to know about this clock. Is it really a warning signal as I think it is?

**A:** What do you think? Remember, you learn on an exponential curve, once you have become "tuned in." This means that you become increasingly able to access the universal consciousness. Please learn to trust your increasing awareness. All who are present here are at one point or another on that cycle, or one point or another on that cycle of progression, some further along than others. If you properly network without prejudice, you may all wind up at the same point on this cycle. We also mean that you can access the universal consciousness to find the answers to otherwise unseen truths, such as the clock vibrating as a sign of increased 4th density STS presence, for but one example.

**Q:** (L) Well, along this line, MM has a very strange object appearing in "aura photographs" in her house and, more or less with her. It appears to be a column of light, or a luminescent tube of some sort. What is it?

**A:** Represents conduit created by presence at locator which is in direct communication with higher density levels. And, in fact, there is some degree of convergence between same.

**Q:** (L) What presence are we talking about?

**A:** Many and varied.

**Q:** (L) And this is also a convergence point of densities?

**A:** Not exactly; convergence is taking place to some degree.

**Q:** (L) Are these presences STS or STO?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) It is like a portal?

**A:** Not a portal, it is a conduit. A portal is an opening allowing influences to manifest from higher density levels and downward. A conduit is a "two way street."

**Q:** (W) What do they want MM to do?

**A:** That is not the correct concept. Correction: A conduit develops both because of locator and... the entities present. It is not locator fixed.

**Q:** (L) What should MM do in regard to this opening and these presences?

**A:** Nothing in particular... But it is up to MM to decide how to handle the situation.

**Q:** (L) Are any of these presences connected to the statue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What kind of entity is connected with the statue?

**A:** Fifth density holdover.

**Q:** (L) Why is this being there?

**A:** Chooses to be. And no, Laura, it is not a Lizard!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, then what is it?

**A:** Didn't we just tell you?

**Q:** (L) Yes. We were talking about that earlier. How dead dudes can attach to things or people or houses or whatever. How are we going to solve this?

**A:** What needs to be solved?

**Q:** (L) Can she use this conduit?

**A:** Of course. And has already!!! If she had not, the conduit would not exist!

**Q:** (MM) How can I use it more effectively?

**A:** This would violate learning directive.

**Q:** (MM) What is the connection between the statue and myself?

**A:** All is interconnected. Please refer to our first few responses of this session!

**Q:** (L) She can use it to access universal consciousness?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, what can she do to maximize the STO presence and minimize the STS use of the conduit?

**A:** Oh Laura, my dear, seems you need a refresher course in the transcripts. Maybe suggest you read them and relax and privately listen to the ones you have not as of yet transcribed a little more. This would be extremely helpful in your many and increasing communications via the "net" as well. Remember, we help you to unlock answers that have been placed in your superconsciousness files from before the "time" of the birth of your physical body. Also, false information is worse than no information at all. Now, for PZ: Please denote quote marks in your reading back of the answers, in order to preserve the greatest possible meaning! Thank you!

**Q:** (MM) What is happening to me when I feel I am being touched in a sleep or semi-sleep state?

**A:** Various entities.

**Q:** (MM) What is their purpose for doing this?

**A:** Too vague to explain and this is learning material. Consult karmic references.

**Q:** (MM) I would like to ask about my karma with W?

**A:** Remember two things: Number one, there are better ways to access this information than to expect us to lead you by the hand, this is not learning. Number two, Too many personal questions begin to restrict the channel!

**Q:** (L) Mike Lindemann asked us if we would be interested in utilizing ISCNI as a forum for the material. Is this an acceptable forum?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) You also said that publishing would "explode." Can you give us any more on that?

**A:** Is this "personal data night?"

**Q:** (L) Well, I didn't think it was personal data. I have a number of questions from people all over the world that I need to get answered, and it seems that people are interested, and I would like to get the material out there.

**A:** We have advised on this subject already, and patience is a virtue which builds strength!

**Q:** (L) Mike Lindeman has proposed that we submit the channeling to 'rigorous testing.'

**A:** Mike Lindemann does not channel, now does he? What sort of rigorous testing does he propose?

**Q:** (L) He didn't say. I guess they want short-term predictions and all sorts of little tests...

**A:** Precisely, now what does this tell you?

**Q:** It tells us that he wants proof.

**A:** Third density "proof" does not apply, as we have explained again and again. Now, listen very carefully: if proof of that type were possible, what do you suppose would happen to free will, and thusly to learning, Karmic Directive Level One?

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that if there is proof, you are believing in the proof and not the spirit of the thing. You are placing your reliance upon a material thing. You have lost your free will. Someone has violated your free will by the act of PROVING something to you.

**A:** If anyone CHOOSES to believe, that is their prerogative!

**Q:** (PZ) {unintelligible but sarcastic sounding remark}

**A:** You did not completely understand the previous response, Pat. And what would constitute proof?

**Q:** (L) Predictions that came true, answers that were verifiable about a number of things.

**A:** Those would still be dismissed by a great many as mere coincidences. We have already given predictions, will continue to do so, but, remember, "time" does not exist. This is a 3rd density illusion. We don not play in that sandbox and cannot and never will. The primary reason for our communication is to help you to learn by teaching yourselves to learn, thereby strengthening your soul energy, and assisting your advancement.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that your primary reason is just to teach us? This small group?

**A:** Because you asked for help.

**Q:** (L) So, you came through because we asked. Is this material being given to others, or is it designed to or intended to be shared with others?

**A:** If they ask in the necessary way. Otherwise, the sharing of the messages we give to you will teach millions of others.

**Q:** (L) What is the 'necessary way?'

**A:** How "long did it take you?"

**Q:** (L) Well, it took all our lives and a LOT of hard work.

**A:** Okay, now what did we mean when we referred to "millions of others?"

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that this information will be transmitted in some way to millions of others?

**A:** In what way?

**Q:** (L) Well, the only thing I can think of is through books.

**A:** Bingo!!

**Q:** (W) That's a lot of work.

**A:** The work has been ongoing, W!

**Q:** (W) Well, it all has to be typed, and edited, and correlated and put in a cohesive form, and it will be a couple of years....

**A:** All will be taken care of, and no, W!.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's a clue! A concession! (W) Well, I was thinking of the time frame and so many things are getting ready to happen any time now. It seems like the information needs to get out there soon or it will be obsolete.

**A:** Prejudice serves no purpose! Also, who says that the information is going to be obsolete?

**Q:** (PZ) What is the matter with just making photocopies and binding it?

**A:** Wait and see. And don't be surprised if events supercede such options.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's a clue! I wonder what they mean?

**A:** Wait and see?

**Q:** (W) I would like to know about this comet that is being talked about on the internet that people say is going to crash into the Earth on April 7th...

**A:** Nonsense!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, I am curious about PZs and MM and Ws mysterious phone calls, and the strange guy who has been stalking PZ being seen peering in the window at Frank's job. Are all of these things interconnected.

**A:** No comment. All of these things can be discovered by utilising the methods we have taught you and the talents you possess and have learned elsewhere.

**Q:** (L) Well, group, have we answered all these questions yet?

**A:** Facetiousness is humorous, so long as all present understand intent!

**Q:** (L) Recently I heard a clapping sound behind my back, and I spun around and there was no one there. Gene B mentioned hearing the "clapping" sounds behind him when he was meditating once. I understand that this is like breaking the sound barrier when something comes through from another density...

**A:** Not "sound" barrier, just "barrier" will do!

**Q:** (L) Well, in regard to PZ's situation...

**A:** PZ has had "situations" going on for some time, as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) Well, considering her husband's work, her own work, her security clearances... and that it is very common to get the funny phone calls and now W has also had these phone calls...

**A:** Greys.

**Q:** (L) Well, there was a woman on television who had claimed that she was being abducted. She left a voice activated tape recorder on her night table, and during the night a strange, metallic sounding voice was recorded which said: 'don't wake up,' and it was the strangest thing you ever heard. And, Karla Turner had the same sort of thing going on with her. (MM to W) Should we tell them who this was that was calling? (L) Who, God? (MM) No. Go ahead. (W) I can only tell you who he claimed to be. He died in 1952. It was Paramahansa. (MM) Yes. I went out and found a tape of Yogananda, and it was HIS voice! And then the tape fried my karaoke machine. (L) Well, it either was, or it wasn't. Was the voice that of Yogananda? Can we ask?

**A:** You can ask.

**Q:** (L) Well, was it?

**A:** Was it?

**Q:** (L) Well, where is Yogananda now?

**A:** Fifth density.

**Q:** (L) So, Yogananda is in 5th density. Cayce once said that he would return in 1998 as a 'liberator.' Did he mean that he would be born in 1998, or 'activate' in 1998?

**A:** That is not important.

**Q:** (L) Now, my memory for dates and times has always been, at best, a little vague. But, lately, it has been really bad. What is the cause of this loss of ability to keep a sequential record of what one does, who one sees, etc? It is really strange.

**A:** It is not strange. As one "ages" the illusion of time passage begins to deteriorate because your "higher mind" begins to understand the illusion.

**Q:** (L) I was reading some of the transcripts earlier today. One of the things I read was about the Nephilim and their interactions with human beings and about other planets and molecularization, etc. Then, I was reading about the planet Kantek. Are there any human beings, on Earth, at the present time, who carry in them the Nephilim genes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) MM has a six foot tall daughter. I have a kid who is pretty tall. Could this be a manifestation of Nephilim genes?

**A:** Maybe, maybe not.

**Q:** (L) Is there any way one can tell?

**A:** Would you want to?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** No you wouldn't!

**Q:** (L) Would these Nephilim genetics be passed down in the natural way, or would they be the result of genetic manipulation by genetically altering a fetus and then putting it back?

**A:** No to latter. One clue: double Y chromosomes.

**Q:** (W) That's male...

**A:** Nephalim were.

**Q:** (L) They, were male. Women are a double X, men are XY.

**A:** Prisons are filled with double Y's with monstrous personality disorders, almost always Caucasian and over- sized. Also, "bikers" often carry the gene. We suggest you not share this in a general way on the net!!!

**Q:** (L) On TV they interviewed a serial killer. He was HUGE! He described killing. The shrink who was analyzing said he did it because he wanted to get caught. I did NOT get that feeling. I think he did it just because it was what he did. Bikers often carry the gene... and this is why they form 'gangs.' Nephalim. Bikers. Big. Caucasian. My, my, my. Is there any other clue you can give?

**A:** Nephalim are not currently on your world, just trace residuals.

**Q:** (L) Trace residuals in people. And there are supposed to be 36 million of them coming...

**A:** With the wave.

**Q:** (L) That reminds me: is it possible that this comet cluster you have talked about exists in 4th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) The comet cluster is in 3rd density?

**A:** Transcends 3rd and 4th.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so it is both in 3rd and 4th...

**A:** It will be visible to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, everyone is having fits over Hale Bopp, is it related?

**A:** ? Many space objects currently or recently visible are mysterious.

**Q:** (F) Well, on the news last night they reported that something had been sighted in 1991 and 1992 that had not reappeared... they thought it was a comet, then they said it wasn't that, and they also said it appeared to be pulsating. Even the astronomers were at a loss about this thing that has disappeared. (PZ) Is this thing that was seen in 1991 and 1992 going to be part of this wave?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (PZ) I understand that they are building the largest telescope ever on top of a mountain in Peru. Is this telescope going to have the ability to forewarn about the wave?

**A:** There is the ability to forewarn of the comet cluster, but not the wave as it is not visible. Question is whether or not warnings will be given due to clandestine and political factors.

**Q:** (W) Well, they already have the technology and are searching the skies with the SETI telescope in Puerto Rico.

**A:** SETI Schmetti, W! SETI stands for "search for extra terrestrial intelligence," now why don't you all start a search for a method to invent indoor plumbing?

**Q:** (W) Well, you know, Carl Sagan... (L) Oh, I know. And they are always asking for money. Every time I get their mail-outs I write across the top: "They are already here! When will you guys wake up?!" And I send it back. Does Carl Sagan know that we have already been 'invaded?'

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, he is just lying?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we ought to cover that we haven't asked at this point? (MM) Yes. Was it Yogananda?

**A:** Learning is fun. Otherwise, you would still be riding your bicycles, complete with training wheels, and on that note, Good Night.

**Q:** Good Night. Thank You.

END OF SESSION

