# 1996
## January 7, 1996
Frank, Laura, Pat Z

**Q:** (L) Hello

**A:** Oops!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have this evening?

**A:** Turrin.

**Q:** (L) And where are you communicating from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We have Pat with us tonight...

**A:** Hello Pat

**Q:** (L) Now, with all of us here, we would like to ask why the black, flying boomerangs showed up on the night Pat first came for hypnosis?

**A:** Examine issue carefully.

**Q:** (L) The first thing we thought about it was that this was a, if not necessarily rare, at least rarely observed type of craft, and the event itself was rare... is this correct?

**A:** It is rare.

**Q:** (L) If it is rare for it to occur in response to a hypnosis session, which person were the UFO's particularly interested in?

**A:** It was not a person, but information that is hidden in the subconscious memory of Patricia.

**Q:** (L) Were they wanting to get this information?

**A:** No. To monitor what would be revealed.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that Pat has information programmed into her before birth that she needs to access?

**A:** No. Abductions.

**Q:** (L) They wanted to see if anything would be revealed about their abductions of her?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, since she is here, can we ask who abducted her?

**A:** Grays.

**Q:** (L) How many times has she been abducted?

**A:** 4. Snow scene was only 3rd density.

**Q:** (P) Does that mean that the snow scene was only in this realm?

**A:** No. Abduction which occurred there was strictly physical.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the abduction that occurred in the snow was a physical abduction. Perhaps the others were not. Were they physical also?

**A:** The others were 4th density. 3rd density abduction only occurs rarely, and is of great import.

**Q:** (L) What is of great import that is connected to this abduction?

**A:** Review.

**Q:** (P) Was my son abducted?

**A:** Frozen.

**Q:** (L) Why did they want Pat so bad that they would take her physically?

**A:** Do you have any ideas?

**Q:** (L) Yes, I have ideas. Maybe Pat has ideas and knowledge that she could access to work against these beings?

**A:** But real reason is more fundamental.

**Q:** (L) Were they abducting Pat to harvest eggs?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) To harvest energy?

**A:** Would you like to learn or play "20 questions?"

**Q:** (L) I would like to learn and get to the bottom of this.

**A:** You answered your own enquiry earlier.

**Q:** (L) Because she had information they wanted to get from her?

**A:** No, no, no.

**Q:** (L) What did I say?

**A:** Exposure.

**Q:** (L) Oh, they fear that she will act in some way to expose them...

**A:** Government proximities!

**Q:** (L) Oh! When I was talking earlier about people who have someone working for the government, such people tend to be abducted more. And just because Pat was married to a scientist who worked at JPL doesn't mean she knew anything. Does she know something?

**A:** Not what she knew.

**Q:** (L) Was it because of where she lived?

**A:** Because of proximity to consortium activity.

**Q:** (P) Was that activity in the tunnel? {Pat is referring to the underground base where her husband worked on secret research.}

**A:** Implanted for possible future activation.

**Q:** (L) So, because of your proximity to the people you were living around and interacting with, you had an implant designed to control you if need be. (P) Was this related to what was going on under the mountain? (L) What mountain? What's under the mountain? (P) Just ask.

**A:** Not locator, personnel are factored.

**Q:** (L) Okay, it is not where you were so much as who you were in contact with.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it her husband?

**A:** Perhaps.

**Q:** (L) Maybe that is why there is a higher rate of abduction among family members of government employees, so that they can be activated or controlled? (P) But my husband wasn't really working on anything secret.

**A:** He had access to sensitive facilities.

**Q:** (L) Did he have a security clearance or was he friends with others who did? (P) I had a security clearance. (L) So, P had an implant put in. An actual, physical implant. Where is it?

**A:** Behind sinus cavity.

**Q:** (L) What is this implant designed to do?

**A:** Activate behavioral control reflex and thought pattern generation and alteration.

**Q:** (P) Is that why I can't remember anything?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Did you ever have headaches or nose or ear problems? (P) No, but I do have this memory problem in a big way. (L) What is the main part of the memory problem P has? Can you give us any more on that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, can I say that this UFO appeared over my house on the night P was under hypnosis, to reinforce the implant so that she would not be able...

**A:** To monitor.

**Q:** (L) If P had revealed the details of her abduction, would there have been any repercussions?

**A:** Not in this case.

**Q:** (L) Are there cases when persons reveal details of their abductions, that there are repercussions?

**A:** Varied.

**Q:** (L) So, if P had gone to anyone, these craft would have appeared?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You have already told us that this is extremely rare. Did P have an abduction experience of unusual significance?

**A:** 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what else was unusual?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (P) Does this have anything to do with Camp David?

**A:** Not the issue, its personnel!

**Q:** (L) Did you know somebody? Was it that she knew someone or interacted with someone in particular?

**A:** Many others!

**Q:** (P) If I started naming people, could we get to it?

**A:** Not necessary.

**Q:** (L) Well, there is an issue here that we need to get to. (P) Do the planes have anything to do with it?

**A:** It is up to P, the extent she wishes to retrieve and divulge, the many unusual experiences that were met, by P, with unusual indifference.

**Q:** (P) The first thing unusual was the geographic location of our house. Directly West of us was the mountain that housed all the communications to be used in the event of nuclear war. We were 13 miles North of Camp David. And, while we lived there, many, many things took place at Camp David that were of global significance. And, we built a barn in 1982 and had bought the house in 1976, and never, in all the years that I lived there, did I ever notice these planes until we built the barn. If I had a stick in my hand, I could have touched them, that's how low they flew. Right over my barn. The same day every week. And there was always two of them, and they never had a single marking on them. And, they were propeller planes. And I wondered: what in the hell is this country doing flying planes, unmarked, propeller driven, and so low, over this area? This continued until we moved from that house. So, these planes came twice a week from 1982 until 1989. (L) What were these planes?

**A:** Search to learn.

**Q:** (L) Well, obviously we need to discuss this to develop our synapses. (P) Well, after the first couple of times, I sort of just said: "Well, there are the planes." So, what else is new?

**A:** Indifference.

**Q:** (P) I thought the planes had something to do with the mountain. Did they?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (P) We knew they were flying under radar. Now, that I am thinking about this, nobody else ever talked about these planes. It was like we were the only people that ever saw them, or people who were at our house saw them too. My best friend who lived right up the road never saw them. I asked her: "Did you see the planes?" and she said "What planes?" I mean, she was seven acres away and nothing in between!

**A:** Unusual experiences mount!

**Q:** (P) Vic also noticed these things and he would always say - he was less indifferent than I was - he would say: "what in the hell are those planes and what are they doing?" (L) Why was P so indifferent? (P) Well, it didn't affect MY life, except that I was damn mad that it upset my horses. But then, the horses got used to them too, and they became indifferent! {laughter} Well, they came so often, twice a week - "it's Wednesday, the planes will be here!"

**A:** More... continue probing...

**Q:** (P) The planes came from East to West, and in the West was the mountain...

**A:** Catoctin.

**Q:** (P) That is the name of the mountain. (L) What is it? (P) The tunnel where all these facilities were... under Catoctin Mountain. Camp David is near, too.

**A:** And MUCH ELSE! Mount Weather, Virginia. And why did you live in area... helicopters?

**Q:** (P) Is it because of Fort Detrick?

**A:** What brought you to Maryland?

**Q:** (P) Fort Detrick. (L) What does Mount Weather mean? (P) The underground tunnel - everybody in town called it The Tunnel - but there was nothing around there to ever give anybody the slightest clue as to what it was. In fact, I lived there for quite a long time before I knew it existed. And, on top of the mountain there was a weather station... (L) But, what about Fort Detrick? (P) Vic was doing electron microscopy - cancer research.

**A:** REALLY?

**Q:** (P) It was a photographic lab. (L) Do the instruments on top of the mountain have anything to do with these planes?

**A:** So what?

**Q:** (L) Does it have anything to do with those antennae that are reported as being connected to that project, that alter space/time?

**A:** Helicopters, Pat? We are asking you!

**Q:** (P) Well, the helicopters in Frederick went over our house every time the president was at Camp David. But, that was our house in Walkersville not in Emmetsburg. When we first moved to Maryland. Sometimes the helicopters were unmarked...

**A:** You see, P is resistant due to experiences, things don't "phase" her easily, programming, etc.

**Q:** (L) So, all of these things happening around her, the planes, the mountain, the helicopters... (P) But the helicopters, I knew it was the President either going to or coming from Camp David.

**A:** Resistant, not resisting.

**Q:** (L) Is the term "resistant" a clue?

**A:** All is a clue here!

**Q:** (L) Since P has only been abducted 4 times, can this mean that she is resistant to that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (P) Isn't that just my personality, that if it doesn't affect me I don't bother with it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (P) I don't get bothered about things that...

**A:** Shoot somebody in front of P, and she says: "Oh well, that's life" so, to discover spectacular things, one must be patient and probe carefully, no hasty assumptions, please!! There is to be retrieved, revealed, studied.

**Q:** (P) Well, the helicopters went back and forth to Camp David. The President was supposed to be in them. And his entourage. There was only 3 helicopters. (L) Are these the helicopters referred to?

**A:** No. Let P digest it, and report back later.

**Q:** (L) At the time we had all those sightings around here on the night we did that session with P, why did so many other people see them?

**A:** Window was "blast."

**Q:** (L) Are there any craft over us at this time?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have the magazine ready to go out and the articles are somewhat controversial. Can we have an indication as to whether there will be a positive response to this issue or not?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Will it be possible to "channel" online as Mike Lindemann has suggested?

**A:** Sure!

**Q:** (L) P is having some serious problems at the present time, can you help her with these?

**A:** Networking works!!!

**Q:** (P) Is there a light at the end of the tunnel?

**A:** Networking works!!!!!

**Q:** (L) So, if she becomes involved in a network of some sort, things will sort out for her?

**A:** What do you think networking is, Laura?

**Q:** (L) Well, just what we have been doing... (P) How can you network a federal contract?

**A:** Share ideas, ask others for their experiences and opinions.

**Q:** (L) Pat says her shop cannot support the salaries for three people. And her Federal transcription business has gone kaput since the budget ran out and congress has not passed a new one.

**A:** What harm is there in aggressively pursuing government contracts, what have you to lose? Even if it fails dramatically, what, then, have you lost? If someone has the capacity to do so in business, the ultimate advice is to diversify, not eliminate, in other words, "leave no stone unturned!!" Suggest chase state and local government work as a buffer. Networking works P, you have always solved dilemmas, you go into "automatic pilot" during crises, so why do you ask?

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a clue about when the budget battle is going to end?

**A:** It is in the process of ending. Monday will start to refire the machine, though it will be awhile before it runs at full steam again. Backlogs create opportunity.

**Q:** (P) But, the backlogs can't begin until the budget is passed and signed.

**A:** Will happen in quick succession. You need to concentrate on straightening your personal situation.

**Q:** (P) What does that mean? (L) It means that until you can do something else, concentrate on that.

**A:** Mercury retrograde favors continuances, not beginnings.

**Q:** (P) I would like to know about the apparitions of the Virgin Mary at Conyers, GA, as well as this book "Mary's Message to the World" and all the other messages about the End Times that are coming out all over?

**A:** The forces at work here are far too clever to be accurately anticipated so easily. You never know what twists and turns will follow, and they are aware of prophetic and philosophical patternings and usually shift course to fool and discourage those who believe in fixed futures.

**Q:** (L) (L) Anything further for tonight?

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

