## February 17, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) We have several questions on the list I would like to get to before anyone else gets here. Actually, SV has some questions about her investing strategy.

**A:** Who are we?

**Q:** (L) I'm sorry. Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Piliannah.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now that we are connected...

**A:** Ask specific questions.

**Q:** (L) In rereading the session on the economy and investing and so forth, I was wondering if we are, at least, on schedule or the right track?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) One thing noted was, 'if you play by the rules, you cannot survive, if you don't play by the rules, you will do quite well, indeed.' What specific rules do you mean?

**A:** Vague. Review the text.

**Q:** (L) Well, one of the rules was 'working very hard and earning your bread by the sweat of your brow.' You said that was trap number one...

**A:** No, working for someone else; not how "hard" one does it.

**Q:** (L) The other thing was about investing. You said that storing it in banks was useless, and you suggested to invest...

**A:** These were suggestions, not limitations.

**Q:** (L) You also suggested publishing...

**A:** We suggested you ask directly to be published.

**Q:** (L) I talked to Val, and he has apparently become enamored of Drunvalo Melchizidek, and Frank De Marco bounced back the material.

**A:** That is two only, and of neither did you ask directly and with humility. Remember, sophistication and the upkeep of an appearance of "stature or professionalism" are to be avoided here! Forget "images," and concentrate on intent with sincerity. You are very skilled at "getting your point across," if you are sufficiently motivated to do so. Do not let self-importance interfere!

**Q:** (L) What are you talking about!?! Do you have any idea how much work I have done? How much I have sent out? The numbers of people?!

**A:** Just ask: Please publish this work.

**Q:** (L) I do not think you are grasping the situation here! There are two choices: a publishing house that pays you or a publishing house YOU pay!

**A:** You have not contacted all sources.

**Q:** (L) Of course I haven't contacted ALL!!! Do you have any idea how much money it costs to mail out that manuscript? There is no way I could possibly send it out to them all! You are being completely unrealistic for 3rd density here!

**A:** Then, network.

**Q:** (L) This is ridiculous! You don't know what you are talking about. You are in 6th density, this is 3rd density. (S) No, look at that computer. There are a lot of people who know other people. Surely somebody knows somebody who works for a publisher? (L) Sue, you aren't getting it... I have a file of rejection letters. Do you want to see them?

**A:** What text did you send?

**Q:** (L) Noah, it is the only thing that is in readable form.

**A:** Who says?

**Q:** (L) Well, for goodness sake, you ought to know that the transcripts are not suitable to send out to anyone in the chopped up and scattered shape they are in!

**A:** Avoid prejudice!

**Q:** (L) So, what you are talking about is sending out the transcripts of the sessions. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's not what I was talking about! If you guys know so much, how come you didn't know that?

**A:** We did.

**Q:** (L) Well, "tales are easy to sew, when the past is yours only to know!"

**A:** Good one!

**Q:** (L) Yeah, I got it from you!

**A:** If you ask to be published, you will be published! Also, we suggest it not be piecemeal, but all inclusive! And use your networking skills.

**Q:** (S) Look at how many people write to you asking questions...

**A:** It need not be further "organized." We have done that for you. Just have faith!!!! We have told you, we do not give false advice.

**Q:** (L) I am confused here.

**A:** Then inquire.

**Q:** (L) We were thinking that putting out the magazine with PZ was the way to go. And, all the other things that could go in there... Is that a vain assumption?

**A:** Things, maybe, but not a book. Magazine is "cool," but not the book. Publish the book elsewhere!

**Q:** (L) Well, since you could give me the name of a chiropractor, why can't you give me the name of a publisher?

**A:** Because it violates learning directive. But note: it is close at "hand."

**Q:** (L) I don't get it.

**A:** What do you spend so much "time" doing with your hands?

**Q:** (L) I type... letters to people on the net...

**A:** Light bulb?

**Q:** (S) Bright idea! (L) No, it has to be more complicated than that.

**A:** Look for a directory of publishers, and their mail addresses, for example.

**Q:** (L) Well, I have had enough on that subject. That's enough.

**A:** No, it is not!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I look for a directory of publishers... then what?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Anything else?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (L) Well, how will I know the right one when I find them? I can't just send it out all over the place!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What else is there?

**A:** Much else... You know how you like treasure hunts, Laura?!? Then learn to like this one.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is the next clue in this treasure hunt?

**A:** Network!!! Do you yet understand what we mean when we say that? Yet?

**Q:** (L) I guess that means that you share information on the net?

**A:** Yes. And... Read John Naisbitt. We have direct communications with him, too!

**Q:** (L) Who is he?

**A:** "Megatrends."

**Q:** (L) Oh, I have the book. Are you telling me that you communicate with him?

**A:** Yes. Now, read chapter headings!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay: 'Industrial Society to an Information Society.' 'Force Technology, to High Tech,' 'National Economy to World Economy,' 'Short Term to Long Term,' 'Centralization to Decentralization,' 'Institutional Help to Self Help,' 'Hierarchies to Networking,' etc... Page 211, interesting numbers. Okay, anything else you want to add?

**A:** In your "spare time," read and absorb, and look for the clues there. This will allow you to use your resources more efficiently, thus quickly achieving goals.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (F) With an open mind. No prejudice!

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (L) Can I ask my other questions? Some people on the net want me to ask about this HAARP thing... seems to be some sort of antennae thing...

**A:** Disguise for something else.

**Q:** (L) What is that something else?

**A:** Project to apply EM wave theories to the transference of perimeters.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** If utilised as designed, will allow for controlled invisibility and easy movement between density levels on surface of planet as well as subterranially.

**Q:** (L) Who is in charge of building this thing?

**A:** More than one entity.

**Q:** (L) What groups?

**A:** INVELCO is one guise as well as UNICON and banking interest.

**Q:** (L) Who is in disguise as INVELCO and UNICON? Are they just dummy companies for cover?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us if this is a human organization or aliens, or a combination?

**A:** Human at surface level.

**Q:** (L) Whose idea was this project?

**A:** Not applicable.

**Q:** (L) Is there more you can tell us about this?

**A:** It has nothing to do with weather or climate. These things are emanating from 4th density, as we have told you before.

**Q:** (L) Is this something like a Transdimensional Atomic Remolecularizer?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it something like what you said about the whole South West going into 4th density?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, HAARP has nothing to do with the weather?

**A:** And also EM associated with same as reported.

**Q:** (L) So, when is this HAARP thing scheduled to go into operation?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is it currently in operation?

**A:** Experimental.

**Q:** (L) How long have they been working on this thing?

**A:** Since the 1920s.

**Q:** (L) What?! The 1920s?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that certainly is strange. Change gears. I read the other day about an association between UFOs and breaking things. Is there?

**A:** Some, yes.

**Q:** (L) In the experiences that I had myself, where a lot of things either broke in some strange relation to me, or disappeared, and specifically the incident when CG and I were coming back from North Carolina and the window in the car exploded, were any of these events related to UFO activity?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Well, CG wanted me to ask about the trip. Could you comment on that?

**A:** Maybe you should continue to probe CG to see what other experiences she has had, and why? There is much hidden there.

**Q:** (L) Well, I recounted to her the flash of memory I had of the incident that happened back in 1987 when I woke up and the house was surrounded by a super bright light. My first thought was that there was a whole bunch of trucks and cars surrounding the house with their lights shining on it, that it was people my husband knew, therefore he should handle it. I thought it was a joke and decided that I didn't need to worry about it. Later I woke up, reversed in the bed, the bottom half of my gown was wet, and instead of going nuts about this, I crawled out of the bed, which was against a wall, and turned around and crawled back in and went to sleep. I told this to Chloe, and pointed out to her how exceedingly crazy a thing it was. To know that there was all this light shining on your house, and to just go back to sleep, and then to wake up in such an odd condition, and think nothing of it... just sweep it under the rug. This happened around the same time the things were breaking. What happened?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well, it could have been a dream. It could just be a very lucid dream.

**A:** Seems dreams do tend to reverse one's position on the bed, as a general rule, don't they?

**Q:** (L) Well, no need to be funny. The fact that my physical body was reversed and I was wet would indicate an actual physical abduction, I guess.

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (L) Well, haven't you said that actual physical abductions are somewhat rare?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That was when my hands started going numb, the horrible headaches began...

**A:** Probe CG, to see what things she is repressing.

**Q:** (L) She did tell me that she was beginning to see some things... We will leave that. On the news the other night, there was a new type of AIDS reported. Where did it come from?

**A:** Mutation of virus.

**Q:** (L) The story is that it came from Thailand, is this true?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is it already in the U.S?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, it is supposed to be 8 times more contagious...

**A:** But still transmitted in the same mode.

**Q:** (L) Is AIDS transmissible by, for example, insects?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) By any means other than what is taught?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How many people have died of true AIDS in the U.S.?

**A:** 189,000

**Q:** (L) How many people have it at present?

**A:** Approx 1 million are HIV positive. Only 39 per cent will ever develop AIDS.

**Q:** (L) Anything that I ought to have asked that I did not? Can you tell me anything that will help?

**A:** Proceed with caution, as publishing soon to "explode."

**Q:** (L) We do have this online 'chat' with Mike Lindemann on ISCNI tomorrow night. Any advice?

**A:** Keep to the point, use simple English, avoid excessive verbiage, or concepts not universally understood, unless accompanied by an adequate explanation.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I guess we just press on with the networking and the magazine for now... hope it creates some cash flow because all that paper and printing is costing me an arm and a leg!

**A:** Soon to be solved!!

**Q:** (L) Well, I need to know if I am pouring money into a useless project here!

**A:** No you don't! Discovery is fun!

**Q:** (L) Is anything unusual going to happen at the conference next month?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (L) Thank you and good night.

**A:** Good Night.

END OF SESSION

