## August 31, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry & Jan, V

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Kiork

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody have any questions this evening? (V) Yes, I do. What should I do for this rash? Could you please give me some insight? It feels like I have a chemical burn on my face, and my skin is itching.

**A:** So why is this?

**Q:** (V) I'm thinking it's because of hormones, the reaction to...

**A:** No. No.

**Q:** (V) Why does it only happen to...

**A:** Guess again, and remember, learning is necessary for growth.

**Q:** (V) Well, I notice it happening within the last few months right before I cycle... That's why I guessed that it's due to hormonal fluctuations.

**A:** And what are your usual practices around the cycling?

**Q:** (L) This is getting a little personal, V\_\_\_! You shouldn't have asked this one! (T) It's something you're doing... (J) Yes, what are you doing? That is what I was going to ask! (V) Well...

**A:** OK Laura, hand on, thank you, now, rashes are usually an evidence of toxicity...

**Q:** (V) From a food source?

**A:** We asked you.

**Q:** (L) So V\_\_\_\_ has some toxicity in her system, and we're fairly certain it's not pot, because she's not smoking it any more... (V) And it's not alcohol, I'm not drinking. (T) Do you get any particular craving for any kind of food that you don't normally eat? (V) That's the thing! I eat chocolate all the time, I drink soda all the time... (T) Is it a food type that's interacting?

**A:** But your "cycles" are not "all the time."

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, things that you eat at that time of the month will affect you negatively... then you need to experiment with it. Is that the solution here, that there's something here that she's taking in that ordinarily doesn't bother her...

**A:** Well, we alluded to "practices," did we not?

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that you do at that particular time of the month that you don't do...

**Q:** (V) (Embarrassed) You guys! Well, I guess... (J) You need to look at what you're doing at that time, and... (L) Just kind of eliminate some things, eat very simply and plainly, and be very careful with your system, physically, mentally and emotionally and spiritually, at that time of the month. (T) You know, just change your whole lifestyle! (Laughter) (L) OK, ok, have you heard enough yet, V\_\_\_\_? (T) And stay out of San Francisco, too! (L) Let me ask real quick, on another health issue, last week you told me that I should swim circular laps. Is there some particular advantage to these circular laps, as opposed to back and forth across laps?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you going to tell me what the advantage is?

**A:** Try it.

**Q:** (L) Well, I intend to. (T) Circles. It's spinning. It's the same idea. 33 circles... (L) They told me to do a 100 a day. (V) Not only that, it's a continuous motion. If you go from one end to the other, you have to stop... (J) You're breaking... exactly, that's true. (T) It's one continuous motion all the time. (L) Well I want to take the time to tell you guys that I really appreciate the tiny bit of advice you guys gave me last week; it certainly didn't turn out as I expected...

**A:** Tiny?!?!?

**Q:** (L) Well it was really, reaaly quite outstanding, and it had quite outstanding results. I'm impressed all to heck and back, so... I don't know what to say... (T) Genuflect! (L) Yes! Several times! So, anything further on that?

**A:** Any more questions of faith?

**Q:** (L) No, I don't think so! I think I'd be crazy if I had any! (T) I think you've gotten more than enough feedback on that. (L) Very quickly, let me ask for A (daughter). We have been discussing whether she should, or should not, go to school. I support her either way. There are valid reasons for both. She asked me to ask you guys if you would give her a little guidance on the school issue, and she is open to anything that you may suggest.

**A:** Hmmm... This one is difficult because there'll be regrets either way.

**Q:** (L) I know, and my thought is that she should go ahead and go, simply because of the fact that she is so moody a person, that it will make her, by her own willing herself to do it, to get out there and be active and interact with other people, and keep her out of the dumps. That's my feeling about it. She needs to get out of the dumps. (T) She needs to interact with people her own age. (L) Yes...

**A:** Her "dumps" are not caused by that.

**Q:** (L) What are they caused by?

**A:** Her secrets.

**Q:** (L) And what are her secrets?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (T) That you have to talk to her about. (L) Anybody got any clues? (J) How old is she? (L) 15. (J) She's 15. It could be anything! (T) She's probably jealous of her sister. (L,J&V) No!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do these secrets have to do with physical things?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Are they secrets about the way she thinks or feels?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Are they secrets about things she's done?

**A:** Not much.

**Q:** (L) Are they secrets from past lives?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (T) She's very sensitive, as in psychic sensitive... (L) Does she need spirit release? (T) Is the interaction with the other people, is she picking up on all their feelings and thoughts and ideas, and it's making her very, very uncomfortable?

**A:** Have you not travelled that path to your satisfaction yet?!?

**Q:** (L) Well, that was kind of obscure! (V) Didn't you have secrets when you were a teenager?

**A:** Spirit release.

**Q:** (L) She needs spirit release... (T) No, they mean haven't you travelled that path already? You're not doing spirit release any more, remember? She doesn't need that, no. (L) Yes, everybody's got to do their own... (T) Is she reacting to the divorce? (V) That's what I was thinking. (T) That's got to be hard on her... (V) Aren't secrets just a part of growing up? A natural part of growing up? (J) She's 15, remember.

**A:** No not for everyone. Secrets.

**Q:** (J) She's 15, and she's got secrets...

**A:** No, no, no. Secrets are not for everyone to have and to keep.

**Q:** (L) Is this a seriously disturbing secret, or series of secrets, or...

**A:** Ask A\_ how many secrets she keeps.

**Q:** (L) OK, let's drop it. What's next? (T) The last few where they've led off have led to some very interesting things. (L) Go ahead. (T) Would you all like to start the ball rolling here this evening and point us in a direction you'd like us to go?

**A:** No, you point.

**Q:** (L) Question, this may take us somewhere. I noticed when I was redoing these transcripts for Ark to read that when we were discussing the origin of the Celts, that the question was asked, by me, were they in any way superior to the indigenous people of this planet? And the remark was, that they were sturdier in some way. And then I commented that they didn't appear to be sturdier than, say, some of the big Black people, because Celts are very fair, and very thin-skinned looking, and very delicate. It just seemed to me to be kind of an odd remark to make. However, the response that I received, which I didn't pick up on at the time, which blew me out of the water, was that they were sturdier, but not necessarily on the surface of the planet... (J) No, they didn't say on the surface of the planet. They just said, on the surface. (L) On the surface... Uh huh. So, does that surface mean surface of their appearance, or does that surface mean surface as in underground? That's my question.

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Now, in talking about these large underground cities or enclaves that we've talked about on a couple of occasions, it has been said that these beings come and actually may take human babies. I mean , this is like fairy lore, legends, of different kinds of creatures that come and steal people's babies, and they go and live underground, and sometimes, one or another will escape. Is this what we're talking about here? These kinds of situations, these underground cities and caves and civilizations and so forth?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) Well, I know it's vague... (T) Are the Celts part of these underground civilizations?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And they came to the surface some time ago...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No, they came here, and they were taken underground...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No, well, what's the story?

**A:** Went.

**Q:** (L) They went underground? Is that it? (T) When did they go underground?

**A:** Several occasions, the most recent being, on your calendar: 1941 through 1945.

**Q:** (L) That's when they went underground? 1941 through 1945?

**A:** Last episode of mass migration, mostly Deutschlanders.

**Q:** (T) Underground. We're talking underground, as in under the surface of the earth. Is this what we're talking about?

**A:** Antarctica. Under there.

**Q:** (T) Under Antarctica, under... Oh, in one of the big... OOOhhh!

**A:** Entry port.

**Q:** (T) They went underground in Antarctica, they built a large underground base there, this is where the Germans, as in the Nazi Germans, claimed as Vineland, I think it is, where the older maps that show Antarctica, where the Germans, claimed as Vineland, I think it is, where the older maps that show Antarctica, where the German territory was claimed, it's in that section that's south of...

**A:** Yes, but they entered through their constructed base, as instructed, then were assimilated.

**Q:** (L) They were assimilated into the population already existent? Underground cities, underground bases?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, they didn't build them, they entered into them as instructed, and were assimilated into the population?

**A:** They did build a base.

**Q:** (T) Well, they'd have to keep expanding! Now, you said instructed... (L) Instructed by whom? (T) They were instructed to go there?

**A:** Those identifying themselves as "Antareans."

**Q:** (L) And who are the Antareans?

**A:** STS Humanoid Orion linkage.

**Q:** (L) What is an STS Orion Linkage? (T) That's the... (L) We have a new concept here. (T) They would be... the... the...the... (V) Mutant Race! (T) Yes! Those that were part of the creation...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is an STS Humanoid Orion linkage?

[Part of tape seems to be missing here, questions in [brackets] are reconstruction]

**A:** An STS race from Orion that is humanoid.

**Q:** [something about who or how they got hooked up with the Nazis. Probably a question related to the group that "handled" Hitler.]

**A:** The Thule Society originated contact.

**Q:** [something about them "waiting to take over the world"]

**A:** Waiting?

**Q:** [Terry's question about what Admiral Byrd may have seen over the pole.]

**A:** Yes, but he was led to believe he was chasing what amounted to merely an encampment of detached Nazis.

**Q:** [So Byrd must have SEEN something and was then led off the track...]

**A:** Yes

[Tape resumes here.]

**Q:** (T) ...the U.S. just assumed, and Churchill, between the two of them, was it Roosevelt and Churchill? They didn't even tell the Russians too much about what they were doing down there. They just assumed that this was a base, another one of their underground bases that was manned by the Nazis, but there wasn't anything that they could do, because they were too far away, and we were keeping them out of the war. So, there wasn't much that they could send back. So, they let them come in, and figured they were stranded. They've been coming back out...

(V) Are they coming back out now in the shape of the White Supremacists that are like popping up all over the place?

(T) They've been coming and going all along. Admiral Byrd was sent down there, supposedly to go to the South Pole, the first Admiral Byrd expedition to the South Pole; but he took a large military force with him. He was still a U.S. Admiral at the time. The large military force encountered resistance and got their asses whupped real good down there. But, they kept it real quiet, because nobody knew what was really going on down there. So, they just said, oh, it was a scientific expedition. It was really Captain Picard and the Enterprise going to find a new planet! And in reality, what they'd done was to go down there to root out this base out after the war, and they didn't do real well at all!

(J) Bit off more than they could chew.

(T) They lost a whole lot of people and a whole lot of ships, and a lot of equipment down there. That's why all these bases ring around the outside, all the scientific bases from different countries; Russia, the U.S., Great Britain, all these countries have these scientific bases all along the outer edge of the Antarctic. They're scientific, they use them for study, but they are there to monitor what's going on, that's why they don't go into the Antarctic [interior].

(V) You know, my father was a SeeBee down there.

(T) I'll bet he has some very interesting stories about it.

(V) That's why my father is an alcoholic and can't see straight.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What do these guys plan on doing?

**A:** This is where "The Master Race" is being developed.

**Q:** (L) And what is the timeframe they have planned for this activity?

**A:** Never mind.

**Q:** (L) Is Ark going to be able to help us with technology, to help other people, or to protect ourselves in some way? In this really bizarre stuff going on here on our planet?

**A:** Too much, too soon, my dear. Curiosity killed the cat.

**Q:** (L) Well, satisfaction brought him back!

**A:** Not in this case!!!

**Q:** (T) You've got to let this go along. It's picking up momentum every day, it seems. So, just let it roll along and let it see where it goes. (L) All right, lets... (T) He's coming to protect you. That's what he said.

**A:** Maybe, but there is so, so, so much more in store than that!!!!!!

**Q:** (L) Stop!... Is that an ominous, 'maybe, but there's so, so, so much more in store?' Or is that a positive, there is so, so, so much more in store?

**A:** Why would you think it ominous?

**Q:** (L) Well I don't know.. because I'm scared of what I don't know! (T) Faith, we're back to faith again.

**A:** What have we helped you to discover so far? Would you rather discontinue this operation?

**Q:** (L) Oh, hell no! (T) After two years, you know she's always going to ask those kinds of questions!

**A:** Not two years, eternity.

**Q:** (L) Did I just get zinged? (T) No. No. Mirth! (J) Yes, we haven't had mirth in a while! (T) Just a little mirth there!

**A:** We have helped you build your staircase one step at a time. Because you asked for it. And you asked for it because it was your destiny. We have put you in contact with those of rare ability in order for you to be able to communicate with us. Again, because you desired it, in order to realize your path. By now, you should recognize the signs... Those who display thinking patterns which in many ways deviate from that which is considered ordinary. The more unusual, the more telling. They have past lives on 3rd density earth, but not recently, but for this one. And they are not oriented to the earth frequency vibrations.

[Group discussion ensued on the last response.]

**Q:** (T) ...It is destiny for you to find out what your path was, you had to make this contact, because it was what you were supposed to do. (L) Are we not talking about Frank in terms of being put in contact with someone who enables me to communicate with you, so you can put me on my path, which is building the staircase, etc, etc. ? Is that not what we've got going here?

**A:** He is one, but not the only one, just the one who awakened your sense of recognition.

**Q:** (L) I know this is probably not the time to ask this question; this is the kind of discover, open find out, open that kind of thing, but it seems to me almost that you are leading up to say something, so maybe I can help you along by asking, what is this staircase, what is this destiny?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) I knew it was coming! (T) Why don't we ask who else is involved. (L) You ask, I'm trying to... (T) Well, if Frank is one, who else is involved?

**A:** We have given the signs, but they are not necessarily the same with each individual.

**Q:** (L) Well, I know it's kind of a bizarre idea, but... (T) Let me ask this. All this work you've been doing, all this nurturing you've been doing, is Laura a keystone to whole project that you're working on?

**A:** We suggest you avoid anticipatory exercises, as realization comes after the fact.

**Q:** [Frank complains because Laura keeps taking her hand off the planchette and resting it in her lap because of recent pain issues.] (L) Well, I'm in pain, Frank, it's hard for me to sit here at all! Appreciate the fact that I'm in pain.

**A:** Appreciate the fact that you have been given the keys to end all this pain.

[Laura's note: Here, refer to session 27 July 1996 where the Cs made the odd remark about keys.]

**Q:** (L) When you say, 'end all this pain,' it sounds a little more inclusive than just my shoulder hurting! I mean, that sounds rather suggestive.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) To end all this pain...

**A:** It all goes hand in hand.

**Q:** (T) Yuppers! (L) Well, that's... that's scary! (T) Why? What's scary? It shouldn't be scary, it should be... it should be... (L) Well, you know what I mean! My poor little pitiful conscious mind thinks it's scary! Maybe some other part of me likes it. (T) It should be, um, satisfying to know that! It all goes together. (V) I wonder if hand-in-hand is literal... (L) Uh huh. And that was the big key word, all day long... hand-in-hand, give me your hand, (V) Today? (L) Yes, we're going here, we're going there, we're going to do this, we're going to do that. (J) Ark? (L) Yes. (J) So, do you have the keys to end all this pain? (T) Now, all we have to do, is find the keyring! (L) No, no, no! We have to find the lock! Terry, the lock! We've got to find that sucker! I mean, so what, we've got the keys? What are we going to put them in? (T) Yes, indeed! We've got the keys! What do we use them on? (J) Where's the door? And where does it go... well, maybe not... (T) Gotta find that door. We'll ask where it goes after we get the door open! (J) Noooo! Let's ask before!! (T) Watch out for the chasm beyond the door!

**A:** Maybe you should swim your self silly.

**Q:** (T) Start doing laps! 100 every day. (L) Who is going to do them with me? (V) I will! (L) All right! You're on! How about tonight? (V) All right, except for every other Tuesday. (T) Every other Tuesday you have to swim by yourself. (V) What if I have a date? (L) No dates!

**A:** Your discipline may be a problem...

**Q:** (L) I do have discipline problems... (V) 'You Vill Svim' (L) Who is going to come and crack the whip over me, make me get in the pool? (T) Be careful, they were already over the house once! (J) Be careful what you ask for! (V) I was thinking of walking in the pool, to help my hip... (L) It does, walking in the pool is very good. (V) Will walking in the pool help my hip get back into where it's supposed to be? Or swimming, for that matter?

**A:** OK.

**Q:** (L) So I'm supposed to swim myself silly... (T) And then laugh a lot... when you get silly. And have fun with it. (L) All right guys... (T) Swim the hundred laps because you want to, not because you have to.

**A:** You cannot imagine the relief less poundage will bring to you.

**Q:** (L) Well, same to you, fella! Well, let me ask this. Is this swimming in circles going to make it go faster?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, ok, we'll go for it, because I'll tell you what, I'm starving myself to death, and we're not having any movement here the last week or two. (V) Starving yourself to death is only going to lead to ill health. (L) Does anybody have any more questions? Because I'm absolutely miserable here [arm pain]. All right, let's say goodnight. Is there anything you want to impart to us? In your past for us to move towards the future before we shut down for the night?

**A:** You need to be vigilant in your queries. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

