## June 1, 1996
Frank, Laura, SV

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Viror.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Frank and I would like to have a comment on our dispute.

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (F) I don't know what to ask. (L) Well, Frank says that violence is NEVER an appropriate response to words no matter how hurtful the words may be.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) I say that under some circumstances, it may be the only response.

**A:** Why do you say that?

**Q:** (L) Because there do exist situations where words are used repeatedly to harm another. One example is the Nazi propaganda machine. If someone had shot Goebbels, it might have saved a lot of people from dying.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, of course. There would have been someone else. Still, the point is, words can be used to destroy, and words of power can be used to kill. Sometimes words can be a lot more hurtful to the soul than physical acts.

**A:** Not directly.

**Q:** (L) Well, directly, or indirectly, it still amounts to the same thing.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, I know you are not going to agree with me.

**A:** This is a subject that demands further exploration, in order to bring about a definitive answer.

**Q:** (L) Go ahead. Explain it to me.

**A:** Words only have power if the receiver believes they do.

**Q:** (L) But, in many cases, that belief exists.

**A:** The power to control belief lies exclusively within the receiver.

**Q:** (L) Let me put it this way: Frank often says things that are not precisely soothing to the soul, to say the least. Most often, I ignore them. But, sometimes I am not in an ignoring mood, and my response is no more violent toward him than his toward me. I merely speak metaphorically. When I do, I am only saying "Stop doing that!" in a figurative way. But, he finds this to be as irritating to him as what he says that irritates me...

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) Well, that is about it. I have lately been verbally attacked by numerous individuals... so I am not in a mood to tolerate much in this line from those around me.

**A:** And if this irritates you, it is because you allow it to.

**Q:** (L) Fine and dandy. And it is true, and I know it. Which is why I am beginning to think that I ought to simply do nothing, because my feelings are too sensitive.

**A:** And do you really believe that that is an unalterable condition?

**Q:** (L) Well, why should I be the one who is obliged to become less sensitive, and other people are not obliged to become more thoughtful about what they say?

**A:** You cannot control others.

**Q:** (L) I don't want to control anyone. I am just saying that the obvious thing is for me to simply withdraw into my own little world of reading and thinking and writing, and if nothing ever comes of any of it, it is utterly immaterial to me.

**A:** That is your choice, but not a wise one!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, you say that, but it is, as several people have pointed out to me, only since we have begun this channeling project that all these dreadful things have happened in my life. My life is a shambles!

**A:** "Dreadful is subjective."

**Q:** (L) I would say that the physical things that have happened to me, the collapse of my marriage, the things that have happened to my children, are pretty damn dreadful, subjectively or otherwise!

**A:** Before these changes began to manifest, you were deeper into the "deadly illusion" than you are now. Emergence is, by its very nature, uncomfortable. But, it has and will, empower you, we promise!!!!!!!!

**Q:** (L) It is a very trying time now. I am having a difficult time just coping.

**A:** And there have been others, and will be others, but that does not mean that the rewards will be slight.

**Q:** (L) Well...

**A:** You are on a path of destiny, and there is no turning back now.

**Q:** (S) What happened in specific? (L) Well, I was trying to explain some of the material to several people, and the end result was that they decided that I was possessed and that the C's were evil because they say that we have to figure things out ourselves in order to graduate to the next level. Including my husband. [In short, I experienced a whole lot of verbal abuse.]

**A:** Why does this bother you? It does not bother us. They can all decide that we are the "Queens of Satan," if they wish. It is free will.

**Q:** (L) I don't like the implied hardness... I am not a hard person.

* **A:** It is not hardness. The "feelings" you describe are related to ego, and by relation, pride, two things that were deliberately implanted into the 3rd density human psyche by the 4th density STS 309,000 years ago, as you measure time. Refer to the transcripts with regard to DNA alteration and the occipital ridge. Believe it or not, you, Laura, will be rid of these, eventually. It is not what some individuals respond to you that matters. It is sharing the information that counts. Also, remember, these persons do not perceive your feelings and sensitivities as keenly as you do, nor do you perceive theirs, likewise.

**Q:** (L) There is someone who wants to ask some questions...

**A:** We are not finished with this subject. Also, it is important to note that, in most cases in which you have suffered "attack" from those on the internet, you were not directly conveying the information we have given to you. You were presenting thoughts that you claimed as your own, or knowledge that you have gathered strictly through your own efforts, thus, it was responded to in kind. This you must expect if you are going to plant the bulk of the credit upon yourself, then you open up yourself to direct criticism. This is not wise if you are not prepared for negative reactions. Third density beings will always perceive knowledge that is being given to them before they are ready to receive it as "preaching," and they resent this because of the very same ego related issues we discussed earlier. So, suggestion: better to frame knowledge transference with a preamble such as, "this is what was given to me, it is up to you to decide for yourself whether or not you are comfortable with accepting it, or not."

**Q:** (L) Well, that is NOT true, by ANY stretch of the imagination. I don't want to talk about it anymore with you. You are being completely wrong! Talk about assumptions!

END OF SESSION

Laura's note: I was very angry during this session because it was clear to me that Frank's perceptions and influence dominated. The last answer of the Cs where they said "You were presenting thoughts that you claimed as your own, or knowledge that you have gathered strictly through your own efforts" was absolutely not true. This session might relate back to the previous session (27 May 1996) where it was suggested that I ask Tom French to cancel his writing project about me and my work. It was becoming abundantly clear that Frank was extremely jealous of this and his jealousy came through not only in his verbal harassment of me, but also in the above session.

At the same time, the response marked with the asterisk above seems relatively clean and accurate based on subsequent learning and events.

