## December 14, 1996
Frank, Laura, Terry, Jan

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us?

**A:** Usarro.

**Q:** (L) And where are you from?

**A:** Cassiopaea. [Advice to Terry and Jan about upcoming Christmas trip]

**Q:** (L) Ok, and I have been doing a tape a day, I have been an extremely good girl. I just wanted to point that out to you guys. (T) Send Santa! (L) Yes! Send Santa! (J) Well, Santa already came! (L) Oh, I know, but we want millions of dollars here!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) We want 'Lotto Santa!' (T) Yes, the regular Santa doesn't bring those kinds of things!

**A:** Gotta hava lotto patience!

**Q:** [Groans at bad pun]

**A:** But, patience pays, yes?

**Q:** (L) Oh, yes it does. (T) Now, you've just got to find out what numbers to be patient with! (L) Got any numbers to be patient with? (J) Oh, you know they're not going to tell you that...! (T) ... 6 digits between one and 49. Take your pick, there's 13 million of them!

**Q:** (L) Along the lines of some of the things that I have been working on recently, I'd like to ask if there's any more information you can give to us about the hypnotic-opener- strobe effect, and what it is preventing us from seeing. Is this one of the things that keeps us from expanding into the next density, in terms of awareness?

**A:** Not related to that. You see, the souls that are affected by all these "cloaking" techniques are vibrating on a low level anyway. The point is to block those who are blockable.

**Q:** (T) We're not blockable? (L) Is there anything we can do to avoid this blocking? (T) We're not being blocked...

**A:** You are not blockable.

**Q:** (T) We are not being blocked. We're beyond the blocking.

**A:** If you were, would you be doing this?

**Q:** (T) That type of blocking technique doesn't work on us. There may be other blocking techniques, but that particular stuff doesn't work. We either see or don't see stuff, because we are either meant or not meant to see it. We don't see UFO's anymore, because we don't need to.

**A:** Not necessarily true.

**Q:** (L) OK, what is not necessarily true? Why don't we see them any more?

**A:** Don't does not equal won't. If a Buick does not go by, you don't see that, either! And if you are inside, doing the laundry when Mr. Jones decides to take the old "Electra" for a spin, you do not see him, or his precious car, do you?

**Q:** (L) I don't care, I've seen enough!

**A:** Oh, yes, you do care!!!

**Q:** (L) OK, yes, I care, but I've seen enough, I believe, I believe!!!

**A:** It is not up to you whether you want to see them or not. If they want you to see them, you will!

**Q:** (T) So, if they want us to see them, we'll see them!

**A:** Yes, and they will, and you will!

**Q:** (T) They will and we will... yes, but, there's a blocking technique being used on people to lower the vibrational frequency to prevent them from seeing them, right?

**A:** The blocking technique is for many things.

**Q:** (T) So that people do not understand what's going on around them.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What else?

**A:** That is it, in a nutshell. See and know and think or... See, know and think that which is desired.

**Q:** (L) Yes, and you know it's there. OK, let me jump over to this other subject of the number 33 and the number 11. Is there anything beyond what was given on 11-11-95, that you could add at this time, about any of the mathematics or the use of these numbers?

**A:** Prime numbers are the dwellings of the mystics.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean, "prime numbers are the dwellings of the mystics?"

**A:** Self-explanatory, if you use the tools given you.

**Q:** (L) How can a number be a dwelling?

**A:** Figure of speech. [Planchette spirals several times, vigorously] And how interesting that we have a new "cell" phone company called: "Primeco."

**Q:** (L) And how does a cell phone company called "Primeco" relate to prime numbers being dwellings of mystics?

**A:** Not for us to answer. [Word association by group: encryption, cells of monks, prisons, prime number divisible by one or self]

**Q:** (L) Is encryption the key?

**A:** Oh, there is so much here. One example is: "Snake eyes" is not so good as 7,11, eh?

**Q:** (T) They are all prime numbers, too; seven and eleven. (L) What kinds of documents or writings... or what would be applicable...

**A:** No, Laura you are trying to focus, or limit the concept, my dear. Think of it, what is the Judaic Christian legend for the creation of a woman?

**Q:** (L) That woman was taken from the rib of Adam. That Eve was created from the rib of Adam.

**A:** Ever heard of a "prime rib?"

**Q:** [Groans] (T) I hate being in kindergarten and not knowing what the subject is. Ok, prime rib. We have a prime rib, so...

**A:** What happens in a "Primary."

**Q:** (L) An election. You narrow down the candidates. What happens in a primary?

**A:** Who gets "picked" to run?

**Q:** (L) Ok, keep on...

**A:** "Prime Directive?"

**Q:** (L) OK.

**A:** "Prime time?"

**Q:** (L) The first, the best... and...

**A:** Not point

**Q:** (L) I know that's not the point! Is what we're saying here, is that we can use these prime numbers to derive something out of something else?

**A:** We told you about the mystics.

**Q:** (T) They're using prime numbers to... (L) Oh, ok, I get it. So, mystics... the mystics, the mystical secrets... dwell in the prime numbers if used as a code.

**A:** Name the primary mystical organizations for key to clue system.

**Q:** (L) ...key to clue system?

**A:** Yes.

[We named: Catholicism, Christianity, Judaism, Cabalism, Sufism, The Koran, Mysteries. Laura realized that she had just set aside the book "Understanding Mysticism," it was next to a book on Caballa on the bookcase in the room. Jesuits, Masons, Knights Templar, Rosicrucians]

**Q:** (L) All right. With our little list that we're making, are we on to something, or are we completely off track?

**A:** Yes, now check out those crop circles photos... any prime number combos there?

**Q:** (L) Do you mean in terms of dimension, or do you mean in composition?

**A:** Composition and dimensions... anything you can find. [Discussion: Sacred geometries, all sects listed use prime numbers. John 3:16-19, Corinthians 13. Genesis, Ch.2, verse 22 "rib taken from the man and made woman" - 2 is the only even prime number. Ch 3, v5..."your eyes shall be opened and ye shall be as the gods." (Eating from the Tree of Knowledge)]

**Q:** (T) ...to find a way of decoding it to get an answer, to get something, to get a message, to get something from it... (L) Are we thinking in any of the lines of something we ought to follow, or are we drifting?

**A:** All are lines you ought to follow. Now, look at the photos on the wall! [Referring to large photocopy of a number of crop circles we had pinned to the wall.]

**Q:** (L) OK, we're looking at them: point out something...

**A:** Count the large spheres in photo three.

**Q:** (L) There are seven.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what does that photo represent?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (T) OK, there are seven large circles; a large central one, and then six outer ones that are smaller. Each of the six smaller circles is connected to the larger circle by a shaft, or a line, or a conduit of some kind.

**A:** Add large and small spheres.

**Q:** (L) OK, there's seven. Add the large to the small and there's seven; add the little teeny ones, there's thirteen; and then even the little teeny-teeny, the little knobs on the ends, there would be six more, so that would be nineteen.

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (T) So, that's another prime: nineteen is a prime number. (L) OK, they're prime numbers. And... (T) Are they... just as an offshoot here, do the six circles, the first set surrounding the large circle, are those the sixth density attached to the seventh density?

**A:** No comment.

**Q:** (T) OK now, and then, outside of that are smaller spheres, each one connected one to the next, in a line. We're looking at prime numbers here. What are we looking at? We've got a central one, six outer: large, six outside of that: smaller, six outside of that: tiny... Could, and I'm just thinking off the top of my head here, nothing cast in concrete, is this a representation of... a sphere, getting smaller and smaller... going that way. Or, coming in, this way. Or that way and this way. Like the infinity mirrors...

**A:** If you three-dimensionalize.

**Q:** (L) It would be circles, like balls, like spheres. (T) Ohhh, it's an axis, an x-y-z axis! A three dimensional axis. Three-dimensionally, it would be like this [Holds up hand, forefinger pointed up, thumb pointed to himself, third finger at the horizontal] Larger, smaller, smaller... A three-dimensional axis. Are we going somewhere with this, or am I out in left field again?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) I'm going somewhere with this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Ahhhh, I now see this as a three-dimensional object as opposed to a flat circle.

**A:** Do that to the others too.

**Q:** (L) OK, we're trying to three-dimensionalize them. Now, tell us where we're supposed to be going here... (J) Well, this first one is a spiral going out... Or a DNA molecule... (T) There's got to be more to it...

**A:** You do not have to figure this all out tonight, just some food for thought.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything else for...

**A:** Ark may be able to three-dimensionalize by computer program already.

**Q:** (L) Yes, well, let us get back to this. The crop circles, as I understand, are related to the code or the mystical prime numbers, the mystical dwellings, and that somehow, putting all of these things together, these different pieces of this puzzle, from so many different directions, will enable us to perceive, or learn, or conceive something that will enable us to do something. Is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything more that we could look at on this subject tonight, because right now, I just need to think about it. You get so much, and you have to digest it. (J) Food for thought!

**A:** Well, you have enough to play with for now, so goodbye.

END OF SESSION

