## August 11, 1996
Frank, Terry & Jan

**Q:** Hello

**A:** Hoparb

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from tonight?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) I want to ask a real quick question first, and then just kind of leave everything else open for whatever else can happen. On several occasions with my conversations with Arkadiusz in Poland, and in Germany and in Florence, there have been some real serious computer problems. I would like to know if there is any connection between myself and these electronic failures?

**A:** If we answer this, you will not limit it to one question.

**Q:** (L) Do I have to limit it to one question? (J) You said you would..

**A:** You placed that restriction upon yourself: Its not nice to fool mother nature, or the Cassiopaeans!!

**Q:** (L) All right, well let it go until it runs out. Is there some energy interaction that's causing these electronic failures? Is there an indication of some...

**A:** Yes, and "it just ran out."

**Q:** (L) What just ran out? (T) The question string.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) You said you'd let it run out, and it just ran out! (J) They're playful tonight! (L) OOOH! So, yes, there's a connection, and that's all I get! (J) Hoisted upon your own petard, as they say! (T) Mirth! Mirth!

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** (L) Stinkers, stinkers! OK... (T) Shall we run like we did last week, and just let them...

**A:** You would have asked 29 questions about you and "Ark," and that is a "No-No."

**Q:** (T) Ah, but would she have asked the 64,000 dollar question in there somewhere?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (J) And what would the answer have been!?!? (laughter)

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) OK, we've been talking earlier this evening about intent, and of course, our own experiences with intent have really been pretty phenomenal. We've come to some kind of an idea that intent, when confirmed repeatedly, actually builds force. Is this a correct concept, and is there anything that you can add to it?

**A:** Only until anticipation muddies the picture... tricky one, huh?

**Q:** (L) Is anticipation the act of assuming you know how something is going to happen?

**A:** Follows realization, generally, and unfortunately for you, on 3rd density.

**Q:** (L) Is this a correct assessment of this process?

**A:** Both examples given are correct. You see, once anticipation enters the picture, the intent can no longer be STO.

**Q:** (L) Anticipation is desire for something for self. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, so it's OK to intend something, or to think in an intentional way, or to hope in an intentional way, for something that is to serve another, but anticipation defines it as a more personal thing.

**A:** And that brings realization.

**Q:** (L) So, desire to serve others, and to do something because it will help others, brings realization...

**A:** But, realization creates anticipation.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do we navigate this? I mean, this is like walking on a razor's edge. To control your mind to not anticipate, and yet, deal with realization, and yet, still maintain hope... (J) They said it was tricky... (L) This is, this is, um...

**A:** Mental exercises of denial, balanced with pure faith of a non-prejudicial kind.

**Q:** (L) OK, so, in other words, to just accept what is at the moment, appreciate it as it is at the moment, and have faith that the universe and things will happen the way they are supposed to happen, without placing any expectation on how that will be?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) This is, and I'm not asking about Ark, this is something that he has talked about in terms of shaping the future. He talks about shaping the future as an intentional act of shaping something good, but without defining the moment of measurement. In other words, adding energy to it by intent, but not deciding where, when or how the moment of measurement occurs. When the quantum jump occurs, it occurs on it's own, and in it's own way. Is this the concept he's dealing with here?

**A:** Anticipation.

**Q:** (L) In other words, is what he's talking about anticipation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what do you mean, anticipation in response to what I said?

**A:** That is the key to shaping the future... Avoiding it.

**Q:** (T) OK, because we're not anticipating in what we're doing...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What we're doing is not anticipatory, it's just happening. We were talking about it on the way up, that with interactions with others, we are facilitating, we are creating reality. This is what they all say about reality.

**A:** When it hits you, it stops.

**Q:** (L) When what hits you? (J) The realization. (T) The fact that it's happening.

**A:** Yes unless you cancel out all anticipation.

**Q:** (L) Well, this is very tricky. (J) Well, hang on a second, I have a kind of a corollary question. The way I perceive what has happened with us in the campaign against the microwave towers; the article in the Times, and the editorial, and speaking to the people... The way I view it is that when things like that happen, I look at them, and the synchronicities tell me that I am on the right path. Is that a true statement, that they are an indication that I'm going in the right direction?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (T) It's a road sign, an indicator. (J) OK, thank you! That's good, it's an indicator. (L) OK, shaping the future... (J) In what way is it not? The answer was semi; part of it is true...

**A:** We have told you.

**Q:** (L) Well then it seems to me, excuse me in this one, it seems to me that Ark may understand this one better than I do.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That's all I wanted to know. (J) So, let him teach you! (T) He'll teach you what you need to learn from him, and you'll teach him what he needs to learn from you! And as a result, you'll both gain!

**A:** Imbalanced upon the former.

**Q:** (L) What was the former? (T) He can teach you more, maybe, than you can teach him? Because he's farther along? Is this correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) This guy is, like, out there! (T) This is good! (L) Now, this is a funny little thing, I just want to bring this up. MM called and told me that she had a vision that when Ark arrives, that the Cassiopaean transmissions will cease, that somehow he is some deep, dark, evil person who will cause everything to just fly apart...

**A:** Baloney!

**Q:** (L) Thank you for that! That was so succinct! That's what I thought myself, but I just thought I'd throw it in there! (J) That's her anticipation! (L) Well, that's what she'd like! (T) Does MM's camera show real Kirlian fields and all that stuff? Is it actually showing the truth?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (L) Well, it showed a damn interesting thing when she took a picture of this board! (T) Ah, but is it the truth? (L) Well, they said it was! (T) They did? (L) They told us, 'What you are seeing is the actual light picture of a conduit.'

**A:** Do you think, Terry, that all things are either "black" or "White?"

**Q:** (T) Not in those photos! No, I'm only asking because I feel that the pictures are not only influenced by the subject in front of the camera, but also by the subject behind the camera. [Discussion ensued about workings of cameras] (L) OK, is it true that if we were to bring an ordinary camera in here, that we would be able to get some interesting photos from our interaction? (T) I think that would be an 'open' or a 'maybe.'

**A:** No, it would be a "discover".

**Q:** (L) That was your third choice! (T) Thank you!

**A:** Too much bibble/babble.

**Q:** (L) OK, then we'll stop bibble-babbling, then! [Planchette began a series of large spirals]

**A:** Crank away!

**Q:** (T) OK, this is one I wanted to ask last week, and couldn't figure out how to phrase it. I'm not sure now, but I'll just plunge ahead. I got a copy of 'Awakening to the Zero Point', by Greg Baron, while we were in Atlanta, and I've read through it. He had a lot to say about the sacred geometries, and especially the circle, and the sphere. A while back we were talking with you about this, and we got to a certain point, and got totally lost. We all kind of put it off to the side for the time being. Is what this fellow has to say in his book about the sacred geometries, and the sphere, is he on to what's going on here, is this what you were talking about?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this. Is there any word that you can give us as a word association as to why my pool pump has decided to die, so that my pool is sitting there green, making me ill?

**A:** How about metal fatigue?

**Q:** (L) So, the pump is gone, it has nothing to do with any... (T) You didn't do that one! (L) God, I hope not! (T) I was going to say a word... how about chlorine? (J) Sometimes, what is, is...

**A:** Sometimes circumstances are just ordinary, 3rd density boring, everyday "stuff."

**Q:** (L) Well, I just wanted to make sure that it was not symbolic of [anything negative in the environment]! (T) Is there any direction you'd like to see us move in tonight?

**A:** How about the good old fashioned standby: UFOs and aliens? That is always a fun one!

**Q:** (L) OK, I've got a question on that. Chloe called today, and in her conversation about the Ra material, she asked me, was I aware that in the Ra material, they designated Cassiopaea as the residence of some real negative, icky, Orion-type STS aliens. Can you make a comment on these [aliens]?

A:?

**Q:** (L) Also, the picture of the mantid-type beings in that document that I lent to Shawn has these beings designated as Cassiopaeans. Who are these Cassiopaeans? (T) Before they answer, can I make a comment here? There is no star called Cassiopaea on our star charts. (L) Oh, I know... (T) It's a constellation. So for her to read this in the Ra material and go along with that there's a bunch of people called the Cassiopaeans who are horrible people on a planet someplace called Cassiopaea, there is no place called that. So there can't actually be anyone called Cassiopaeans because there is no Cassiopaea. (L) OK, can we get commentary on this?

**A:** Sounds good to us!

**Q:** (L) Where do the mantid-type beings come from? The ones that we're aware of?

**A:** The ones you are speaking of come from active human imaginations!

**Q:** (L) Are there mantid-type aliens that we're not aware of?

**A:** Yes, there is damn near everything that you are not aware of!

**Q:** (T) As you said, are there mantids that we are unaware of, and they told us there's damn near everything we're unaware of! It's a big universe! (L) In other words, our awareness is...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L)... extremely limited, from what I've been able to figure out. (T) They told us that in a couple of years, we have 2% now, it will grow to 30 to 40% of the knowledge of the smartest people on the planet, not the universe.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, what we can know in this level is just like dipping a needle in the ocean and the wetness of the needle is what we know compared to the ocean. (T) Big time! (L) Yes, this is not good! (T) We know one cigarette butt out of the whole tobacco crop!

**A:** That was a good one!

**Q:** (T) What did they say previously about the mantid beings? (J) 'The ones you are speaking of come from active human imaginations.'

**A:** Cassiopaean variety.

**Q:** (L) Oh, the Cassiopaean variety is the product of an overactive imagination. OK, since the Ra material is considered to be a kind of primer to the Cassiopaean material, could you give us a percentage on the accuracy of this material?

**A:** 63

**Q:** (L) 63%, Well, that's pretty good, considering... (J) It's not bad... (T) A lot of it's very good stuff... (L) Can you talk to us a little bit about the concept of Wanderers? Is the Ra concept of Wanderers a valid...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, is there anything about Wanderers that you can tell us, that would help us to identify them?

**A:** Specifics, please.

**Q:** (L) OK, is it a correct point of reference that Wanderers are individuals who feel alienated in the world system?

**A:** Yes but they can partially adapt.

**Q:** (L) OK, do they also sometimes have physical...

**A:** Revulsion to physicality.

**Q:** (T) Revulsion to physicality? They don't like physicality? But they're here! (J) Just because they're here, they don't have to like it! (L) OK, is that always a clue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Anything else about them that... (J) Wait, I have another question. Revulsion to physicality, does that refer to a dislike of the fact that in 3rd density is all physical, and it's fixed, as opposed to upper densities, where there's variability?

**A:** 3rd density is not "all" physical.

**Q:** (L) Well, there's spiritual... (J) I understand that, but the physical body itself, is fixed. (L) Well, I don't think that's what they're getting at... (J) That's what I'm asking. (L) I think that what they're getting at is like a fine division between somebody who focuses on physical sensation as opposed to spiritual or mental or emotional sensation as being the point of reference.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And this is something that I was reading in this book the other day, that he talks about, the body is animal, and the soul is spirit. He says that animal people just seek animal experiences, and they glorify them, and they stimulate their physical emotions.

**A:** 3rd density natives tend to concentrate and, to an extent, revel, in the physical.

**Q:** (T) And boy, they're reveling right now! (L) Yes. (T) There's major reveling going on. And it's intensifying every day. (J) I think the point that I was trying to make was having to stay in 3rd density, would they miss the variability of physicality? (L) Well, Wanderers, remember, are 6th density beings.

**A:** The lack.

**Q:** (T) The lack of physicality?

**A:** Yes. Is missed.

**Q:** (L) They miss the lack of physicality. (J) Right. Exactly. OK, that was what I was getting at. I just didn't say it right.

**A:** Not so much "miss," as much as difficulty of adjustment.

**Q:** (J) Yes, like if you went blind, you'd miss being able to see, etc... (T) If you had the freedom of non-physicality, being limited, you'd miss the non-physical.

**Q:** (L) OK, what's the scoop on this Mars Rock? (T) That's kind of UFO-ish!

**A:** Vague as can be!

**Q:** (L) Is it the Mars Rock that's vague as can be, or is it my question?

**A:** Latter

**Q:** (L) OK, latter, my question. Is this rock from Mars?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How long have they known that rocks from Mars are on the planet?

**A:** 12 years.

Q:(T) About the same length of time it took them to analyze the soil samples that they got from Mariner probes. (L) OK, Why all of a sudden are they revealing, or releasing this information about this Mars Rock? In such a big and manipulative way? (T) You just said it!

**A:** You have already figured it out yourselves.

**Q:** (L) Well, Sheldon Nidle, the author of 'Becoming a Galactic Human'...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Not Sheldon and the Galactic Humans! (L) Well, I know they said no, but Sheldon has made an announcement which was put out on the Net...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, there's not going to be a massive UFO landing between August 29th and December 31st of this year? (T) Only if you go and see Independence Day!

**A:** No comment!

**Q:** (L) Well, I just... (T) That's what the press secretary says for Clinton: no comment! 'Can you describe this woman?' 'No comment!' (L) Is that so pusillanimous as to not deserve a comment? OK, well, so we won't have to worry about Sheldon Nidle's aliens coming and taking over... (T) They can come and take Sheldon away! (L) Well, OK, but is this Mars Rock, and is this opening of the doors concept, is this leading up to some definite, overt interaction with aliens? (T) They told us, we know it, yes!

**A:** Gradually.

**Q:** (T) That's what it's all about. They're opening it up, and they're going to take the money... If they want to go to Mars to look for civilizations and stuff, which they're going to lead up to, and back to the moon here, and all this, and they're going to make Hoagland feel really good, because he's right! They've already done that!

**A:** Notice how you heard nothing about the Mars Probes until the rock announcement?

**Q:** (T) This is the new stuff? (L) Is this right?

**A:** The excavation robot spacecraft. One Probe is already on its way, another to follow. No further explanation about "loss" of Mars Explorer.

**Q:** (L) What did happen to the Mars Explorer?

**A:** Blacked out. You see, 'Too risky.' And too much too soon, due to pressure from Hoagland and others.

**Q:** (T) My own opinion is that they've already been there, and they know what's there.

**A:** No. Microbes are easier to swallow than humans in togas!

**Q:** (T) Cleopatra and Antony are not going to go over real big this week! Especially with the Bible scholars. (F) And the scientists! (L) I want to throw in a quick one about this plane crash. Several people have written and asked me. We've discussed it ourselves. There's all of these plane crashes, with the possibility that we are actually in some state of conflict, and that we just don't know about it. It was suggested that they've been shot down by the Lizzies, or something along that line?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) OK, well, then forget it. OK... (T) Back to Mars. OK? (L) Forward to Mars.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) OK, you just mentioned that somebody from this planet already launched a Mars Probe. A new Mars Probe, that no one in public knows about. Because it's never been talked about. So, it's a secret probe. Who does it belong to?

**A:** Was secret US government.

**Q:** (T) Was it something that one of the Shuttle missions put out?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) When did it go up?

**A:** September of 1995.

**Q:** (T) Last September, a year ago. So, it's gone for a year. It takes it a year, two years to get there? Maybe not that long. So, it's over half-way there at this point.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What's it going to do?

**A:** Next year.

**Q:** (T) Next year for the next probe?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is this going to be one of those public ones? A publicly announced one?

**A:** They both are.

**Q:** (T) What is the purpose of these probes?

**A:** Excavation to display living organisms.

**Q:** (T) Display? (L) Yes, for public consumption. In other words, not only do we have a rock now, that shows evidence that there was... (T) Oh, display, as when they find it and dig it up, they're going to show it on camera! (L) Yes! (T) Katie Couric will interview it! (L) Right! (F) First they said they found no evidence, then they said it was inconclusive... Now, who the hell knows what they found! In revealing things, we'll start with fossilized life, and then move on... (L) So, they're going to display the discovery of living organisms on Mars to take the next step to acclimate...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, this process is going to be something of an on-going thing, and that all of these people who are cranking around about, you know, alien landings...

**A:** No faces, though.

**Q:** (L) There's not going to be any 'Faces On Mars?' They are not going to show us...

**A:** Won't be revealed, what do you think happened with Mars Explorer?

**Q:** (L) Well, what did happen with the Mars Explorer? (T) Now, now, now, let me...

**A:** Hoagland forced their hand.

**Q:** (T) What do we think happened to the Mars Explorer? I think they switched channels. They just moved it from one communication post to another, and it's doing exactly what it's supposed to be doing. And they did it in such a way, that the NASA people really didn't know what happened, so that when they were asked, they could say, 'We don't know what happened to it!' Because they really don't know what happened! (L) When we're talking about attack, as we were before, as in plane crashes, the Olympics, all these different things - this dealing with these Mars Explorers - is all this stuff, or most of this stuff, coming from the 4th density manipulations of human minds, rather than...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L)... rather than actual, physical entry and doing of deeds? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) OK, so what these people are doing with this Mars Probe, with all of these things, they're being manipulated to do these things, and there's obviously an objective. What is the objective?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) Too complex. So, it's not just control, there's control for a reason.

**A:** To explain to you.

**Q:** (T) Because there's 4th density, fifth density and sixth density reasons involved.

**A:** Just 4th.

**Q:** (T) I have a question. They're going to display live organisms, like, how did they put that 'Living organisms'? How big are these living organisms going to be? How advanced?

**A:** Teeny-tiny.

**Q:** (T) So, we're still talking about microscopic organisms here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) So, they won't wave at us!

**A:** But these will be alive. Can't you see the progression here? "Don't want to scare Grandma Sally Bible Thumper/Stockmarket Investor!"

**Q:** (L) Do you have any more for us tonight?

**A:** No. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

