## October 1, 1996
Frank, Laura, Andromeda

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Vurra.

**Q:** (L) Andromeda has wanted to sit in with us and is here tonight. Is that alright?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And I suppose she has a few questions. (A) No.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) There isn't anything in particular that I want to ask.

**A:** Incorrect.

**Q:** (L) One thing that I know has been bothering her is that she is having trouble concentrating to the point that she cannot read. What is the problem?

**A:** Her mind is on other things.

**Q:** (L) And, what is that.

**A:** Ask her.

**Q:** (L) Well, as we go along, she will think of them. Now, something has happened: Ark has asked for divorce and apparently it was not a pleasant outcome, to say the least. From what he has said, I am thinking that she {his ex} is going to become very vindictive within the next few days. And, what concerns me is that she is going to try to discover who I am by going into his computer.

**A:** Already has tried.

**Q:** (L) And what was the result?

**A:** Nothing, she did not know how to get into proper file. There are passwords. She will try again until no longer able. Also snoops through printed material. But, not proficient in English. {This turned out to be shockingly accurate.}

**Q:** (L) Thank God for small favors. I have the feeling that there is something about this situation... that something very negative is going to happen. The reality of other density controls will 'hit home' in a very unpleasant way.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can do to warn him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) And I have no idea what this feeling relates to. Looking at the charts, it seems that whatever she does will be this month, probably in the next few days, because she is building steam. Anger and rage... I don't think he really has any idea who she is, the same way I didn't know the person I was married to... it was all my own illusion. Is this correct?

**A:** It is not "who she is," it is what works through her by her own choice.

**Q:** (L) So, she is a channel of attack?

**A:** Two more to appear at university in Wroclaw. {This also turned out to be accurate.}

**Q:** (L) Any clues that I can give him?

**A:** One is subordinate, one is authoritative. Also, possibility of {his ex} trying to undermine his position at university with implications of infidelity and adultery... both are seen as more serious breaches in Poland than here and elsewhere when it comes to one of high standing in a university level capacity. {This also turned out to be accurate.}

**Q:** (L) Well, I just have the feeling that she is really wanting to rip him to pieces. I can actually feel it emanating across the ocean.

**A:** We have detailed for you. May actually hasten things, rather than forestall as intended!

**Q:** (L) Is there any more you have to say on this subject?

**A:** Up to you. Warn, as all is not as anticipated in such detail.

**Q:** (L) I need to warn him?

**A:** UFOs monitoring.

**Q:** (L) Monitoring him?

**A:** And the situation. Also, at a human level, "the walls now have ears."

**Q:** (L) Okay, Andromeda is very worried about the present situation with {name redacted}. What can we do in this situation?

**A:** Vague. Have Andromeda ask, please!!

**Q:** (A) I don't know what to ask.

**A:** Andromeda is holding back, we cannot answer.

**Q:** (L) You have to ask. (A) When are {name redacted} and {name redacted} going to move out and will it help things?

**A:** Not definite. You cannot solve your problems by trying to avoid them.

**Q:** (A) I am not trying to avoid any problems. What do you mean?

**A:** Removing subjects does not resolve them.

**Q:** (L) What are the main subjects that need to be resolved in her mind?

**A:** Interplay and communication and understanding.

**Q:** (L) Anything else that can help?

**A:** Only if she asks.

**Q:** (A) Why do I get depressed?

**A:** Stress causes chemical changes.

**Q:** (A) What are my main sources of stress?

**A:** Inability to see other points of view.

**Q:** (A) Whose points of view?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (A) I try to see everybody's point of view. (L) From your own point of view. (A) No, I try to see what everybody is thinking and feeling, to the best of my ability.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand. Yes, I do. (L) Can you help?

**A:** No help is desired.

**Q:** (L) Would you think that there is a possibility that you are NOT seeing the other points of view. (A) Sure. It's possible, but I try. Is there any way to improve this?

**A:** Communication.

**Q:** (A) About what? (L) I guess just start talking.

**A:** Specifically, communicate with those that bother you! Resistance is powerful.

**Q:** (A) Resisting what? You are so confusing!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Anything else?

**A:** Only if desired.

**Q:** (L) Is LM's injury serious and will it leave permanent damage?

**A:** All injuries do.

**Q:** (L) Of a major nature?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to die from this as he thinks?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What caused this accident?

**A:** Too complex as to root cause, but direct cause was "passing out."

**Q:** (L) Okay. Tom G passed away, and I would like to know what his state is and could we communicate with him?

**A:** Sleeping to adjust to the reality of afterlife in 5th density.

**Q:** (L) What was the physiological reason for his passing?

**A:** Electrical short circuit.

**Q:** (L) Did he suffer at all?

**A:** No. Did not believe in "hereafter." Are you aware of this?

**Q:** (L) No, I wasn't.

**A:** Will awaken, but of course, there is no "time" there.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can say or do for Chloe to help her through this?

**A:** Will recover surprisingly quickly.

**Q:** (L) Is it likely that she will move back to Florida?

**A:** Next year.

**Q:** (L) I would really like to do something to make my baby feel better.

**A:** Up to Andromeda.

**Q:** (L) Anything further for any of us?

**A:** No, and Good Night.

END OF SESSION

