## July 14, 1996
Frank, Laura, V, MM

It had been two weeks since the previous session on June 29. Ark first wrote to me on July 5th and there was instant recognition on both sides. However, I was keeping things low key and to myself, though I tried to see if I could indirectly get some guidance as you will see below in my question about the book I read when I was 11 about the Polish Underground.

**Q:** [Last bit of discussion prior to session beginning.] (L) I am just wondering if a lot of things are going to happen that may not be necessarily multi-density, or 'other density,' in the strictest of terms, but may in fact be simply actions of 'human agents' of these beings on other densities. That it will not so much be a 'space invasion' as more like the Nazis under the control of 4th density STS? Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Derom.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Has there been some participation in the discussion we have been having?

**A:** Monitoring, not participation.

**Q:** (L) Would you care to comment, or shall we just ask our questions?

**A:** Ask specific questions, as always.

**Q:** (L) Then let's start with some basic things. First of all, I have had some contact with a physicist who is interested in the material. And, because of this, I was motivated to pick up a book I had read many years ago about the German occupation of Poland, {The Story of a Secret State by Jan Karski} and there were some very strange things said in this book, and some funny synchronous numbers... It just seemed to be a prototype of the present reality in global terms. My question is: is there some synchronous implication between this contact, the reading of this book when I was 11 years old, and the material we have received through this source?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) You have said that the Holocaust was basically a 'practice run' for the ultimate space invasion. Is this invasion supposed to take place as an actual 'aliens invading the planet' scenario, or...

**A:** Too many thought patterns at once. Step by step, please.

**Q:** (L) Let's boil it down. Was Hitler's agenda a practice run for a future scenario?

**A:** Close. Was a "testing" of the will.

**Q:** (L) Whose will was being tested?

**A:** Yours.

**Q:** (L) Me specifically, or the planet?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) In terms of this scenario, is there some lesson that we can learn about what may or may not occur through this book I have mentioned?

**A:** Maybe, but suggest you learn to blend mosaic consciousness.

**Q:** (L) What is mosaic consciousness?

**A:** Thinking in internally spherical terms, rather than using linear "point blank" approach. The whole picture is seen by seeing the whole scene.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that is why I get into so many thought patterns...

**A:** Picture yourself as being at the center of a mosaic.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I know what you are saying, but I just don't think that there is any way I can DO this!

**A:** Yes you can!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Okay. This whole situation, this Polish connection, this German connection, the American and alien things, the soldier/Nephilim thing, these are all manifestations of a Realm Border Crossing, am I correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And some of the manifestations of a Realm Border Crossing are that some people graduate or transition to 4th density, that their awareness changes, everything changes, the playing field is leveled. So, what happened in Germany was a 'practice run' but what is going to happen is that the 'playing field' is going to be leveled, so it will not be exactly the same scenario, is this a correct assessment?

**A:** Maybe. Alright, my dear, you want the facts, so we will give them to you, and hopefully you will comprehend. If not now, then when necessary maybe... Fact number one: All there is is lessons. Fact two: this is one big school. Fact three: Timing as you perceive it, is never, NEVER definite. Fact four: What is to happen, as you state it, is a ways off, and will not occur until you have reached that point on the learning cycle, and you are not close yet. Now ponder before more facts are given!!

**Q:** (L) Okay, this being one infinite school, and we all seem to be wandering around in the darkness...

**A:** Fact five: The learning cycle is variable, and progress along it is determined by events and circumstances as they unfold.

**Q:** (L) So, the events and circumstances of our lives, individually and collectively, can indicate where we are on this learning cycle? And we are asking to have things told to us, or revealed to us about things which are, in themselves, the necessary lessons? And it would be virtually useless to be told about them since they must be experienced?

**A:** Partly correct. If you want hints, then hints shall we give. But, if you are looking for a "road map?," forgetitski!!

**Q:** (L) Okay, we want some hints. And [the physicist] Ark wants some hints, too! He wants to know if we can invent a tool that enhances free will?

**A:** No tool is needed because of facts 3, 4, and 5.

**Q:** (L) Ummm... So, when a person is being hypnotized and controlled from outside, because that is the matter of concern we were discussing earlier, they are hypnotized and controlled until they learn to stop it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, using the analogy of the pig sty, they just have to wallow in it and suffer until they have had enough?

**A:** Using your analogy of the bicycle: Is there a tool which makes it unnecessary for the child to learn how to ride the bicycle in order to know how to ride it?!?

**Q:** (MM) Don't you get more free will by assimilating knowledge?

**A:** Yes!! Yes!!

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, knowledge and awareness makes you aware that you have free will, and also makes you aware of what actions actually ARE acts of free will, and therefore, when you know or suspect the difference between the lies and deception and truth, then you are in a position to be in control of your life?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Ark also wants to ask... well, his problem is faith, as he said it to me.

**A:** Faith comes also from knowledge, and as we have stated before... False knowledge is worse than no knowledge at all!!!!!

**Q:** (L) So, it is important to take each and every thing that is being learned or analyzed, and take it completely apart and dig in every direction around it, and even in related directions, to FULLY ascertain that it is true? As C.S. Lewis said, knowledge is like a rope... as long as you are using it to tie up a box, it doesn't matter whether it is perfect or not, but if you have to use it to hang over a precipice, then it behooves you to make absolutely certain that it is strong enough to support your weight.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, Ark asks about this: "In 1979, Project Phoenix, with the assistance of the Grays, was successful in producing a mind amplifier." Is this true?

**A:** Nope!

**Q:** (L) Okay! That was pretty precise! Next: "Is it possible that, under drug influence, psychics, or those with mental capabilities above the norm, can be hooked up to some type of machine and are enabled thereby to create some type of physical form?"

**A:** Possible. Now review: The "Greys" are cyber-genetic probes of the "Lizard" beings, so just exactly who is doing the assisting? And who is behind the Lizard types?? Could it be your ancestors, perhaps!?!

**Q:** (L) It says here [reads text]: "The fire within man that is characterized as passion is the secret that can be utilized. The secret to all things is passion. With passion all things are possible. The amplification experiments of the Phoenix Project have been explained as having amplified brain waves. In fact, it amplified the passion of the subject. It was that 'inner will' of the subject that was amplified, that inner spirit within all of us is that driving force is manifested as electrical energy. Master that force and you cannot be controlled, the universe is yours. Master the inner spirit and you shall master the physical." Comments please.

**A:** First things first: Who is doing the assisting? And how is the assisting being done?!!!!!!???

**Q:** (L) Well, they say that the Grays are assisting the Consortium, this is the Hopi material... Who is doing the assisting? Hmmmm... give me a clue... I think that the Nordic aliens are controlling the Lizards, who created the Grays, which are probes of the Lizards, and are purportedly assisting the Consortium...

**A:** Assisting? Or maybe influencing?!? And if so, how so?!? And, is not this the whole point? Are you not ultimately influenced always?!? In EVERYTHING you do? We have stated thus numerous times... So, please let us not get off the track, okay?

**Q:** (L) In other words, as long as we are in the pigsty, we are in the pigsty, and until we get OUT of it, we are IN it?

**A:** Until you reach that point on the learning cycle.

**Q:** (MM) What is this chemical they use with these psychics, per se, is it the 'akashic chemical?'

**A:** That information you refer to is false in its entirety!

**Q:** (L) So, does that mean that the whole thing is false?

**A:** "Passion" does not set one "free," quite the opposite!

**Q:** (L) But what if your passion is for knowledge?

**A:** That is not passion, it is soul questing.

**Q:** (L) What is it that gives some people this drive, this steamroller effect that they are determined to get to the absolute bottom of everything and strip away every lie until there is nothing left but the naked truth? What is the source of this desire?

**A:** Wrong concept. It is simply that one is at that point on the learning cycle. At that point, no drive is needed.

**Q:** (L) So, you more or less are there because some critical mass has been reached that 'jumps' you to the point where seeking truth is simply who you are? It defines the parameters of your being.

(MM) Are these learning cycles similar to the layers... all over the earth, remember the red dust all over the earth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it more like a 360 degree circle, and each person is at a different point on the circle, and the whole thing cycles, and you never change relative to the people behind and in front of you, and the only real thing you can do to help anyone is to move the circle by moving yourself, thereby pushing the one ahead of you up, and pulling the one behind you into your previous place? And where you are on the cycle determines what you do?

**A:** It is a single cycle, yes. There is only one learning cycle, and where you are upon it, determines your EXPERIENCES, and vice versa.

[Notice that they did not negate my concept above that the only way to move was to help the person ahead of you and behind you.]

**Q:** (L) Is there ever any point where lines connect from one point on the cycle so that you can 'jump' from one point to another? Like a wormhole in space or something?

**A:** Refer to facts 1 and 2 and 3.

**Q:** (L) So, no short cuts?

**A:** Now, refer to 3,4 and 5.

**Q:** (L) So, certain events and circumstances could help a person to make 'leaps?'

**A:** No "leap," acceleration.

**Q:** (L) One thing, previously when we were talking about unstable gravity waves, and I asked what caused them to become unstable, you said 'utilization,' and that STO was dispersion, and STS was 'collection' of gravity. I have made a few conjectures about this and would like to ask, does this mean that in giving to others, even if what you are giving is a withholding of assistance because you know that assistance would only prolong the lesson, is dispersing gravity, and exerting mental or other control over others, even if one is unaware that they are attaching energy drains to another, is collecting gravity?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, when you collect gravity, you become like a black hole, you cave in on yourself?

**A:** Ultimately.

**Q:** (L) And it seems to me that one of the objects of what we are doing is releasing the gravity collected in ourselves?

**A:** If that is your choice, or if that is your path.

**Q:** (L) Is choice as intimately connected with the path as I am understanding it? Is it just simply part of how you are configured in your soul essence?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And there are people for whom STS is simply their choice. It is their path.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, it is a judgment and a disservice to try to convert someone to your path, even if you perceive the end result of the path they are on, that it leads to dissolution? It is still their path?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, if you send 'buckets of love and light' to such a one, and that is their path, you are violating their free will?

**A:** You might as well send "buckets" of vomit as that is how they will react.

**Q:** (MM) Why send anything? Just be neutral?

**A:** Judgment is STS.

**Q:** (L) You told us before that stars and planets are portals, or openings into other densities. Is it possible that this oncoming wave, this Realm Border Crossing will be accessed through these types of portals, that it is not something that is actually in our 'space,' but that it would emanate through stars and planets? Am I onto something here?

**A:** You may be starting down a long path.

**Q:** (L) So, it is complex. When I was re-reading Noah...

**A:** Just remember: All prophecies attached to calendar dates are useless unless you wish to be sucked up by the 4th density STS forces!

**Q:** (L) Speaking of being sucked up by 4th density STS forces, MM was told by her local Hindu gathering that she was vacuuming up their energies. What kind of an interaction was this? Why were they so uncomfortable?

**A:** Because they wished to be worshipped.

**Q:** (L) They wished to suck her energy, because being worshipped is the equivalent of sucking energy?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, I am curious about the doggie image that was on the aura photo that MM took?

**A:** In these times, 2nd density creatures will collect more and more attachments.

**Q:** (L) Are these attachments like other entities?

**A:** Yes, and others.

**Q:** (L) When they are collecting these attachments, are they collecting them from us, as in protecting?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they being used to collect attachments to be detrimental to us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You mean we are gonna have to do depossessions on our dogs, too? (V) Holy Toledo!

**A:** That won't work.

**Q:** (L) Why are our animals picking up attachments?

**A:** Because of vibrational frequency intensifications.

**Q:** (L) Is there something we could do? I mean, are we supposed to get rid of pets?

**A:** We would never suggest something as harsh as this. However, beware: 3rd density STS orientation includes the thought of "dominion" over 2nd density, and this is merely a continuation of the energy buildups of the approach of the wave... Some of the lessons are interesting indeed. When you assume that capture and imprisonment of those of lesser capacity than you is for "the good," why should not you expect those of greater capacity than you to assume the same regarding you?!?

**Q:** (MM) Well, I want to know what is the deal with this portal in my house?

**A:** Before we discuss that, we would like you to ponder further the previously given responses. We suspect there is much to be gained from insights lurking there. Now: Portals... ionic column... hmmm...

**Q:** (V) Are portals archetypal?

**A:** Are they? Hmmm....

**Q:** (MM) So, my column is an ionic column? (L) I don't think that is exactly what they mean. I think that they are saying that an ionic column represents a portal into the next density. It is an archetype.

**A:** Third density facsimile.

**Q:** (V) So, this is how we choose to see it with our eyes? (L) I think they mean that it is a representation, that it follows in its form the 4th density form, only it is material here.

**A:** And 5th density, etc...

**Q:** (L) Okay, MM's portal. She has been experimenting with it, with this trans-density transceiver...

**A:** No, she does not have a trans-density transceiver, she has a portal presence.

**Q:** (L) What is the function of a portal presence?

**A:** Function is not the correct concept.

**Q:** What is it?

**A:** The presence of a portal.

**Q:** (L) Is this portal that is present related to any person in her house, or related to the area.

**A:** It is.

**Q:** (L) Which.

**A:** It just is.

**Q:** (L) Was it there before she moved there?

**A:** That is not important.

**Q:** (L) What is important?

**A:** Ask yourself that. Awareness.

**Q:** (L) On the one hand you could think it is a good thing and be wrong, and on the other hand you could think it is a bad thing, and miss a good thing?

**A:** Learning is fun.

**Q:** (MM) I'm getting ready to work with it in meditation. But, I have been working with it and finding out more about it, and I was just wondering....

**A:** Hey lady, don't you get it yet?

**Q:** (V) Who is 'hey lady?' It must be me...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) That is very odd? (MM) I was wondering if it goes to other densities?

**A:** Yes, but so what? This does too.

**Q:** (L) Why was this portal represented by a completely different figure?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (L) Is she supposed to channel through this portal?

**A:** The portal is not "importaltent!"

**Q:** (L) I guess that implies intent... The portal is not important, what is important is what is going on inside you. And only you can know that.

**A:** On that note, Good Night.

END OF SESSION

The Cs did not seem very happy with MM and her "portal."

