## July 26, 1997
Laura, Frank, Alice

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Jopalla.

**Q:** Where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Before we get started on all our other stuff, is there anything you would like to address to Ark in the present situation?

**A:** First of all, this is for you: your son's asthmatic allergic reaction is being seriously aggravated by airborne canine hair particulate matter at this time!

**Q:** Thank you very much. We will take care of it.

**A:** Good, and you are welcome. We suggest you limit his contact with the dog for the next 8 days.

**Q:** Well, Percy is in the kitchen because he gets so hysterical when there is thunder. Why does he get so frantic?

**A:** Sensitive to ozone.

**Q:** That brings up another thought: in several cases of the flying boomerangs, collies were involved. And, subsequent to my own sighting, I lost my collie within 3 months. He just started wasting away and died and nothing we did helped. What is the connection, if any?

**A:** Genetic biological manufacturing defect leaves open absorption of unusually high levels of collateral radiation.

**Q:** But why is it that so many people who have seen these boomerangs seem to have collies?

**A:** That is not always the case.

**Q:** Well, but a significant number! I wonder if there is something genetic in the people who prefer collies. Remember, collies are a Celtic dog!

**A:** Indeed!!

**Q:** Okay, let's get to some of these questions... let's do some quick ones first. Would you comment on the fact that RhoChi is a mirror image of ChiRho, as though Rosy Cross were a mirror image of Christianity... added to this the fact that Dionysos, in the Titian painting, looks like he is stepping out of a mirror... also, the mirrors that showed up in the Etruscan book Ark sent, and the Well of Hagar which turned out to be Beer-lahai-roi, or the well of the living mirror... very funny things popping up after you mentioned the word mirror last week! Could you comment?

**A:** Better check the "leaflets..."

**Q:** Leaflet...? (T) Young leaf?

**A:** Patch of Zion.

**Q:** Okay, help me out here...

**A:** We are...

**Q:** Do you mean the 'budding olive tree?'

**A:** If you explore the caverns to which the wanderers go in the sides of cliffs in order to seek refuge from deluge, you will know...

**Q:** Obviously something will be discovered on this. I am taking it as a clue to work on. Do you mean the caves all along the cliffs on the Canary Islands where the Virgin of Candelaria was found?

**A:** Yes. Page 33?

**Q:** Could you comment on Paran Sikarios? Did I hit the jackpot on that one?

**A:** Expect not to "hit the jackpot" so early in the quest, my dear. What would you do in such a retirement?

**Q:** Well, I certainly don't think it is the ULTIMATE jackpot. I am just talking about a small coup here!

**A:** Coup d'etat?

**Q:** Now, all these Masons are very hot on the Sinclair family and the Rosslyn Chapel. They are certain that their guys came to America, because in this chapel, built supposedly by a Master Mason, there are carvings of corn, as in maize, and aloe vera plants. This is evidence, to them, that Prince Henry the Navigator and all the Templars and all that...

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** Well, then, what IS the explanation for these carvings in Rosslyn Chapel?

**A:** Visitors yes, but the Masonic creed is intertwined with ancient order of Essenes, arising out of ancient Egypt, from the secret knowledge stored at the base of the Sphinx, as left there by "Atlantean" survivors.

**Q:** Does anybody in the Masonic order know anything?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, how high do you have to go to get to know anything?

**A:** Page 33. Blond and blue-eyed, of course! Before genetic alteration, one branch stood eleven feet tall.

**Q:** Speaking of these tall guys, William Wallace's life was sort of symbolic, in my mind, and he was supposed to have been over 6 and a half feet tall. During the time that all that mess was going on over in Scotland with Wallace and the Bruce, the Templars were being dissolved in France...

**A:** Dissolved?!? We think not! They merely went "underground."

**Q:** Is that literally or figuratively?

**A:** Why not both?

**Q:** Well, there are Templar organizations that some Mason's claim to be in contact with.

**A:** And where do you suppose these are?

**Q:** Underground?

**A:** Bingo!

**Q:** Okay. The Templars were formed in Jerusalem. They were there for quite a while with no record of doing any of the things that the group supposedly intended to do. There are a lot of rumors... what were they doing in Jerusalem?

**A:** Templars held the secret of levitation.

**Q:** Is this something... and I am talking about the 9 guys in Jerusalem... did they discover some document in Jerusalem that gave them this secret?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And is this how they were able to get so much support from certain royal houses and so forth?

**A:** It is time for you to study Kaballah again, but be careful!!

**Q:** Okay. I have several books on the subject. I will start tomorrow. Now, when the Templars were arrested, they were accused of worshipping a head, or skull, and also the god Baphomet. Were thes spurious accusations designed to defame them?

**A:** Skull was of pure crystal.

**Q:** What is the definition of the god 'Baphomet,' if they did, indeed, worship such?

**A:** The holder of the Trent.

**Q:** What is THAT?

**A:** Seek.

**Q:** What is the meaning of 'The Widow's Son?' The implication?

**A:** Stalks path of wisdom incarnate.

**Q:** Why is this described as a Widow's son? This was the appelation of Perceval...

**A:** Perceval was knighted in the court of seven.

**Q:** The court of seven what?

**A:** Swords points signify crystal transmitter of truth beholden.

**Q:** What is the relationship between Perceval, Paran Sikarios, the Assassini, and Ishmael, the son of Hagar, at the well of the mirror?

**A:** Spear of Destiny.

**Q:** Are the Ishmaelis the carriers of the true bloodline, and the line of Isaac and Jacob, the Supplanter, the carriers of the monothiestic covenant, are the false line?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Are the Ishmaelis also the carriers of the knowledge of levitation, the cult of the head or the skull...

**A:** Try to connect to the Templars.

**Q:** Did the Templars discover the secrets of the Ishmaelis, the Assassini, and is this what they carried into Europe, and then underground?

**A:** Buried in Galle.

**Q:** Okay, discovered that one of the Percy estates was called 'Alnwick,' which startled me a bit after tracking wicks all over the place. But, what is the meaning of 'Alnwick?'

**A:** Discover. Invert. Allan. Check Hebrew root of Allan.

**Q:** The Counts of Flanders and Champagne were the sponsors of Chretien de Troyes who wrote the original Grail stories in which Perceval figures so prominently. These guys were also connected with the Templars. Well, it seems that the Templars were not the only ones getting picked on during certain periods. The Percy family has had much MORE than its share! Why?

**A:** You will be "picked on" too, if you learn too many secrets!!

**Q:** So, the Percys DID know something. I understand that the Percy family has a collection of 62 alchemical manuscripts... which is actually how I found out about Alnwick - I was tracking these alchemical texts....

**A:** But if you go there, do not ask for the key!

**Q:** Does the current head of the family know the secret?

**A:** Getting "warmer."

**Q:** Has this person also been pursuing the secret?

**A:** Pour suivant.

**Q:** What does that mean, Frank? (F) For, to follow. (T) Why did you say that in French?

**A:** Look for clues, and do not have expectations!

[Break. Group watches video: Riverdance.]

**Q:** Hi guys! Did you like the movie?

**A:** We do not need to have such presentations, since we have all presence awareness!

**Q:** Well, gosh! Lighten up! (T) Well, they must be able to see the original! (L) Indeed. How close are these dances to the original Celtic dances?

**A:** Half.

**Q:** Considering everything, that is a lot. What about these dances would make them more original?

**A:** Floating.

**Q:** Holy Shi'ite Moslems! No wonder Caesar went bananas! But, why the stylized rigidity of the arms? A; Has to do with sound through chemical enzyme based utilization for power purposes.

**Q:** How does the stiff-arm posture relate to sound?

**A:** Chemical transmitter flow.

**Q:** You mean that something flowed through their arms and out their hands to enhance levitation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Well, I just saw it! If you think about it, the Reiki energy, after initiation, produces a LOT of heat... and that tracks back to Sanskrit, which is Indo-european, and that is Celtic root. Also, the Celtic folklore talks about the enormous heat of certain heroes who had to be plunged into very cold water several times so that they could cool down enough to put clothes on. Add to that the fact that the Celts went into battle naked because they would go into the 'furor' and produce so much heat that they could not tolerate clothing. And, what about the heat of the 'states' that I experience from time to time? The C's identified that as a 'reflection' of the connection to 4th density. That is a truly bizarre state because the heat is so intense it is almost unbearable, yet does not even show on a thermometer, and to anyone else who touches me, I am not hot. Yet the internal heat is unbelievable. So, yeah... the power flows through the hands...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** So, this 4th density energy flow makes us feel this tremendous heat that does not register physically?

**A:** Reflection of it.

**Q:** Is the watching of these dances or listening to this music helpful in unlocking ancient genetic memories?

**A:** In person, not through reproduction. Wearing of silk will enhance the EM effect.

**Q:** Well, that makes sense. The alchemists talked about this also. Now, Terry wanted to ask if there was any relation between Hapsburg and Hotspur?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why was astrology absent from the myths of ancient Greece?

**A:** Not absent, "Stalinized."

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** Soviets removed Stalin from the history books when he fell from popularity. So, Greeks, Astrology... "Stalinized"...

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Deadly secrets would be revealed.

**Q:** Revealed to whom?

**A:** You.

**Q:** If we could find the pieces and put them together, they would show us the drama and the connection between 3rd and 4th density?

**A:** You would have to use the original astrology, before cosmic changes of a planetary nature; there was no Venus, for one example, and earth was oriented differently axially speaking.

**Q:** And the destruction of Kantek. This was the last whitewash, the writings of Homer and so forth were put place... is there any source where we can get closer to these myths that will help us to figure out who is REALLY on first?

**A:** Check the Isle of Man.

**Q:** (T) Are there more points to be plotted other than the ones you gave us last week?

**A:** Plot those first.

**Q:** Okay, we did. Is there something significant about the plotting? Are we supposed to see something here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, there is something there that we aren't seeing.

**A:** No rushes to judgment.

**Q:** Are there any additional points?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** You once said that the Bible was written by Greek enforcers, and now you have just said that the myths were Stalinized. It also struck me that there were no ghosts or spirits in the Greek texts. These texts portray the Greeks as worshippers of the physical world. They were astonished at Pythagoras' belief in reincarnation...

**A:** You have been reading altered texts.

**Q:** Well, I know that. I have copies of some of the oldest known documents on the planet. Where am I going to get something that is remotely accurate?

**A:** The Hague.

**Q:** What about the Essenes and the Dead Sea Scrolls?

**A:** Kaballah.

**Q:** What is so explosive in the Dead Sea Scrolls that they cannot release them?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Okay. This one book I just read, the guys came across the Mandeans who talked about a star called "Merica," and from this, these geniuses deduced that the Templars sailed to America! What DID happen to the Templar fleet?

**A:** Sail to underworld.

**Q:** You previously talked about 'undreamed of treasure in alfalfa fields of Rhineland.' Is this a physical, spiritual or knowledge based treasure?

**A:** It is all three.

**Q:** Who put this treasure in the alfalfa fields of Rhineland?

**A:** Discover. And so, to you, good night.

END OF SESSION

