## March 15, 1997
Frank, VG, Alice, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Torra.

**Q:** And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) In the natural state, we know that a photon can have an interaction which causes it to split into positron and an electron. In the natural state, do electrons come from photons?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay. In the natural state, where do electrons come from?

**A:** Aether boundary with material continuum.

**Q:** Where does the proton come from?

**A:** 7th density.

**Q:** So, a proton comes from seventh density, but the electron does not.

**A:** Not mutually exclusive.

**Q:** In a substance that conducts electricity, say an electrical wire, you have a circuit where, essentially, electrons get passed from atom to atom along this pathway. And, yet, they don't run out, and they don't really get used, it is only the resistance that causes heat that causes the incandescence...

**A:** Gravity center of planet is also "window" to all other density levels and dimensional planes of existence, which is why electrically charged atoms "ground" in order to pass on to other planes through gravity binder.

**Q:** Getting back to my question of the passing of electrons along a circuit: what force is it that initiates the passing of one electron to another atom that manifests as electricity?

**A:** Electrical energy is merely "tapped," collected, trapped, then channeled.

**Q:** If it is tapped, where is it tapped from?

**A:** Collecting electrons.

**Q:** What is a collecting electron?

**A:** Not "a" collecting electron. It is collecting them.

**Q:** What is collecting the electrons?

**A:** The utilizers. Electrons are "free" energy.

**Q:** Okay, but where... I am thinking that in an electrical circuit, the electrons that are there, are the ones that are started with, the ones that are passed along, and the ones that are still there when the circuit is broken and the passing of electrons stops. Am I wrong?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Okay... then...

**A:** There is no beginning or end.

**Q:** Then electricity is, in essence, a flow of electrons?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** You say they are tapped. Where are they tapped from? What is the source of these free electrons?

**A:** All materials. All matter. All aether.

**Q:** The electrons of the conductor itself are being passed along, and this is the manifestation of the flow of electricity?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** In what sense am I not correct?

**A:** Limiting concept to "conductor."

**Q:** Electrical energy will be present in everything. But in some particular substances, such as those things we call conductors, the electrical energy is, as you said, collected, trapped and channeled, which then is a useful activity because it creates light and runs machines and so forth...

**A:** Primitive.

**Q:** Okay. It is primitive. We understand that. When electricity moves in what would be considered a superconductor, how is it different from an ordinary conductor, such as a copper wire?

**A:** Accelerates flow, thus separating electrons, thus "exciting" process.

**Q:** What qualities does the superconductor have that contributes to this accelerating of flow?

**A:** Cycling magnetic pulse.

**Q:** What creates a cycling magnetic pulse?

**A:** Matter within gravity vacuum.

**Q:** How do you create a gravity vacuum?

**A:** In this case, it is created unintentionally as a byproduct of superconductivity.

**Q:** You said that a superconductor separates the electrons, thus exciting the flow. What do you mean by separating?

**A:** From each other.

**Q:** How is that different from a normal electric flow?

**A:** Not as widely separated.

**Q:** Is this separation of electrons a key to this process?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What additional conditions or qualities contribute to the separating of electrons?

**A:** Ask yourself now, what conditions define a superconductor?

**Q:** (L) What defines a superconductor? (A) Zero resistance. (V) Is that without gravity? (A) No heat. (L) How does one achieve zero resistance?

**A:** Artificial construct.

**Q:** Do you mean that it is an artificial idea, or that the only thing that would have zero resistance would be something that is artificially constructed.

**A:** Both.

**Q:** So, there is no actual possibility for a true superconductor with absolutely zero resistance? But that the resistance can be reduced to a very low level.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Does cold necessarily have something to do with superconductivity?

**A:** What conditions exist in outer space?

**Q:** Well it is VERY cold... (A) It is almost a vacuum. (L) No gravity. (A) No, there is gravity, but only that. What I think we must ask is what is the relation between superconductivity and gravity. There was something mentioned... what was that about aether?

**A:** Nonmaterial realm of existence.

**Q:** (L) In other words, consciousness. Okay, you mentioned a cycling magnetic pulse that was an unintentional byproduct of superconductivity, and something about matter within a gravity vacuum... Could you define a cycling magnetic pulse?

**A:** Self explanatory.

**Q:** You said it was derived from matter within a gravity vacuum. Does that mean that superconductivity creates a gravity vacuum?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Where? Within the superconductor or outside?

**A:** Within.

**Q:** (A) According to what we know, it also creates an electromagnetic vacuum. Is it correct that there is no magnetic field within the superconductor?

**A:** We have stated before that these two properties are interwoven.

**Q:** (L) Electromagnetism and gravity. So, if there is no gravity, there is no electromagnetism. But then where is the magnetic pulse?

**A:** Pulse exists outside of gravity vacuum, but within superconductor. Picture a tube structure.

**Q:** Is the superconducting state within the gravity vacuum or within the EM pulse?

**A:** All inclusive. Normal structure for channeling electron flow within a conductor is a solid "tube," within superconductor, it is a "hollow" tube structure, thus evidence of vacuum.

**Q:** Does this hollow tube structure have any bearing on what you described as the separating of electrons?

**A:** It is a manifestation of same.

**Q:** So, in order to have a superconductor, one ought to have a temperature similar to the temperature in space, as well as possibly a chemical construction that is similar to the ambient properties of space, only greatly condensed, would that be it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) Do they mean there is zero gravity without superconductor? They say a vacuum which means what? No gravity?

**A:** Within.

**Q:** (A) No gravity within.

**A:** Not "no," just far less, and fragmented in nature.

**Q:** (A) But, on the other hand they say vacuum... (L) But Honey, there is no such thing as a perfect vacuum! (A) Yes. You are right. Okay. (A) I want to understand this 7th density. The protons come from 7th density? Or they are windows to 7th density or... what? (L) You said that protons come from seventh density. In exactly what sense did you mean that?

**A:** In the ultimate sense.

**Q:** So, a proton is a little manifestation of the consciousness of God?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, that would be what I would understand as the ultimate sense. Correct me please.

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (F)Spider! (A) Indeed! A spider! {It seems that at this precise moment, a spider descended from the ceiling on a thread of spider silk.} (L) Teensy weensy spider....(A) It's a spy! (F) Yes, but a second density one. (A) But it has a lot of protons! (F) That's its connection with 7th density. {The spider is rescued and put elsewhere.} (L) Now, back to the questions. Could you just give me a clue on this proton business?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** Okay, a proton is matched by an electron... (V) Does 7th density delegate how many protons come down or are available at any given time? (L) I think that would be a question that would take us way beyond where we are now...

**A:** Yes it would.

**Q:** (L) Just calm down V. I have a spider web on my hand. Okay. The protons. (V) Aren't protons just smaller bits of energy. (L) A proton is a fermion. (A) Yes. A proton is a fermion. Okay, there is a question with this proton. Is it something eternal, or is it something that decays? If it is seventh density... How long does a proton live?

**A:** Atomic explosion blends density window.

**Q:** (A) What do they mean blend? It explodes! Blend with what?

**A:** Where do protons fit into the atomic chain reaction equation?

**Q:** (L) What happens to protons in an atomic chain reaction? (A) Okay. I will have to check. I will have to take a look. But what does it have to do with this? (L) Well, if a proton is from 7th density, it is obviously a window. (A) Yes, a window. A very small window. (V) I have to leave. (L) Okay, we will stop for now and come back to the atomic chain reaction after we know how to ask the questions. Let me ask very quickly what made me so violently sick last night?

**A:** Ptomaine, bad gravy or sauce.

**Q:** (L) The last few nights I have been having very strange things happening to me while I sleep. Waking startled or fighting or feeling something touching me... What is going on?

**A:** Burial ground.

**Q:** You mean the place we are staying used to be a burial ground?

**A:** 400 years ago.

**Q:** Swell! Just what I needed to hear! Is there anything I can do to limit this activity?

**A:** No,

**Q:** Is it particularly harmful or just annoying?

**A:** More the latter.

**Q:** (L) How come it bothers me and not Ark?

**A:** Sensitivity profile.

**Q:** Any general advice? (A) Let's ask if there is anything we should do before going to this Gulf Breeze {UFO conference}?

**A:** Get plenty of rest.

**Q:** Get plenty of rest?! We know that. Is it advisable to go to this particular conference?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Anything else?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** Then we thank you and say good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

