## October 4, 1997
Laura, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Lororra.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have a few questions on the subject of Cassiopaea. On several occasions you have described Cassiopaea or the Cassiopaeans, the unified thought form light beings that transmit through Cassiopaea, as being the 'front line of the universe's system of natural balance.' On another occasion when Roxanne was here, she was asking questions about Isis and you said that Isis was a 'vanguard.' Now, it seems to me that something that is at the front line is also a vanguard - that the definitions are interchangeable, or similar. In reading through all the various myths and legends, it occurs to me that the similarity between the imagery of Queen Cassiopaea and Isis is quite striking. What is the relationship between Queen Cassiopaea, archetypally speaking, and Isis?

**A:** Subliminal.

**Q:** It is subliminal? The other thing I noticed about the word 'Isis' is that it can be slightly altered to make 'I Zeus.' And, Perseus can be 'per Zeus' and Persia can be made to say 'per ziu.' One of the oldest etymological roots for the word 'God' is 'ziu' from which we get 'deu.' These all represent the English translation of 'for God,' with Perceval being 'per ziu val' or 'strong for God.' Could you comment on these relationships?

**A:** Interconnected by trilingual learning curve.

**Q:** Any further comments?

**A:** No.

**Q:** I also noticed that the word 'Osiris' could also be slightly modified to say 'of Sirius.' Comment, please.

**A:** Sirius was regarded highly in your "past."

**Q:** What was the foundation of this regard for Sirius?

**A:** "From whence cometh, is seen that which knows no limitation."

**Q:** Could you elaborate on that?

**A:** Could, but will not.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Because you can!

**Q:** In reading the transcripts, I came across a reference to a 'pact' made by a group of STS individuals, and it was called 'Rosteem,' and that this was the origin of the Rosicrucians. In the book 'The Orion Mystery,' it talks about the fact that Giza was formerly known as RosTau, which is 'Rose Cross.' Essentially, I would like to understand the symbology of the Rose affixed to the Cross. It seems to me that the imagery of Jesus nailed to the Cross is actually the Rose affixed to the Cross. How does Jesus relate to the Rose?

**A:** No, it is from the Rose arose the Cross.

**Q:** Oh.... I see...

**A:** Said the blind man.

**Q:** Elaborate, please. Are you saying that what I am seeing is not correct?

**A:** No, mirth!

**Q:** It is from the Rose that the Cross arose... and, therefore, the cross symbolizes...

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** What does the cross symbolize?

**A:** The symbology is not the issue. It is the effect.

**Q:** What is the effect of the cross?

**A:** All that has followed it.

**Q:** Could you list some of these to give me a clue?

**A:** You know these.

**Q:** In the same vein, I have noticed that there are two classes of arachnids. There are scorpions and there are spiders. The zodiac was changed by taking the pincers away from the Scorpion and creating out of them the sign of Libra. This image was one of a woman holding a balance scales, usually blindfolded. This was done within recorded history, but was probably formalized through the occult traditions of Kaballa. Now, in trying to figure out who has on what color hat, if there is such a thing, I have come to a tentative conclusion that the spider, or spinner of webs, is the Rosicrucian encampment, and that the Scorpion represents the seeker of wisdom... because, in fact, the word for Scorpio comes from the same root as that which means to pierce or unveil. Therefore, the Scorpion is also Perseus, per Ziu, or 'for God.' And the Rosicrucians are the 'other,' so to speak. Can you elaborate on this for me? Or comment?

**A:** What a tangled web we spin, when we must not let you in.

**Q:** So, the Rose is the Spider?

**A:** Different objective.

**Q:** So, the Rose, with its thorns... can you help me with this Rose image... is the Rose the Scorpion?

**A:** No. Different objective... Rose is a stand alone symbol.

**Q:** So, the Rose can be used by either side, is that it?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Another derivation of the word root of Scorpio is 'skopos,' or 'to see.' You said that the human race was seeded on a planet in the constellation Scorpio, and, therefore, when the zodiac was set up and the clues were laid out, it seems to me that the insertion of the sign of Libra was designed to take power away from human beings, to take their hands away, to prevent them from seeing, to make them defenseless. Is this imagery close?

**A:** On track.

**Q:** And the Scorpion is represented in four ways: the scorpion, the lizard, the eagle and the dove. So, there are four levels of experience. Also, Minerva/Athena was the daughter of Zeus alone. She was known as the 'tamer of horses,' and was a Virgin Goddess. She was also known as 'Parthenos' meaning separation. Is this part of the imagery of the creation of Eve from the rib of Adam, so to speak, or the separation of knowledge from soul, or the veil between the world of 3rd density and 4th density?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Along this same line, in the astrological symbology, the different stars are designated as being located on different parts of the body in a rather arbitrary way that does not seem to necessarily have a lot to do with the actual configuration of the stars themselves. King Cepheus in the sign of Aries, the consort of Cassiopaea, has a star in the right shoulder. The name of this star in Arabic means 'redeemer. In the imagery of the crucifixion, Jesus is depicted as carrying the cross on his shoulder as if to say that he is the old king who must die to make way for the new one... Additionally, many of us have been experiencing the pain in the shoulder, arm, and shoulder-blade for some time. You have, on occasion, related this to DNA changes. Is it that certain individuals are connected to other densities through the windows of the stars in certain constellations, and the clues are found in the location of the stars in the figures of the constellations relating to the areas of the body where pockets in the etheric field are points of activation of DNA, and that these relate to certain pains and discomforts?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** Is that okay as in I am onto something?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** Can you help me out a little here?

**A:** Too do so would compromise your discoveries.

**Q:** Are the body pains in these areas related?

**A:** To...?

**Q:** Obviously this is a big one... it relates directly to the crossed shin bones, the skull, the shoulder blades, knees, elbows and a lot of other symbology... the exposed breast of the Masonic initiate. In the Bible where it says that Jesus was scourged, it is actually a word that usually means the pressing and squeezing that cause milk to express from the breast. On page 33 of 'Bringers of the Dawn,' Barbara Marciniak writes: 'there have been different portals on earth that have allowed different species, creator gods from space, to insert themselves. One of the huge portals that presently being fought over is the portal of the Middle East. If you think back over the history of the Earth, you will realize how many dramas of religion and civilization have been introduced in that portal. It's a huge portal with a radius of 1,000 miles or so. This is why there is so much activity in the Middle East. This is the portal that the Lizzies use.' Could you comment on that information. Are there other portals that are that large which are used by positive entities?

**A:** Portal is dual.

**Q:** So any can use it. Is it correct that this is a large portal over the Middle East?

**A:** Statements made in publication are close, but not absolute.

**Q:** Is this idea of portals extremely significant. Are they fought over?

**A:** Yes, but you do not need to explore these truths, until you have learned more.

**Q:** Okay. Marciniak also says that there are benevolent Lizzies. You once said that the incidence of benevolent Lizzies was so rare as to be not worth mentioning. Is it true that there are benevolent Lizzies as she says?

**A:** There are benevolences evident even in the darkest circles.

**Q:** Is the Rose symbolic of Prime Creator and the Cross the conflict between STS and STO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Anything you CAN tell me?

**A:** You are so inquisitive, you will uncover all you seek, even without us telling you directly.

**Q:** Alright. Once before you talked about Mexico. Could you give us an update on Mexico?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** Okay, we have been invited there for a little visit, and I just wanted to make sure that travel there would be safe.

**A:** Okay for some.

**Q:** When you say that, what do you mean precisely?

**A:** Many meanings.

**Q:** You say it is okay for some, okay for Ark and me?

**A:** Many possibilities...

**Q:** Of what kind? From what I understand they have some major research going on over there of some kind...

**A:** They do. But it is a challenge for a third density vehicle to remain unscathed.

**Q:** Okay, that leads to my next question: last Friday night's event with my daughter, Anna. Was this what you meant when you said that "Mt. Anna may erupt cataclysmically?" Was this MY Anna?

**A:** Notice the proliferation of namesakes?

**Q:** Yes.

**A:** What connections?!? Hmmm...

**Q:** I don't know. Are you going to help me out here? What is the connection?

**A:** Why was name given?

**Q:** Well, her name is Arianna, and we called her Anna because it was short and easy...

**A:** You were nudged thusly... synchronicity.

**Q:** There is something you are trying to say. Is more than ONE Mt. Anna going to erupt?

**A:** Why not all?

**Q:** Was this "eruption" with my Anna all there is going to be in that area? I mean, I don't think I could take much more!

**A:** Yes, but there are underlying factors begging further examination.

**Q:** What are a couple of these factors? I need something to follow?

**A:** Deep psychic connector profile. Those who sleep with grand thoughts present vulnerability beyond the same as that seen from the combination of all others!

**Q:** Are you saying that my Anna sleeps with grand thoughts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What can I do to help her?

**A:** Needs major examination by those of supreme and legitimate psychic power.

**Q:** Can you suggest?

**A:** You will find through inimitable sources.

**Q:** Well, I need something to help her soon because what happened last Friday night nearly killed me... were these kids abducted?

**A:** What have you been told?

**Q:** That the 4th density STS will try to hurt me anyway they can. Let me ask this, how much actual alcohol did Anna drink?

**A:** See last response.

**Q:** Well, from what the kids said, I would have to say yes. Has she been programmed in some way?

**A:** You are being cloaked.

**Q:** What am I being cloaked by?

**A:** Connected forces.

**Q:** Well, give me a clue! I have been so concerned that Ark be protected that I got hit on my blind side.

**A:** And if Ark wishes to travel widely in your accompaniment, perhaps he will realize that a coupling solitude is not wise under the circumstances! We meant everything we said in response to your inquiry to and about Mexico, and in ways you may not have thought about!

**Q:** Do you mean that Ark and I should not travel to Mexico and leave the children?

**A:** Level 1 warning: if you do travel alone, you will return to a house with one less resident!!!

**Q:** Does that mean if we travel anywhere?

**A:** All such exercises are extremely risky right now. You must see that attack increases as one nears certain knowledge plateaus, but once reached, danger evaporates.

**Q:** Are any of the other children, besides Anna...

**A:** We will tell you this. And then we hope you will remember it. And we do this because of our love and concern. What you do with this direct infusion of knowledge is your choice. But we only do this when your mission is directly threatened. When attack is greatest, those most threatening to STS forces receive extremely powerful and direct programming designed to cause them to destroy themselves. The same can happen to those most sensitive who are near to the potential discoverers. You have seen this before. It shall return at periodic intervals.

**Q:** Is that all you want to say on this?

**A:** For now.

**Q:** I have noticed a slowdown in my awareness expansion. Is there anything I can or should do to get myself back on track?

**A:** Not to worry, all things cycle.

**Q:** Anything further?

**A:** We suggest you discuss tonight's messages. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

