## May 3, 1997
Frank, Alice, TomK, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Jimmorra.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have quite a number of questions this evening. The first one is: is it possible for a person to be used as a monitor, to monitor other people's activities through their eyes and ears?

**A:** Possible, but hardly necessary.

**Q:** You once said that PZ was like a monitor, that wherever she went, she monitored aural frequencies for whoever had put the implant into her. Was this an unusual situation?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** Last week we did not have a session, but went through the notes I have been making since I was in Gainesville. Frank became very tired and went home. I was not tired. I would like to ask about this. Usually, Frank is not tired, and I am the one that is exhausted. I would like to ask about this. Is there some sort of energy exchange that takes place during channeling?

**A:** Not in that way.

**Q:** Well, both Terry and Jan commented on this, and I would like to know if there is any relationship of this reversal to the fact that we did not do a session?

**A:** Terry and Jan's comments in this case should be viewed with caution, as they may be nebulous in their intent.

**Q:** When you say nebulous... my perception was that they wanted to develop a separate channel, as before.

**A:** They wanted to pursue their own idea of casting doubts upon Frank.

**Q:** Well, not only was that going on, but I was sharing the information that I had gathered in response to clues given in the material, and I had the impression that it was not interesting to them. Yet, I thought that the fact that clues in the material had led to such discoveries was extremely important...

**A:** Interesting to some includes only that which casts the spotlight upon themselves.

**Q:** Okay. I have the idea. Now, let me ask about the really strange things that I have been discovering. I am sure that I am not even halfway through it. But, let me ask this: am I correct in my thinking that following the genetic clues is part of the key...

**A:** Connect the dots and when you have finished, you will have a "Gaugin."

**Q:** Hmmm... (A) In other words, a masterpiece... (L) Okay, we know that the bloodline is important by virtue of being of the Nordic or Celtic heritage. In going through the transcripts, I came across numerous instances where a "sect" was mysteriously mentioned over and over again. I am thinking that this sect, as you call it, is this organization that we refer to as the "Quorum."

**A:** What is "sect" the root word of?

**Q:** Sector, section, (T) sectarian... (A) A branch... (L) Anything else you want to add to that?

**A:** Ask away.

**Q:** Does this other group that you have mentioned, the Nation of the Third Eye, are they one and the same?

**A:** The Third Eye expands vision into the unseen.

**Q:** Seeing the unseen. You mentioned once before that the "Rosicrucians act as a thief in the night." You also mentioned that I ought to dig into the Rosicrucians, and I went to the University library, and it was essentially missing...

**A:** Connect the Rosicrucians to your favorite island by the "beech." Horticulturally, please, and family.

**Q:** Oak Island?

**A:** Yup! Then, connect the Pyrenees to the Canaries.

**Q:** Okay, a "thief in the night." The destruction of the Templars...

**A:** Research the history of the Canary Islands for clue.

**Q:** Is there any connection to the fact that those guys at the University of Tenerife were communicating back in February and March? Might there be more to this connection?

**A:** Maybe, but do you know the history of this place?

**Q:** Well, no I don't. That one slipped by. I will follow that one... You also once before said that when a certain 7 people assembled into a perpendicular reality, that the learning would be exponential. I am sure we are not there yet, but I am wondering if this information I have discovered about bloodlines and potential activation of DNA has any connection to that idea?

**A:** Build your staircase one step at a time.

**Q:** Reading through the session of May 23, last year, when Tom was also here, and the issue of his being in O'Brien was addressed, you asked who had begged him to stay there, then there was a remark about an EM vector. The way I understood it is that a person can be an EM vector. Is that possible?

**A:** Vector means focuser of direction.

**Q:** Could that mean that EM waves can be vectored by a human being simply by their presence? I also noticed that several of us have been involved with persons and relationships that seem designed to confuse, defuse, and otherwise distort our learning, as well as drain our energy. Basically, keeping us so stressed that we cannot fulfill our potential. Is there some significance to this observation?

**A:** That is elementary, my dear Knight!

**Q:** One of the things I have learned is that these individuals seem to attach via some sort of psychic hook that enters through our reactions of pity. Can you comment on the nature of pity?

**A:** Pity those who pity.

**Q:** But, the ones who are being pitied, who generate sensations of pity, do not really pity anybody but themselves.

**A:** Yes...?

**Q:** Then, is it true as my son said, when you give pity, when you send love and light to those in darkness, or those who complain and want to be "saved" without effort on their own part, when you are kind in the face of abuse and manipulation, that you essentially are giving power to their further disintegration, or contraction into self-ishness? That you are powering their descent into STS?

**A:** You know the answer!

**Q:** Yes. I have seen it over and over again. Were the individuals in our lives selected for the extremely subtle nature of their abilities to evoke pity, or were we programmed to respond to pity so that we were blind to something that was obvious to other people?

**A:** Neither. You were selected to interact with those who would trigger a hypnotic response that would ultimately lead to a drain of energy.

**Q:** (T) Well, it is a fact, because my energy is sure drained. (L) What is the purpose of this draining of energy?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (T) So you can't concentrate or do anything. You can't get anywhere with anything.

**A:** Or, at least not the important things.

**Q:** (T) Is that why my concentration is so low?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is L a robot type?

**A:** You are dealing with a no-win situation!!

**Q:** It is a no win situation...

**A:** As you know.

**Q:** (T) So, if I don't get out, I will just keep going down. Is it the area or the person?

**A:** Both. One is wrapped within the other.

**Q:** (L) Why is it that it seems to be one of the primary things about us that prevents us from acting against such situations, is our fear of hurting another person? That was the chief thing that kept me in my marriage for so long. And, only when I knew that it was hurting the kids more to stay, did I have the power to get out. Why are we so afraid of hurting someone's feelings if they are hurting us?

**A:** Not correct concept. You do not need to "act against them," you need to act in favor of your destiny.

**Q:** But, when you do that, these persons make you so completely miserable that there seems to be no other choice but a parting of the ways.

**A:** Yes, but that is not "acting against." Quite the contrary. In fact, remember, it takes two to tango, and if you are both tangoing when the dance hall bursts into flames, you both get burned!!!

**Q:** Why is it that when one tries to extricate from such a "tango," why is there is such violent resistance to letting you go when it is obvious, clearly obvious, that they do not have any feeling for you as a human being?

**A:** It is not "they." We are talking about conduits of attack.

**Q:** What is it that makes them susceptible to becoming conduits of attack?

**A:** All STS are candidates for this. There are only about 6 billion of you though.

**Q:** Okay, all people can be conduits of attack. (L) Would just coming down and working with us on Saturdays, on a regular basis, help him to get his concentration back?

**A:** Making the necessary changes would.

**Q:** Is it true that being in the presence of such people, that one is under the influence of an energy, an emanation from them physically, that befuddles the mind and makes it almost impossible to think ones' way out of the situation?

**A:** It is the draining of energy that befuddles the mind.

**Q:** Where does this energy drain to?

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** They drain our energy from us and 4th density STS harvests it from them?

**A:** "They" do nothing!!!! 4th density STS does it all through them!

**Q:** (T) Well, I would like to know what is it in us that makes us attracted to such people.

**A:** It was the idea of 4th density STS.

**Q:** That means that they can control your thoughts and emotions, put ideas into your head, and you think it is a good idea to "save" someone. You don't know. It is taught in our religions and culture to give until it hurts, and, in fact, to give because it hurts. The whole situation is designed and controlled from another level. Any further comment on this subject?

**A:** Once you have truly learned the program, just plug it in.

**Q:** I guess once you have truly learned what is being said here, just plug it in...

**A:** No. We mean that all you have to do is learn the patterns of behavior, the subtle signs, and you will always have the ability of avoiding it. Your own as well as others.

**Q:** So, once you have learned the program from this person, you will be able to avoid getting into another, similar one. (T) But, I should have learned it from H. I did the same thing twice. (L) Well, when you are wounded, it is hard to see clearly.

**A:** The signs were present, but you did not read them.

**Q:** (L to Tom) You ignored it.

**A:** No, he did not yet know the program. Anticipate not!

**Q:** I guess that means that when you are thinking that you can change another person, or that changing something about what you are doing naturally will help them, you are anticipating.

**A:** Or that it would be different that it turned out to be.

**Q:** Well, you knew that there was a lot wrong in the beginning, but you thought that it would be different. Ark's mother is sick. Will she be better soon?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** He is carrying a very heavy burden just now, and I am concerned for him.

**A:** Does this surprise you? Unfortunately, Ark still does not completely know this program.

**Q:** Are you suggesting that this sickness of his mother's has been caused from 4th density STS?

**A:** Lesson number 1: Always expect attack. Lesson number 2: Know the modes of same. Lesson number 3: Know how to counteract same.

**Q:** When a person is sick, old and one's mother... the only thing to do is take care of it. But, I guess that it is true that anything that tends to cause interference in doing what one is here to do could be considered attack. Whether it is your mother being sick, or your kid falling off a bicycle and breaking his arm. It is all related to lack of vigilance on the part of the one who is the conduit of attack.

**A:** When you are under attack, expect the unexpected, if it is going to cause problems...

**Q:** So, if there is something that can cause problems, expect it to happen.

**A:** But, if you expect it, you learn how to "head it off," thus neutralizing it. This is called vigilance, which is rooted in knowledge. And, what does knowledge do?

**Q:** Protects! Is there anything I can do to help?

**A:** How so?

**Q:** Well, I don't know. I guess that a person just has to come to the full realization that virtually everything that happens on the planet - no exceptions - is a symbol of some interaction of STS vs STO energy at higher levels.

**A:** Yes, and that is not as of yet realized. It must be part of a natural learning process.

**Q:** Well, I guess that all of us tend to keep one or another area sacrosanct and think that it is not subject to attack, or that we can use logic and 3rd density thinking to explain it. Until a person realizes that attack can come through even one's self, wives and husbands, children and parents, friends, virtually ANYBODY - NOBODY is exempt.

**A:** The block is a lack of faith in the concept. Remember, when one has been indoctrinated by religion, culture and/or science, they are predisposed to view all things in the sense of the measureable physical reality exclusively.

**Q:** Well, in Ark's case, is something going to happen for him that will give him a view under the surface, so to speak?

**A:** Please do not anticipate. This is a logjam of "quantum" proportions.

**Q:** Well, I think he is cured of thinking that certain people can be helped.

**A:** But he is not cured of his lack of faith in the reality of non-physical attack.

**Q:** Speaking of non-physical attack, I went through some things this morning that were rather unpleasant. I later discovered that at the same time I was experiencing this, there was communication from the Brana woman. Is there a connection between his correspondence with her and my feeling that an elephant is sitting on my chest? When this happens, I actually feel like my spirit is being compressed in a painful way. Is there a relationship between this and the Brana person.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Is there any relationship between the Brana correspondence and the fact that Jim also wrote to him and JW, the spook, called me today?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Is there any relationship between all of these portals of attack, and the things I have been discovering in the past week or so?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Can you tell me anything about this at all?

**A:** If it does not need to be answered, that may mean that it has already been answered, simply because, though you have much still to learn, you have learned so much already, my dear. And, on that note, good night.

**Q:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

