## August 16, 1997
Frank, Laura, Andromeda

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Kiloaea.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I noticed in Genesis Chapter 33, verse 11, it says that Jacob, who wrestled with the angel the previous night and was on his way to see his brother Esau, who he had tricked into giving up his blessing years before, "gave Esau the blessing". What was this? The birthright from his father or the blessing Jacob received from the angel?

**A:** Trampled leaves of wrath.

**Q:** This is what Jacob gave to Esau?

**A:** Yes, and what is the "core" meaning there?

**Q:** I don't know. What is the core meaning?

**A:** Leaves are of the Tree of Apples, from whence we get the proverbial "grapes of wrath," the Blue Apples incarnate!

**Q:** Why are these leaves 'trampled?'

**A:** Removes chlorophyll.

**Q:** What is the significance of the chlorophyll?

**A:** When the chlorophyll dies, the autumnal equinox is at hand.

**Q:** Did this signify something about the autumnal equinox?

**A:** Discover what the significance is, my Dear!

**Q:** Why did Jacob then deceive his brother again? He was to travel and meet him in Edom, but then went in the other direction as soon as Esau was on his way.

**A:** Refer to last answer, and cross reference.

**Q:** After wrestling with the 'angel,' Jacob was renamed 'Israel,' which means 'he will rule as a god.' This tends to make me think that this angel whom Jacob seems to have conjured, did something. What was this being that Jacob wrestled with?

**A:** Elohim provides the conventional response.

**Q:** And you have told us about the Elohim. Okay. I will look it up. What did it mean when it said that the 'angel touched him in the hollow of the thigh,' which did something to him. What was meant by the 'hollow of the thigh?'

**A:** Branch.

**Q:** You mean genetic? His gonads?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** Ponder. If you ponder this, lightbulbs will illuminate.

**Q:** Well, I don't think I am going to get any more on it. Now, next question: in playing with my 11 house zodiac, it became apparent that, in order for it to work properly, the circle must be converted from 360 degrees to 330 degrees. Now, this made me think about the degrees in a circle. With a 360 degree circle, the total as well as all the cardinal points are numbers that total 9. Frank and I have examined this idea of numbers having some sort of 'frequency' effect on all things, and it seems to be true in a VERY deep sense. So, all our measurements on our globe are based on the number 9, and this is NOT a friendly number! The ancient gods were known as 'they who measure,' and this imposition of a 360 degree circle on our world, and a 12 sign zodiac, is part of a system that imposes a frequency or vibration on our reality that is quite destructive. It perpetuates the negative existence. Am I getting close to the proper understanding here?

**A:** The proper understanding is more important than how it was reached.

**Q:** So, it is the conclusion. But, the deeper I go, the more I see that this world is REALLY controlled by these negative beings! They really have us under their thumbs.

**A:** Do they?? If so, then how is it that you can communicate with us?

**Q:** Well, obviously, not completely. They like to THINK they do. But, working with my zodiac, I can't decide where the year ought to begin. Supposedly the Egyptians began the year in the summer, Midsummer. But, it seems to me that it ought to begin in the winter at the winter solstice. But, then, it is backwards in the Southern Hemisphere. So, which of the solstices or equinoxes would be the proper one for the beginning of the year?

**A:** Begin as you see fit, everyone else has.

**Q:** That's the truth! Okay, we have this Orion Mystery book. It seems to have quite a bit of discussion on the shafts that hint at something you mentioned a long time ago. They say that the fellows who originally measured the shafts were in error and their measurements are accurate now. But, you mentioned that the shafts change position, so the previous, as well as the current measurements could BOTH be correct. Is that so?

**A:** Ultrasound reading showed inner chambers change in position.

**Q:** What were the functions of the so-called air shafts of these chambers. It seems that the southern shaft of the Queen's chamber orients to Sirius, and the southern shaft of the King's chamber orients to Orion, but only at certain times. What was the function of the orientation to these stars?

**A:** Stand within airshaft of the queen's chamber, and you shall not age.

**Q:** You can't do that... they are only about 22 cm square. And, the queen's chamber air shaft does not even open to the outside. And, up in this shaft, they have discovered a little door which has not, to my knowledge, been opened yet. Nevertheless, one could not stand in these shafts.

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** Because they are only 22 cm square!

**A:** You are allowing third density supposition to creep in.

**Q:** Why were they oriented to Orion and Sirius?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** I don't know! I don't think stellar radiation could have anything to do with it. And, the authors of this book think that it is a time marker. It shows the exact orientation at about 2400 B.C. and then at about 10,400 B.C.... What is the significance of this?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** Ouspensky thought that the Grand Gallery held the key to the whole pyramid...

**A:** No.

**Q:** What IS the key to the pyramid?

**A:** Use the math as given.

**Q:** Okay, what was the purpose of the Grand Gallery?

**A:** Energy collector.

**Q:** What were the notches in the floor for?

**A:** Note the sequence.

**Q:** The Queen's chamber is lined with limestone, the King's chamber is lined with black granite. Why the difference?

**A:** Perfection in methods of sound wave construction.

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** Where do you suppose the black granite was excavated?

**Q:** I don't know. Not from there, for sure.

**A:** Okay, so what does this mean?

**Q:** I don't know. I thought there might be a difference in the purposes of the room because of the different construction. But, what you seem to be saying is that it was due to improved techniques of construction. So, the Queen's chamber must have been built first. Did they use the Queen's chamber to perfect the methods so that they could then build the Kings' chamber?

**A:** Important thing here is the method, not the purpose.

**Q:** What brought about the perfection in sound wave construction methods?

**A:** Increased knowledge.

**Q:** How long, from start to finish, did it take to build this pyramid?

**A:** 6 months.

**Q:** And their knowledge was so significantly increased from the building of the Queen's chamber, within this period, that the King's chamber could then be built differently?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was the Queen's chamber finished first?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was it then used to increase the knowledge?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What is behind the little door in the Southern Shaft?

**A:** Secrets of the Parthenon.

**Q:** What are the secrets of the Parthenon?

**A:** You will see.

**Q:** How will I see?

**A:** With your mind's eye.

**Q:** Speaking of seeing, I have been practicing a little bit with the mirror. Am I supposed to see something IN the mirror, or IN my mind?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** So, at some point the mirror will become like a television for me?

**A:** With proper lighting.

**Q:** I have been putting the candle on the floor so that I don't actually see it. So far, nothing.

**A:** Keep going.

**Q:** When I finally DO see something, is it going to freak me out completely?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** There is also supposed to be a secret chamber of Thoth at Heliopolis, that was only to be opened by three as-yet- unborn- kings... so Cheops was told. Is or was there a secret chamber of Thoth at Heliopolis?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Who were or are the 3 unborn kings?

**A:** Not so much people as trends.

**Q:** Okay, like the beasts of Daniel and Revelation. Why were the pyramids in three different sizes?

**A:** Construction refining.

**Q:** Why were they set on a Southwest axis with one of them off-set slightly?

**A:** Magnetic points of locus.

**Q:** Did this have anything to do with symbolizing the belt of Orion?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What was the 'Benben' stone?

**A:** Laboratory.

**Q:** Well, nobody really knows, but they think it was like a pyramidal object, and it has been represented as being on top of an obelisk. Why?

**A:** Energy.

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** It produces energy.

**Q:** What kind?

**A:** EM.

**Q:** Who currently has the Benben stone?

**A:** It is buried.

**Q:** Where?

**A:** In Sinai.

**Q:** Who buried it?

**A:** Saphorus.

**Q:** Who was that?

**A:** Top director of Ahragh creed.

**Q:** What is that?

**A:** These are tales best left to the discoverer, not the demanderer.

**Q:** Why are there no inscriptions on the pyramids themselves?

**A:** Because it was not needed.

**Q:** When was the pyramid closed?

**A:** It is not closed, if you have the key.

**Q:** Who were the first to break into it?

**A:** Arabs.

**Q:** Which reminds me: who REALLY burned the library at Alexandria, since I have heard two stories, one that the Christians did it and the other that the Arabs did it. Which?

**A:** Neither.

**Q:** Who DID burn it?

**A:** Sword keepers of "the lock."

**Q:** Who are the Sword Keepers of the Lock?

**A:** Has to do with Illuminati.

**Q:** What was their purpose in burning this library?

**A:** What is the purpose in burning ANY library?

**Q:** To destroy knowledge. Prevent other people from having access to it. Why was the high priest of the Egyptian rites called "Chief of the Observers?"

**A:** Self-explanatory.

**Q:** Well, not really. What, precisely, is he supposed to be observing?

**A:** All who observe, learn.

**Q:** Why was the site at Giza chosen for the pyramids?

**A:** We suspect you have decided to "chuck" your quest, and have us "lead you by the hand," and therefore, we will refrain from assisting you in this "short-cut" process, as it would not help you ultimately. You have overwhelming, uncontrollable curiosity, but patience pays, my Dear, and "haste makes waste."

**Q:** Okay. But, I had gone through all this material and had assembled all these questions. I thought this was okay, because I always think that I am not doing enough because I don't know enough yet. I just think I ought to learn faster.

**A:** You cannot expect the answers to outpace the questions!

**Q:** Alright. Let me just say: I notice that Giza, the Canary Islands, Mt. Everest, and right here where we are sitting, are all along the same parallel - rather close, in fact. The same line of latitude.

**A:** Good observation.

**Q:** Anything else about that?

**A:** Any pyramids on the same latitude as Wroclaw?

**Q:** Well, I don't know! Are there? Never mind, you are gonna say 'discover!'

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** What was the function of the King's chamber?

**A:** Balancer to Queen's chamber.

**Q:** What was the niche in the Queen's chamber, that resembles the crack in the stone in the Arcadian Shepherd's painting, as well as the window in the St. Anthony painting. What was this for?

**A:** Mind accelerator.

**Q:** Was there like a chair there where you could sit, and the energy converged there?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** One thing that has been driving me nuts is the repeated representation of knees. I mean, they are everywhere. In the zodiac of Dendara there is even a leg with the knee joint as a constellation. And in the Bacchus and Ariadne painting, someone is brandishing a leg. What is it with this knee. I know that the word is related to genes, and that the word 'patella' is related to the root of platter, and thus 'grail,' all of these funny ideas are connected to the knee. Even my name!

**A:** Yes, so leave it until you have more pieces.

**Q:** You mean, I will get more pieces and this will make sense?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, I am lost in a sea of puzzle pieces and I have not even begun to try to assemble them!

**A:** Step by step.

**Q:** We have the phoenix, cranes, herons, doves, ravens, and all are related somehow to speech or writing. Why are all these birds related this way?

**A:** Pass the test.

**Q:** What do you mean 'pass the test?'

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** Well, writing is related to the words for cutting and inscribing and even shearing and sharks. You called the Etruscans 'Penitant Avian Lords,' who were also 'Templar Carriers.' Is this related to these bird images? Then related to speech, writing and shearing?

**A:** Pass the test.

**Q:** So, if you are writing, and you pass the test, then you can be a phoenix, dove or whatever?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** Ark suggested that the Etruscans may have gotten their alphabet as a mirror image. Could it be that they lived on the 'other side' of the mirror?

**A:** Latter is closer.

**Q:** The 'Opening of the Mouth' ceremony which seems to be the focus of the pyramid texts, the ritual that the authors of this book say that the pyramids were built as a site for, what was this ritual? They say that, on a certain day and time, when the stars were aligned properly, that the dead king would be taken into the pyramid, wrapped up as a mummy, stood up, and that his son and successor would open his mouth with some sort of implement to 'free his soul' so that it could fly out the shafts and become a star in Orion. Obviously this cannot be the answer.

**A:** No.

**Q:** What was the Opening of the Mouth, performed on the dead Osiris, by Horus his son, said to be done by an adze of iron...

**A:** Merging of souls, or at least it was hoped.

**Q:** Why was it performed with this specifically mentioned iron adze and the 'iron fingers' of the four 'sons of Horus?'

**A:** What does iron do, if it does not conduct?

**Q:** It can also be a magnet, and magnets have poles. What did the Lotus flower, or the four sons represent?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Now, supposedly, this area, Giza, was originally called Rostau. It took me awhile to realize that this is, literally, Ros-Tau, or Rose-Cross.

**A:** Yet another connection, but why?

**Q:** Well, I don't know! Rostau! That was even before it was called Giza. That is ANCIENT!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Okay, there was an implement found in the pyramid when it was opened. It was an implement that was metal and looked like the Aries symbol. What was this instrument for?

**A:** Sceptor.

**Q:** Why this shape? What was the original purpose for the archetype of such a sceptor?

**A:** Duality of energy flow balance.

**Q:** Was this opening of the mouth, this idea of merging of souls, related to the symbolic 'kiss of the Templars?'

**A:** No, but it is food for thought for you.

**Q:** Hmmmm... okay. Okay. Food for thought. There was also a granite ball found in the pyramid...

**A:** Spherical shape serves as its own gravity to balance trapper.

**Q:** Now, the authors of this book connect the belt of Orion to the phallus, which they connect to the Benben stone, which they then connect to this 'transferring of the kingship' from Osiris to Horus in the symbolic opening of the mouth. Nevertheless, this has a genetic connotation in my mind. Well, one thought led to another, and I connected the three stars of the belt of Orion to the three gonads of the Nephilim. Does this mean that the pyramid can tell us how often the Nephilim come here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is there any connection between the three stars of the belt of Orion and the three gonads of the Nephilim?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay, is the pyramid also telling us cycles of 'return?'

**A:** Maybe, but you should study it more.

**Q:** Certainly I will. Ark is going to try to get the Pyramid Texts for us. Which reminds me, what was the frequent reference to the 'fields of reeds' in these texts?

**A:** Reeds occupy shallow waters.

**Q:** Why shallow waters? What significance?

**A:** Climate was different then, and on that note, Good Night!

**Q:** But I have more questions!!!! Okay, Good Night!

END OF SESSION

