## April 12, 1997
Frank, Alice, Melissa (friend of VG), VG, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Wosarriea.

**Q:** And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have a guest this evening, Melissa, and I have a number of questions that I have been jotting down during the week. But, I guess we need to ask the question that is bugging VG so she can calm down over there.

**A:** Crash.

**Q:** Yes, the recent plane crash in Colorado. Can you tell us what happened?

**A:** Pilot became outed, plane continued on a course as plotted by magnetometers employed by ground based radar and control systems.

**Q:** What do you mean by "pilot became outed?"

**A:** Consciousness terminated.

**Q:** Naturally or by actions of an outside source?

**A:** Watch future reports for clues.

**Q:** (V) Well, I wanted to know if it had anything to do with UFOs. (L) That was where I was heading, but they said to watch for clues.

**A:** Wait and see.

{Wikipedia says about the crash: "Craig David Button (November 24, 1964[^1] - April 2, 1997) was a United States Air Force pilot who died when he crashed an A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft in mysterious circumstances on April 2, 1997. During the incident, Captain Button inexplicably flew hundreds of miles off-course without radio contact, appeared to maneuver purposefully and did not attempt to eject before the crash. His death is regarded as a suicide because no other theory explains the events. His aircraft carried live bombs which were never recovered. It took three weeks to find the crash site. During that time, there was widespread public speculation about Captain Button's intentions and whereabouts.

Craig Button's father, Richard Button, was a retired Air Force Lieutenant Colonel. His mother, Joan Button, was a devoted Jehovah's Witness.

Hurlburt Field at Eglin Air Force Base (home of the Air Force Special Operations Command) is named after Craig Button's uncle, Donald Wilson Hurlburt, who was a B-17 pilot in World War II.

Captain Button was in his single-seat A-10 Thunderbolt II attack aircraft when it took off on a training mission with two other A-10s from Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson, Arizona. His jet was armed with four Mk-82 bombs, 60 magnesium flares, 120 metal chaff canisters and 575 rounds of 30-millimeter ammunition. This training mission would have been the first time Captain Button dropped live ordnance.

Near Gila Bend, Arizona, Captain Button unexpectedly broke formation after receiving in-flight refueling. He flew in a northeasterly direction towards the Four Corners area of Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona and Utah. His jet was spotted numerous times by observers on the ground. One observer, an off-duty pilot, said the jet appeared to maneuver around bad weather. This observation suggested to the Air Force that the aircraft was being flown manually and purposefully. The flight was tracked by radar in Phoenix, Albuquerque and Denver. But because Captain Button's transponder was turned off, the aircraft was only tracked, not identified. It was only after analyzing radar data later that investigators were able to track Button's flight.

The jet zig-zagged near the end of its flight. It was last spotted in the air about 100 miles (160 km) west of Denver.[^18] The jet impacted terrain about 15 miles (24 km) SW of Vail, Colorado, on Gold Dust Peak (39°28'44N 106°35'40 W) in a remote part of Eagle County. The Air Force concluded the jet probably had two to five minutes of fuel remaining when it crashed.[19] The impact occurred at about 13,200 feet (4,000 m) of elevation, just 100 feet (30 m) below the summit. The debris field was over a quarter-mile-square area (0.64 km2). Pieces of the canopy and cockpit went over a ridge.

The search for the crash site was conducted by the US Air Force, Colorado Air National Guard and the Civil Air Patrol. A U-2 reconnaissance plane from Beale Air Force Base in California overflew the area and identified five possible sites. Twenty days after Button's aircraft disappeared, an Air Force TH-53A helicopter spotted metal fragments in the snow on Gold Dust Peak. Steep terrain, bad weather, high winds, deep snow, rock slides and avalanches hampered access to the site. Rodents were even found to be chewing through the ropes of recovery personnel. It was several more days before the wreckage was confirmed to be Captain Button's missing A-10. It took another four months to recover the human remains.

The four 500-pound Mk-82 bombs were never found despite an exhaustive search involving metal detectors and ground-penetrating radar. The bombs were designed to survive a crash and the Air Force expected to find them at the site. Furthermore, the aircraft's bomb racks were recovered in the wreckage, and they indicated that the bombs had not been released. Yet, more than four dozen witnesses reported hearing loud explosions in Northern Arizona and also near Telluride and Aspen in Colorado. However, no evidence was found to support the idea that Button released the weapons where the explosions were heard. The Mk-82 bombs can throw shrapnel more than a mile (1.6 km), and the crash site was less than 4000 feet (1.2 km) from a deep alpine lake."}

**Q:** (L) Next question: I would like to know what is the "Council of Nine," as I have read about in several books. Now, there was an ancient council of nine, and then there is the one talked about by Phyllis Schlemmer, and it is supposed to be group of aliens located somewhere in North Dakota, or something like that. Are there any references on the council of nine that you can give us?

**A:** Partial deception.

**Q:** Partial deception in the ancient references, or the modern ones?

**A:** Take ancient references and interpret modern accounts according to current events profile.

**Q:** Okay. I can do that. Onto the other questions. One of the ancient apocryphal texts recounts the story that Joseph, husband of Mary, the mother of Jesus, described the night that Jesus was born and in that account, he described an event that could only be "frozen time." In other words, he said that time stopped. He described people sitting at dinner with their food half-way to their mouths, arms frozen, jaws frozen in the act of chewing, and the same effect with cattle and so forth. But, that he was on his way to get a midwife when this occurred. Did, in fact, time stop at the time of the birth of Jesus?

**A:** Time "stops" for many at many times according to their individual sensitivity levels.

**Q:** According to sensitivity level. Why does sensitivity level have something to do with time stopping?

**A:** It has stopped for you too.

**Q:** Does it ever stop for the whole planet at once?

**A:** It never "started."

**Q:** It's just perception. This is a funny question: I have a red birthmark on the back of my head, in the hair, my brother has one, and I noticed that Ark has one, too. What is the significance of this birthmark, if any?

**A:** Later.

**Q:** Okay. Not gonna answer that. Now, I would like to know who the Olmecs were.

**A:** Be more specific.

**Q:** Okay, what is the genetic origin of the Olmecs?

**A:** Basically the same as yours.

**Q:** In some of the ancient carvings of the Olmecs, they were always carved with a cleft in their foreheads. Did this represent an actual physical cleft?

**A:** Designation in the art work is for "The Nation of the Third Eye."

**Q:** We have talked about the Nation of the Third Eye before. What is the third eye and how does one activate it?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** Well, what I think may be erroneous. Is it the pineal gland?

**A:** May be part of the picture.

**Q:** Is the third eye something one can use to view their reality?

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** What is the best method for activating it?

**A:** This is a good one, for example.

**Q:** Oh, you mean channeling. There was an ancient custom of skull trepanation. Why were ancient peoples volunteering to have their heads cut open in droves?

**A:** Trying to locate the source of the mystery.

**Q:** Did any of them succeed with this operation?

**A:** We seriously doubt it.

**Q:** Well, well. What was the origin of the practice of human sacrifice?

**A:** We have answered many of these inquiries for you before, in so many ways.

**Q:** Yes, I know. But, I don't think I ever asked this question directly, though there are allusions to it.

**A:** Allusions provide pieces to the mosaic, thus empowering your learning channel.

**Q:** Why are you hitting all the letters off to the side tonight?

**A:** Energy fields vary according to electromagnetic condition variances in the atmosphere surrounding your 3rd density locator.

**Q:** What is the source of this present variance?

**A:** Solar flare.

**Q:** (V) So the recent solar flare is having an impact! And the news people said it was not big enough to be experienced in any way. (L) One of the things I was doing last night was a little web search on the word "Brana," because we have a particular interest in finding out if there is any significance to this. I found some very interesting things about this word. I discovered that it was an Old English word for a blackbird or crow. It can also be a name in Yugoslavia and Russia. It was also the name of a great Irish king. Anything further you can add to that list?

**A:** What does this tell you?

**Q:** Well, that maybe the source of funding {Sue Brana and Gain Systems mentioned in previous session – they wanted to fund Ark's research on crop circles} is not in this country. Maybe Russia?

**A:** Beware of unexpected assistance.

**Q:** We can be wary and still utilize it, can't we?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** If, if fact, there is a power mad clique running the world, what difference would it make if you got money from one country or another?

**A:** That is not the point: who is "running" the "power mad clique?"

**Q:** (L) So... (V) The Lizzies, the Lizzies...

**A:** Okay...

**Q:** So you are essentially indicating in a roundabout way that we ought to ditch this offer?

**A:** Not so. We are indicating in a straightforward way that you should strive for objectivity at all times, and especially at junctures such as this, and not let subjectivity or emotions or hastily thought of ideas or decisions rule you!

**Q:** Could it also be possible that this source, this "Brana," is in contact with the alleged Orion group?

**A:** Excuse us?

**Q:** I mean the Quorum as you have described?

**A:** Always be vigilant so as not to perceive a tangled web as a neatly constructed loop

**Q:** The suggestion was made in another session that we need to devote some time and energy to the crop circle problem.

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** And finding funding to do this in the correct way, as in networking and so on, is difficult, to say the least.

**A:** Patience pays... "Haste makes waste."

**Q:** Well, we would not be doing it primarily to develop technology, but for information of a more cosmic or theoretical nature. Now, whether that would lead to technology is another question.

**A:** Review from whence and how this offer originated before you "leap into it," lest you become the fish that is attracted to the really shiny and tasty looking lure!

**Q:** Well, then...

**A:** Review for insight... it will come!

**Q:** Who was responsible for the lost luggage? {Ark had returned to Poland and his luggage was "lost". It was not "found" until a day or two later, and then it was erroneously delivered to his ex-wife's apartment.}

**A:** Polish authorities. Now, in addendum to previous discussion: Ask and you shall receive. Receive without asking, and you shall be deceived!

**Q:** Ask and you shall receive. In what direction should we focus the asking without risk of being deceived?

**A:** Suggest you start by approaching channels you have some knowledge of, and in whom you have some degree of trust! Contact Colin Andrews, maybe? But, keep all options and avenues for research and funding open.

**Q:** Is this the most we can get on this for now?

**A:** Probably...

**Q:** Let me go back to the luggage. The Polish authorities, as in which branch?

**A:** Secret police.

**Q:** What were they looking for? Just anything?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did they satisfy themselves that there was nothing subversive in there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Why, then, did they cause the luggage to be delivered where it was?

**A:** Honest mistake.

**Q:** (L) Was this mistake stimulated by the Lizzies?

**A:** In that vein, there is little in your STS locator that is not, ultimately.

**Q:** What was the reaction of the recipient of the luggage? {Ark's ex-wife. She apparently was able to open the luggage, steal several items, and replace the lead customs' seal. One of the items stolen was a tape recording L made for Ark. Another was Ark's research journal. And finally, a collection of one-of-a-kind photographs L had given to Ark which his ex-wife apparently destroyed.}

**A:** Stunned.

**Q:** Was I correct when I thought that there was rushing off to find someone to translate the tape?

**A:** Well, it was more like rushing off to "find my lawyer."

**Q:** Is this information going to be used in a detrimental way against him?

**A:** Yes.

{It was. She claimed to never have seen the items that were stolen, but later included paragraphs from Ark's research journal in a court filing.}

**Q:** Is the luggage going to be returned?

**A:** Wait and see... "Stay tuned, fasten your seatbelts," etc...

{Ark had to go and retrieve it.}

**Q:** Anything further you can give to help me sleep tonight?

**A:** Ask...

**Q:** Is it going to prolong the proceedings?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Will she show up at the hearing?

**A:** Will most likely ask for a delay, based upon "new information," to be entered into evidence.

{She did that, exactly.}

**Q:** Would it be a good idea for him to suggest that he can get an American divorce?

**A:** Good idea!!

**Q:** Should it be let out so that she will hear of it?

**A:** Why not proceed discreetly?

**Q:** Would it be advisable to pursue the money issue? {Ark's ex-wife had emptied his bank accounts the day after he told her he wanted a divorce. She claimed to the court that she could not return half the money because she had given it all to the Catholic Church to "buy masses" for Ark's sinning soul. We later learned that this was a lie.}

**A:** It might be advisable for A to simply concentrate upon his new beginning as opposed to the old, dead past...

**Q:** Does that mean that he will not be able to get the legal affairs straightened out in Poland?

**A:** This is a complicated situation which will unfold in a proper way if handled in a positive, forward looking manner.

**Q:** Forward looking would be looking to the future?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Does that mean looking out for some of his interests?

**A:** See previous response.

**Q:** My original thought was that he should just walk away from it, let her have it. There are other opportunities.

**A:** Look ahead, not back.

**Q:** I think that the pictures and tape will be gone when he gets the luggage back. {I was right.}

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Why was she stunned at what was in the luggage?

**A:** Think of all that was in the luggage, and you will know the answer to that question.

**Q:** Was it the pictures?

**A:** See previous answer, obsession aideth not, my dear!

**Q:** I am not obsessed! I am curious.

**A:** Worry not, just sit back and enjoy the show!

**Q:** I can't enjoy myself if I think she is going to make him suffer! {She sure tried.}

**A:** No more on this!

**Q:** Okay, recently when I asked about reality merges, and you talked about reality bridges, and at another time we talked about Frank's life changing at the time that "reality is abridged." Is there a relationship between those concepts?

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** You mentioned important junctures. Do these junctures relate to time markers as you have also mentioned?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it so that when one makes a certain choice or decision, one can either enter or exit, or both, one universal construct or another?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Okay, if one makes certain extremely significant choices in one's life, at certain significant junctures, does that change one's reality in a complete way?

**A:** Just remember this: as we have told you before, network, meditate, learn and strive for answers, and ask for what you need. Always be in control of your own ship...

**Q:** (M) There is a symbol that always comes to my mind, and I would like to know what this symbol means? [draws symbol which looks like two spirals back to back.]

**A:** The duality of body and spirit... the two perfectly interlock for those in the physical/material planes. One reflects the other always in the timeless existence of all creation!

**Q:** What is the origin of that symbol?

**A:** Symbols always naturally evolve of pure consciousness thought form.

**Q:** Anything further on that symbol?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Can it be used for anything?

**A:** Learning, the empowerment that arises from the acquisition of knowledge.

**Q:** We thank you, and good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

