## May 31, 1997
Frank, Laura, Alice.

**Q:** Now, I have a couple of questions for Ark, first of all, and then will get on to my questions. The first question is...

**A:** You did not ask: "Hello."

**Q:** I'm sorry! Hello!

**A:** In a bit of a rush, are we?

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Zollanah.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Okay, I am not so much in a rush as I want to fit as much in as I can. First question: You say that EM is interwoven with gravity. Santilli says that EM and gravity are the same. But, then there is light. Light is EM radiation. If so, then how is it that gravity, which is interwoven with EM, travels faster than EM, that is: supercedes light speed?

**A:** Gravity does not "travel."

**Q:** Well, when you say that gravity 'supercedes' light speed, what exactly do you mean?

**A:** Gravity is equally located in all realms at once, in space/time.

**Q:** Now, the possible answer is that gravity travels as a phase, while light travels as a 'bunch' of waves. Is this the correct understanding?

**A:** The gravity wave is merely a "ripple" in the omnipresent fabric; the base energy facilitator.

**Q:** What is a fabric base facilitator?

**A:** Gravity is the fabric, and energy facilitator as well.

**Q:** If gravity is the fabric, base and facilitator, what is being facilitated?

**A:** You read it wrong. It is base, as in "basic" energy facilitator.

**Q:** How does gravity facilitate... (A) What does it facilitate?

**A:** We have told you before that gravity is the foundational force of absolutely everything!!! This means at all density levels, all dimensions... It is the "stuff" of all existence. Without it, nothing would exist. Your thoughts are based in gravity, too!!

**Q:** Okay, you said that light is the energy expression of gravity. How does light manifest at 7th density?

**A:** Light is seventh density.

**Q:** Well, so light is 7th density. And you said that light is the energy expression of gravity. And you said that gravity is God. So, does this also mean that light is gravity?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay, what is the distinction between gravity and light?

**A:** What is the distinction between concrete and cement?

**Q:** Well, I am not entirely sure. I think cement is a concentrated stuff and that concrete has sand and rocks and so forth mixed with it to make it work better. And it has water mixed with it. How does light manifest on 6th density? Can you give me a relationship?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** Well, I know it's vague! You say that light is 7th density. You say that gravity is God, and God and 7th density are the same, and...

**A:** No. 7th density is "union with the One."

**Q:** What is the distinction between union with the One and God?

**A:** Only at 7th density is God unified.

**Q:** When God 'disunifies,' or 'destabilizes,' or 'disperses,' where, and I know 'where' is not the right term, what density is then manifested?

**A:** Wrong concept totally.

**Q:** What is the RIGHT concept?

**A:** Well, first of all, God does not destabilize or disperse, for that matter. Purge the linear inner concept.

**Q:** Okay, I am purging. All just simply is. At 7th density there is union with the One. At 6th density there is... what? An equal balance of dark and light, or being and non-being, is that correct?

**A:** Pure consciousness no need to physicalise.

**Q:** And, I think that there are the 3 ethereal densities, and the 3 material densities, and the middle density, the variable physical/ethereal density...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** And these densities are only distinguishable by virtue of the nearness to union with the One, is that correct?

**A:** Nearness?

**Q:** Well, you know I don't mean it in a that sense... Help me out here!

**A:** No, you are doing just fine.

**Q:** Now, I am seeing it sort of like the perpendicular reality image. The circle in the center, and the outraying perpendicular realities which go out and out and out, and eventually come back to the center, because the gravity in the center brings them back. Something happens in a concentric circle sort of way, or in the idea of the shells of an atom sort of way, that distinguishes shells, or states of being, in relation to this center and these perpendicular realities. What is the level of shells, the realm levels, what is the relationship between the perpendicular reality and its moving outward that distinguishes it at certain relational points from the center itself? I understand that it is consciousness, but we are also dealing with non-being. Being and non-being. What is the relationship of these perpendicular realities to the seven realms of existence?

**A:** Not essentially correct. Perpendicular reality is knowledge/awareness/being matrix. Realms are merely experiential divisions based upon consciousness energy directors.

**Q:** What are consciousness energy directors?

**A:** Compare yourself to your backyard denizen. How do each of you view calculus?

**Q:** Well, I don't know exactly what calculus is, but I know it is important. I never thought I was able to learn such things, so I didn't try. But, I think it is important, and someday I will know something about it. I am sure that the dog would not only think it is not useful, he would not even be aware of it. How does that relate to consciousness energy directors?

**A:** All in nature seeks balance. One day, so to speak, "Percy" will indeed have an opinion of calculus.

**Q:** Okay, so consciousness energy directors are like a horizontal reality in relation to the perpendicular ones?

**A:** Slots, my dear, slots.

**Q:** Are these slots comparable to the appearing and disappearing of electrons in the shells of an atom?

**A:** Not the point. You are still trying to use 3rd density awareness to measure the reality parameters of all other density levels... Talk about your square peg and your round hole! Tell Arkadiusz to trust in gravity waves to be merely his pathway to higher understanding, not the means to an end.

**Q:** Now you have mentioned these 'slots.' What are these slots, and how does one move from one slot to another?

**A:** Picture this: you have 7 sizes of marbles. You have 7 widths of slots. Where do the marbles "fit in."

**Q:** Do the marbles represent units of consciousness?

**A:** Close. Or, divisions of consciousness level energy resonance profiles.

**Q:** Do these divisions of consciousness grow and change?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And they grow and change through acquiring knowledge, is that correct?

**A:** Basically.

**Q:** And acquiring knowledge is akin to acquiring energy? Or light? Light energy?

**A:** Not exactly. That would be like saying that "filling up" at the gas station is akin to acquiring speed.

**Q:** So, knowledge and light are like the gas for the car, but speed comes from utilization?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And utilization means...

**A:** Knowledge application which generates energy, which, in turn, generates light.

**Q:** So, when one of these marbles is in a slot, does it fill up with gas which then enables it to move to another slot?

**A:** What!?!

**Q:** Well, I'm using your analogy!

**A:** No, you are mixing analogies!

**Q:** Let me back up then, and regroup. We have marbles in slots...

**A:** What causes the marbles to go into the slots? Gas?!??

**Q:** Okay. Where do they get the gas from?

**A:** That was an entirely different analogy, used only as a retort to an erroneous assumption, nothing more!

**Q:** Let me back up again. Marbles in slots. What are the slots?

**A:** An analogy to depict realms for you.

**Q:** Do the marbles move from one slot to another?

**A:** When, and only when, they have acquired the proper fit.

**Q:** Oh. How do they acquire the proper fit?

**A:** How do you?

**Q:** I guess you grow?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** Let me change gears because I am getting in so deep that I don't even know which way to go just now. My brain is having trouble coping. Ark wants to know if the 1925-27 theory is better than the later attempts?

**A:** Better in the sense of less political corruption. Coping is only necessary when one is not open.

**Q:** Well, I am open, but I have to sit down and type it out and think about it to know where to go with it...

**A:** And what happens when you do this?

**Q:** Well, I absorb it. And then it leads to other questions. Is that okay?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** Here is this purported letter from a Carlos Allende to Dr. Jessup. Now, whether Carlos was a real person or not, what I want to know is if the information is somewhat accurate? Is it a reliable source of information?

**A:** Is that not obvious?

**Q:** I thought it was. He said that Einstein did computations on cycles of human civilization and progress, compared to the growth of man's general character and development, and that this horrified him. Now, this is the very thing you suggested I do to find clues. And, I am doing it. It says here that Einstein was doing the same thing. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What horrified him?

**A:** The discovery of variability of physicality, and all that that implies, when one knows all that Einstein knew up to that point.

**Q:** So, 4th density blew him away!

**A:** And the other density levels. One begins with the premise that the material realm is the "whole shooting match," discovers it is not, must rethink everything.

**Q:** So, it hit Einstein like a ton of bricks. Change gears: Ark has been having a problem sleeping at night and staying awake in the office. The building is a number 9, but there is also the Max Planck Institute across the street. Is it the number 9, or the Max Planck Institute across the street?

**A:** Well, we vote for Max!

**Q:** So, what are they doing over there in that building that is affecting him?

**A:** Better question: What are "they" doing on 4th density that is affecting him?

**Q:** Since that is a better question, what ARE they doing on 4th density that is affecting Ark?

**A:** Guess.

**Q:** Is he being abducted from this building?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are they STS or STO?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** Are they zapping him with some kind of frequency modulation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Why is it more effective in that building than in the basement or at his hotel?

**A:** Because of Max.

**Q:** Okay, they are using whatever is going on in that building to zap Ark. Anything else they are doing there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Could you tell me what?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is there anything else they are doing to Ark?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Can you tell me?

**A:** Body chemistry alteration.

**Q:** In what sense is there body chemistry alteration going on?

**A:** Brain wave factors.

**Q:** Is there something he can do for protection?

**A:** He soon will leave the area.

**Q:** Well, during the time he is there, how much damage can they do?

**A:** Probably not much.

**Q:** Is there any other step he can take other than going to the library or staying in his hotel?

**A:** Good idea!

**Q:** Anything else?

**A:** One shot of whiskey per day will help.

**Q:** Well, that is a bizarre thing to say! A shot of whiskey?! That will help his brain chemistry?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** What is this altering of his brain chemistry designed to do?

**A:** Befuddle.

**Q:** Well, I think it is working. Any other suggestion? Come on, we are you in the past! Help us out here!

**A:** Then you will know in the "future."

**Q:** Well, then, since I know in the future, why don't I tell me in the past anything else that will help besides staying in the hotel, or the basement, and drinking a shot of whiskey a day?

**A:** No need.

**Q:** And you are not going to tell us what they are doing over there in the Max Planck Institute?

**A:** As Carlos Allende would say: "If you knew, you would die of shock."

**Q:** That is NOT friendly! I don't want to know things that are not friendly. Now, you have got me so startled that I don't even know if the path I am following in researching the history and the other things is even worthwhile or useful.

**A:** Oh, you bet it is!!!!!

**Q:** Is the historical research going to gradually bring me to this knowledge that would cause me to now 'die of shock?'

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** In the information I now have on the Canaries, I found that a strange icon appeared on the island long before the conquest, long before any missionaries or Europeans arrived. The natives were the big, blond types. They said that they knew this icon was divine because following its appearance, there were processions of angels, or divine beings, up and down the beach where it appeared, lights, smells, chanting and singing and so forth. How did the statue of the Virgin of Candelaria arrive on the beach at Tenerife?

**A:** Teleportation.

**Q:** Who teleported it there?

**A:** The "Celts."

**Q:** Celts in the sense of the Druids?

**A:** Or in the sense of Atlanteans.

**Q:** Now, you said before that Atlanteans were not Celts, is that correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** The Atlanteans were Celts?

**A:** "Celts, Druids," etc... are merely latter day designations.

**Q:** Let's back up here. You said that the Celts came from Kantek. They were transported by the Lizzies... brought here, correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** When the Lizzies did this, how many Celts were physically brought here?

**A:** Hundreds of millions.

**Q:** How long, in our terms, did it take to bring these Celts to this planet? Or, is this ongoing?

**A:** Well, in the sense that you measure it, let us say about a week.

**Q:** Did they transport them in ships, that is some sort of structure. That is, did they load them up, move them into 4th density, reemerge here in 3rd density, or something like that?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** And they unloaded them in the area of the Caucasus, is that correct?

**A:** And regions surrounding.

**Q:** And, that was what, 79 to 80 thousand years ago?

**A:** Over 80,000.

**Q:** As I understand it, Atlantis was already quite a developed civilization at that time, is that correct?

**A:** Yes, but regions change with waves of immigration, or conquest... witness your own lands.

**Q:** You also said once that there was a nuclear war in India and that this was what was being discussed in the Vedas when it talks about the 'blue-skinned' people who weren't really blue because they were Celts, and they were flying in aircraft, and they were engaged in this war, etc. Who were the Celts at war with?

**A:** The Paranthas.

**Q:** Now, wait a minute! Who are the Paranthas?! Do we have a new player here?

**A:** Not new.

**Q:** Do we know them by another name?

**A:** Choose.

**Q:** The Atlanteans? Were the Celts of India at war with the Atlanteans in the Atlantic?

**A:** Atlantis was merely a home base of an advanced civilisation of 3 races of humans occupying different sections of a huge Island empire, which, in itself, underwent 3 incarnations over a 100,000 year period as you would measure it.

**Q:** The 3 races were the Celts... and who were the second and third?

**A:** Or Kantekkians.

**Q:** Are the Kantekkians different from the Celts?

**A:** Only in the sense of long term racial and genetic blending.

**Q:** So, Atlantis had the Kantekkians and who else?

**A:** Race you would call "Native Americans," and a third, no longer existing race, somewhat resembling Australian or Guinean aborigines, only lighter in complexion.

**Q:** Was this third group destroyed by the other two?

**A:** One of the 3 cataclysms.

**Q:** Paranthas. Who were the Paranthas?

**A:** Nation of race mentioned above.

**Q:** So, the Paranthas were the antecedents of the Abos of Australia?

**A:** Yes, and compare to now existing peoples of India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Australia, and New Guinea for similarities, bearing in mind genetic mixing and dilution.

**Q:** Were the Vedas written by the Paranthas or written by the Celts?

**A:** Descendants of Parantha, as per "Divine guidance."

**Q:** That explains a LOT. I was just thinking about it the other day. If these people in India are related to the Celts, as philologists would have us believe due to language roots, there is no way I can understand this because they are simply NOTHING like them in any way. … Okay, I think that you said that this nuclear war happened something like 50,000 years ago. We have taken care of a couple of points; we have 3 races on Atlantis, Celts all over the place... did the Celts conquer the Atlanteans?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did they just move in and hang out?

**A:** They took over the Northern section.

**Q:** At the same time, there were Celts in the Caucasus, along the Baltic, in Ireland, England and Europe...

**A:** Ireland, England, etc. was later.

**Q:** But there were in the Norse lands, as Sweden, Norway and Denmark, they were along the Baltic, and they were in the Caucasus?

**A:** Some above mentioned areas were ice covered.

**Q:** When the philologists track the language roots, they arrive at the Kurgan region, north and west of the Caucasus. Is that where the Celts went when Atlantis was destroyed?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Were the Celts the tall blonds known as the 'Sons of Anak,' who ruled over the Sumerians as described by Sitchen?

**A:** "Celts" are what remains of the original prototype.

**Q:** Okay. Kantekkians. When did...

**A:** Gravity differences account for the height difference

**Q:** When did the Kantekkians, or Celts or whatever arrive on the Canary Islands?

**A:** 12,000 years ago.

**Q:** Did they arrive there from Atlantis directly?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Where from?

**A:** Confused by trauma.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** Guess.

**Q:** Did they come from underground?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** Were they part of the underground race?

**A:** No Laura. What "trauma" do you think we are referring to??

**Q:** The comet cluster? The Flood of Noah?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** When did the Celts or Kantekkians first take up residence in the British Isles?

**A:** Same. 12,000 years ago.

**Q:** Were the Picts also Celts?

**A:** No, Atlantean. Remember, "Celt" is latter day moniker.

**Q:** Were the Picts Kantekkians?

**A:** Originally.

**Q:** Was Abraham a Kantekkian? Was the story of Abraham the story of the Kantekkians being brought to Earth?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was Abraham a Kantekkian or a derivation?

**A:** Latter. But, so are you.

**Q:** Were the Jews that were genetically engineered and then planted in the Middle East... what year was this?

**A:** 130,000 years ago.

**Q:** Good grief! Have they managed to retain any racial purity for that long?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Cayce talks about the division in Atlantis between the "Sons of One" and the "Sons of Belial." Was this a racial division or a philosophical/ religious division?

**A:** It was the latter two, and before that, the former one.

**Q:** When it was a racial division, which group was it?

**A:** The Sons of Belial were the Kantekkians.

**Q:** Well! That is not good!

**A:** Subjective... you are not bodies, you are souls.

**Q:** You said that there is a group with whom you have been in contact since they were on Kantek. Is this group the Druids?

**A:** No. We will not as of yet identify.

**Q:** Well, I came to the conclusion that the Rosicrucians are just the new incarnation of the Druids. I mean, the Druids disappeared and the Rosicrucians appeared not too long afterward.

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** Julius Caesar had a standard policy of religious toleration. The only exception seems to have been the Druids. He was determined to stamp them out. Why?

**A:** Their mysterious powers.

**Q:** Where did they get these mysterious powers?

**A:** Knowledge passed down.

**Q:** Were the 'angelic beings' that appeared on the Canaries Druids or Rosicrucians?

**A:** They were 4th density.

**Q:** Were they STS of STO?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** Do the STS and STO hang out together?

**A:** Do you hang out with all types of your realm?

**Q:** Well, in these processions of beings that the Guanches of the island saw, were they STS or STO?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** You mean they would see one and then another?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Okay, something that has been bothering me: the Celtic/Kantekkian propensity for head hunting. There are several explanations offered for this, but none of them really makes sense to me. It is almost like a genetic thing for them to cut off heads of their enemies and heroes...

**A:** Why do you clasp hands?

**Q:** When you meet someone?

**A:** No. We mean in prayer.

**Q:** Oh, my! You mean they cut off heads to accrue negative energy to themselves? Power?

**A:** Foundationally.

**Q:** So, it is really kind of like that show on television: "The Highlander." Is that what you mean?

**A:** Research for answer. And, on that note...

**Q:** But I have more questions! I'm not done yet!

**A:** Good Night...

END OF SESSION

