## June 7, 1997
Frank, Laura, Alice

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have this evening?

**A:** Uthurrah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Okay, I have a whole lot of questions, but is there anything you would like to address before I get started?

**A:** Better to just ask away.

**Q:** Alright. I want to clear up some quick ones before I get into the more complicated subjects. Left from last week: We talked about the statue of the Virgin of Candelaria, and the mode of its appearance. But, I want to know what year it arrived on the Canaries?

**A:** No year was measured then.

**Q:** Well, I know the Guanches did not, but related to the Spaniards who arrived later and who learned about it, when was it?

**A:** Maybe 1198 would be good.

**Q:** Now, I notice that the Celtic name for the town of St. Albans is Verulamium, and that is where Henry Percy, son of Hotspur, was killed in battle. I also notice that Sir Francis Bacon was Lord Verulam, and he was thought to be not only a Rosicrucian, but also the author of the Shakespearean plays, as well as some of the Rosicrucian manifestos...

**A:** Check out Alton Towers, for clues.

**Q:** Okay, I will do that. Thank you. Okay. Now, there is a thing called the GONG project on Tenerife. My feeling is that it is a mask for something else.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What, precisely, is the GONG project doing?

**A:** Magnetic frequency. Measurements for possible future use.

**Q:** Future use for what purpose?

**A:** Discovery. Oh, you are so "brilliant."

**Q:** Is brilliant the code word for the discovery here?

**A:** You will see.

**Q:** You guys are so funny! Next: Is there any relation between the dietary restrictions of the Jews and the instructions for animal sacrifice on the alter as delivered in the book of Leviticus, and the present day cattle mutilations and possible use of humans for food?

**A:** Disconnected variables.

**Q:** Okay, let's back up: is there any relationship between the instructions for animal sacrifice and the cattle mutes?

**A:** Only in the general sense of enzyme actions upon leukocytes.

**Q:** Does that mean that the instructions for preparation of sacrificial animals were designed to prepare them for alien 'food?'

**A:** More for energy transfer.

**Q:** Do you mean energy transfer in the a) sense of the transfer of the energy of the animal through the sacrifice, or b) the transfer of the energy of the human performing the sacrifice into the animal, and then through the animal to the alien (and I am using the term alien in its broadest sense) ?

**A:** Why not both?

**Q:** The next thing is the dietary restrictions. Many cultures eat rabbits and pigs, in specific, those of Aryan extraction. The rabbit was sacred to Athena, and the Celts ate a LOT of pork. Yet, here these items are restricted from the diet of the Jews. Is there any relation between the diet as outlined here, and the Aryan genetic tendencies to conquest and domination?

**A:** Trichinosis used to be nonexistent in Aryan types... But, mixing of genetic factors eliminated this.

**Q:** So, the Jews were susceptible to trichonosis, and the Aryans were not?

**A:** Originally.

**Q:** So, it was necessary for the Jews not to eat the pork, but not for the Aryans, and the mixing caused susceptibility. In a general sense, are strong Aryan genetics indicative of the necessity for the consumption of meat?

**A:** In a sense, but pescadorial features substitute semi-adequately.

**Q:** Pescadorial. Semi-adequately. What needed to be added so that the substitution would be not just semi-adequate, but totally adequate?

**A:** Iron/protein levels.

**Q:** So, it is the iron that the Celts need? Well, that brings me to the next question: In all the Celtic folklore when they talk about 'fairies,' which are obviously other density beings very similar to our modern 'Gray alien,' these fairy/slash aliens insist that no iron come near them in any way. It was also said that bringing iron into contact with someone thought to be a 'changeling' would prove whether or not they were because if they were, they would disappear instantly. Also, the instructions for the building of the Temple of Solomon included restrictions on the use of iron in either the preparation of the materials or the putting together of the building itself, even down to the rejection of the use of iron nails in any part. What is the significance of this restriction on the use of iron by these other density beings, whoever they are?

**A:** Bloodline trails.

**Q:** Are you saying that... I don't understand... not even well enough to frame another question...

**A:** You will, my dear, oh will you!

**Q:** If it was necessary for the Aryans to have iron... okay, maybe the iron is something that interacts...

**A:** What about iron as an element?

**Q:** Okay, let's see: {consults dictionary} Iron –derived from early Celt 'iserno,' via Illyrian 'eisarno' from the IndoEuropean base 'eis,' which means to 'move vigorously; strong, holy.' It is a white, malleable, ductile, metallic chemical element that can be readily magnetized, rusts rapidly in moist or salty air, and is vital to plant and animal life; it is the most common and important of all metals, and its alloys, as steel, are extensively used. Symbol: Fe; atomic weight:55.847; atomic number: 26; specific gravity: 7.86; melting point: 1535 degrees Centigrade; boiling point 3,000 degrees C. The electron shells are thus: 2,14,8,2. Iron is an element of blood, hemoglobin, and is easily magnetized... there is some new work about iron and magnetite in the brains of people who are psychic or have 'abduction' experiences... is it the magnetism?

**A:** Yes....

**Q:** Is it something that holds one more firmly in 3rd density, and the elimination of it enables one to switch densities... or...

**A:** Tis magnetite that acts as a conduit, and perhaps, just perhaps, allows for transference back and forth at will?!? And what about the legend about the alchemists? Is not the key term there really transformation?!? And has not the "smoke screen" really been delivered so effectively by all the concentration upon the substance?!? And does not this remind one indeed of all the misguided concentration upon substance rather than meaning that one finds so regularly on 3rd density??

**Q:** I get it! So, it is the magnetite in the body, that collects and holds the charge, and it has absolutely nothing to do with an external substance at all! Is that it?

**A:** You are getting "warmer."

**Q:** Am I right, we need more iron for magnetite, or am I completely off base here?

**A:** You are right, but, do not underestimate the significance of that just delivered! What better deception than to divert the meaning of alchemy, by focusing upon substance, then addicting those souls bound to 3rd density to the substance?

**Q:** Okay, it is the magnetite that acts as a conduit. And the concentration is upon the substance, that is, the magnetite. Let me conjecture that the thing that is believed to be distilled out of the alchemical operations is magnetite, is that correct?

**A:** No, because no need, if not deceived by other efforts.

**Q:** Were these other efforts involved with sexual function?

**A:** More like the results of same.

**Q:** Okay, they were concentrating on...

**A:** Today's version of the deception could be your favorite and mine, "monoatomic gold."

**Q:** Oh, the David Hudson fiasco...

**A:** There too, one is lead astray by substance... Remember our little dissertation about all the really big bangs?

**Q:** Yes.... I remember... and I got a lot of flack from that... The three days of darkness, et cetera... the implications... let's back up...

**A:** Oh my, oh my, we can turn this powder into gold!! And if you eat enough of it, you will have orgasms forever as a light being... Oh my, oh my!!

**Q:** Good point! Getting people addicted to the substance by these claims...

**A:** How addicted is Marti?

**Q:** Yes. She is the one who is really promoting the David Hudson thing...

**A:** Did she want to have orgasms in heaven, or what?!?

**Q:** That's true! That was her idea of heaven - the Hindu lingam and yoni in perpetual motion! Is there something else on this now, or can we move on?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** Well, my night would not have been complete unless you said that! Now, Johan wanted to know the connection between himself and the group here?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Well, I can assure you that he would be very happy to hear something a little more verbose than that!! Is there going to be more interaction?

**A:** See last response.

**Q:** Well, is there anything you can SAY to Johan? Like acknowledge his existence?

**A:** Okay! Acknowledged! Now, wait and see!

**Q:** You guys are TOO MUCH! Next: Cayce remarked in one of his vague dissertations - and for those who accuse the C's of being vague, they ought to read Cayce, since he was a MASTER of vague! He could talk for pages and say NOTHING! - anyway he said that there were a lot of Atlanteans incarnating between the years 1909 and 1930. He described them as having strong minds and emotions as well as an 'engorgement' of carnal influences, self-indulgence and high technical ability. He also warned that there was the possibility repeating the errors of the past. Now, these are the people who have set up the world as we have it today. My question is: are we facing a replay of the Atlantean situation, in karmic terms?

**A:** Well, these cycles do replay from an energy standpoint, but there is always the opportunity to learn and thusly, to advance. Was not his proclamation for those born between 1909 and 1930?? And, if so, what is the significance of when it was delivered, if the orientation was one of the "present" tense?

**Q:** So, it was possible that he was referring to the Hitler, WWII situation.

**A:** Or just not referring to those of a later "date" because it was not germaine? {Seems to be a deliberate misspelling of "germane")

**Q:** Okay. Who are the 'philosophers of Dancar?'

**A:** Philosophers who ride around in Dan's car.

**Q:** That was a serious question! Where and what is Dancar?

**A:** Why do you suppose the response was light hearted?

**Q:** Well, come on! What is Dan's car?

**A:** We ask you to define as best you can.

**Q:** A 'car' belonging to Dan. The subject was talked about in the 18th century.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** To what place were they referring when they talked about Dancar?

**A:** British.

**Q:** Why would they call it Dancar?

**A:** Locator.

**Q:** There is no place called Dancar.

**A:** No?

**Q:** Supposedly, Christian Rosencruetz was initiated by the 'philosophers of Dancar.' I want to know where this blasted place is! Okay, skip it. One of the Rosicrucian manifestos said: 'God has sent messengers and signs in the heavens, namely the new stars in Serpentarius and Cygnus, to show that a great council of the elect is to take place.' What do they mean by a 'great council of the elect?'

**A:** Pyrenees.

**Q:** Okay, the purported enclave of the alchemists... Why was it signified by new stars in Serpentarius and Cygnus? What do they represent?

**A:** Novae.

**Q:** Okay, what is the role of Nitric Oxide in the human body?

**A:** Incomplete request.

**Q:** Okay, in the neurological system?

**A:** Opens up the pleasure center.

**Q:** Are you talking about the amygdala?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** The neocortex?

**A:** No.

**Q:** The reptilian brain?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Okay, the family name you gave me for the immediate past life in Germany was 'Gerspringer.' {or Springer} I have been searching through the geneaologies, and am wondering if the 'ger' here was not a prefix sort of like 'von?'

**A:** Prefixes are added and dropped at will in monikers.

**Q:** So, I might be looking for 'Springer,' in fact, rather than 'ger' or 'von' Springer? What was the nationality of Gerhard?

**A:** Deautschlander.

**Q:** In a previous session where you introduced the concept of perpendicular realities, you stated that (T) was connected to a particular reality called 'Neormm.' You also designated the 'thought center' of STS as Ormethion. I noticed the similarity of the names. Is there a relationship?

**A:** The orm is close to orimulsion. Look it up.

**Q:** Well, what I am asking is about the possible relationship between Neormm and Ormethion...

**A:** Our answers have meaning best not to presuppose!

**Q:** Alright. That reminds me. There are a lot of people teaching that there are divisions of being as spirit, soul, consciousness, et cetera. What is the difference between the spirit and the soul?

**A:** Semantics.

**Q:** In reading the Celtic legends, I discovered that Cassiopaea was equated with Danu, or Don, as in Tuatha de Danaan, or the court of the goddess Danu. So, in other words, the supreme goddess of the Aryans was Cassiopaea. And, Cassiopaea is found in the zodiacal area of Aries, the 'lamb,' where Cephus the 'rock' and 'king' is also found, as well as Perseus, 'he who breaks' and serpentarius. {Just noticed that the previous question about the supernova in Serpentarius could be a reference to the supernova in Cassiopeia by this grouping method.} The image is of Perseus overcoming the serpent, and the ancient Celtic engravings of the horned god show him gripping two serpents by the throat. I would like to understand the symbology here...

**A:** You are on the right track.

**Q:** What is the symbology of the 'breaking of rocks,' as in the alchemical texts, as well as related to Perseus as 'he who breaks?'

**A:** Occurs at a time when rocks break, as in the electromagnetic impulses that emanate from earthbound rocks when sheared by tectonic forces, and much more importantly, the possible utilization of said forces whether naturally or otherwise induced.

**Q:** Before we take our break, can you say any more about this ubiquitous 'she' of the Celts, Cassiopaea, and the relationship to the Aryans?

**A:** Better continue your search, as this is how you learn and build power!

**Q:** When you said I needed to find a 'superhypnotist' to break the locks on the knowledge placed in my superconsciousness, and then you suggested a 'spin' doctor, and now Ark's actions while I was sleeping brought out some of the keys to large pieces of the puzzle and the connections, am I on the right track when I think that the actions we are taking in searching out these pieces of the puzzle, putting them together, and the amazing discoveries that have taken place as we go along, is the action of the 'breaking' of these locks?

**A:** Likely.

[ Break ]

**Q:** Okay, now that we have read the letter from Colin Andrews, I would like to say that I had a very funny feeling about this as I was going to sleep last night. Is there anything you can tell me about this. I know I am asking for something that you are not gonna tell me!

**A:** Expect to see Andrews in your house, if that is your pursuit, in "future."

**Q:** Well, is there going to be any chance of checking out any crop circles in person?

**A:** If you wish, but not necessary, and may hinder purpose.

**Q:** Okay, I will drop it. No crop circles for me!

**A:** If you want to, then by all means, do it! But, let not your focus be exclusive.

**Q:** Alright. I need to work on the transcripts and editing and so forth.

**A:** We meant that if you travel to Angle Terra, open your eyes, ears, and mind.

**Q:** Today, the exchange was as follows: Ark wrote: C's once said that EM was an expression of gravitational energy. I said: they said that light is an energy expression of gravity, that EM was the same as gravity, or, more precisely, intertwined. And, this would incline me to believe that the total spectrum of EM is the 'stuff' of the 'balloon,' that is the balance to the 'non-balloon,' of gravity, being that which emerges out of non-being, and that the various separations of EM into waves such as light, radio, and other frequencies are energy expressions. In other words, EM IS the unstable gravity wave, so to speak. Was this correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Is ethereal existence the 'non-balloon.'

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** And EM is intertwined. That is, EM is 'being' and ethereal existence is non-being?

**A:** No. EM is being and ethereal existence is thinking...

**Q:** Absolute non-being is the origin of gravity. It emerges out of the absoluteness of non-being, and what emerges out of gravity is EM?

**A:** Where did you get this "absoluteness of non-being?"

**Q:** Well, non-being that is so 'non' that is is NON!

**A:** That is ALL, maybe?

**Q:** I guess so.

**A:** Is non really nano?

**Q:** I don't know. Is that a clue?

**A:** ?

**Q:** Well, then I said: If the varieties of waves of the EM spectrum are unstable gravity waves, then they could be added together which could arrive at some total factor of electromagnetism, which then, if reversed, would express the existence of gravity?

**A:** On the right track, or "rail" as in "railgun."

**Q:** Well, I can't go any further with that because I know nothing about railguns, not even what they are. Now, let me read this text:

"I have recently come into possession of a paper on magneto-gravitics and field resonance systems, presented by A.C. Holt from NASA Johnson Space Center to the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics' 16th Joint Propulsion Conference, June 30-July 2, 1980. Holt presents a project using an already existing system known as the Coherent Field and Energy Resonance System (CoFERS) [probably located at Los Alamos Labs' High Magnetic Field Research Laboratory]. CoFERS utilizes a toroidal-shaped energy guide with megagauss magnetic field sources located along radius vectors equally spaced around the toroid. CoFERS is shaped like a thick flying disc. Holt goes on to say: "By converying an object's normal space-time energy pattern to an energy pattern which differs substantially from the normal pattern, the gravitational forces acting on the object are changed. The object's new pattern interacts with the surrounding space-time and virtual energy patterns, such that the interactive forces are substantially altered. The alteration of the characteristics of the continuous field of force results in the apparent motion of the object *through space-time*." [...]

"Since the gravitational forces acting on the propulsion system can be quickly altered to achieve the desired motion, the *spacecraft* can make right-angle turns at very-high velocities without adversely affecting the crew or system elements. The effective gravitational field the *spacecraft/ aircraft* experiences can be nearly simultaneously reoriented at a 90-degree angle, resulting in a smooth continuous motion as far as the occupants are concerned." [ ... ]

"The gravimagnetic system is perhaps best suited for use in and around ... a large mass such as the Earth."

"While the gravimagnetic system is likely to be the first field-dependent propulsion system developed, the field resonance system will **bring stellar and galactic travel out of the realm of science fiction**. The field resonance system artificially generates an energy pattern which precisely matches or resonates with a virtual pattern associated with a distent space-time point. According to the model, if a fundamental or precise resonance is established, (using hydromagnetic wave fine- tuning techniques), the spacecraft will be very strongly and equally repelled by surrounding virtual patterns. At the same time, through the virtual many-dimensional structure of space-time, a very strong attraction with the virtual pattern of a distant space-time point will exist. ...this combination of very strong forces will result in the translocation of the spacecraft from its initial position through the many-dimensional virtual structure to the distant space-time point. [ ... ]

"A space-time 'jump' already appears to be supported by astrophysical research."

Having read this text, my thought is that it is very similar to what I was talking about earlier today, and which was explicated by Karl von Eckertshausen in regards to the 'violin allegory.' That is, that a violin string tuned to a particular pitch, if plucked, will cause the identical string on another violin across the room tuned to the same pitch to sound also. However, it seems that what they are doing here is setting up a 'pitch' in this object which actually exists somewhere else. And, by creating this resonance, it 'becomes' or disappears from this point in space/time where its resonance is no longer appropriate, and reappears at the point in space/time where the 'tuned resonance' actually exists. It is both virtual and real. The question is: Is this text on the right track, and am I understanding it correctly?

**A:** Propulsion system for 3rd and 4th density Alien spacecraft.

**Q:** That is the propulsion system?

**A:** Very close, yes.

**Q:** Is my understanding close to correct?

**A:** Well, that is a clever anecdotal parallel as it matches conceptually, which is really the point, isn't it?

**Q:** The point? Are you saying that the anecdote is more to the point than what this paper is saying?

**A:** In terms of consciousness, which is why everything exists ultimately, and with gravity as the "glue" that holds all on physical and ethereal planes together!

**Q:** Is the object to 'dematerialize' or is the object to transpose something that is material to some other point in space/time? I mean, when you collapse the gravity wave, is it necessarily that the object or person 'dematerializes' or 'disappears' from this point...

**A:** Break the veil of "time," and dematerialzation is no longer necessary, because one enters the realm of pure consciousness, where the illusion of physicality serves no longer, a purpose.

**Q:** Is it an issue for one to be able to retain internal coherence if one is no longer in a physical state?

**A:** Internal coherence can only be guaranteed in a purely non- physical "state." And this state is really only a state of mind, anyway!!

**Q:** If one were to travel in this manner, would it not be a temptation to not return to the physical reality?

**A:** If one goes bowling, is it a temptation to not return to the parking lot?

**Q:** I guess if your only choice was the parking lot, I guess you would want to stay, but if going to the parking lot meant getting in your car and going home, then no. Now, glue. The thing is that one has to 'unglue' oneself? Is that the point?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, if gravity is what holds material and ethereal existence together, and you are going from material into ethereal states...

**A:** By your definition, you would be unglued, since you perceive the physical, and thus are not completely stuck.

**Q:** So, you still have the ability to perceive the physical reality and the physical world when you are traveling this way, therefore you are not completely 'stuck.' However, we have talked about people who do get completely 'stuck,' is this correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Ark did some reading on the Einstein thing, the letters to Kaluza, and there did not seem to be anything that E did in the period mentioned that would make one tend to think that there was a UFT from him in that time. But, Kaluza DID have an interesting idea about a 5 dimensional cylinder UFT which Einstein thought was quite startling. Yet, it seems that Einstein somewhat delayed Kaluza's presentation. What struck me was the word 'cylinder' which reminded me of the earlier session where I asked if the Germans had developed a time machine and you said 'yes,' and that it was in Antarctica, and that 'they' were 'exploring the loop of the cylinder.' You said that the loop of the cylinder was a 4th thru 6th density profile. Could you give me some elaboration on this cylinder, the loop of the cylinder, and whether it was Kaluza who did the UFT and not Einstein?

**A:** Cylinder is really a double loop, is it not? And meditate if you will on the true meaning of this!

**Q:** Is it true that Kaluza had the theory and Einstein didn't?

**A:** Maybe it is that Einstein first hypothesized, and others were then commissioned for the purpose of completion in order to lead to application.

**Q:** Ark says: When I asked the question 'how many dimensions has the real world,' the C's answer was 'the correct question is how many worlds has the true dimension.' And they never answered if the Kaluza Klein ideas are right or wrong. And, I wrote a book on that kind of geometry. We need to know it. It is essential for progress.'

**A:** If one needs to find a house, is it not necessary to know the path to get there?

**Q:** So, what's your point?

**A:** See Ark's question and declaration for the point!

**Q:** Oh, so that is it. Ark writes: "Gravity is a bond of everything. In mathematics there is a concept of a connection that translates as 'cohesion.' Connection is the fundamental of Eddington's 1920 UFT, and later the UFT of Einstein and Schrodinger is based exclusively on this mathematical object, 'connection.' The idea of the connection is simple: it allows for the connecting of distant things. It allows us to keep track of the direction while traveling from one point to another point. Could you comment on the Einstein-Schrodinger theory?"

**A:** Need more specific demand.

**Q:** I don't know how to ask it. Is this mathematical idea of 'connection' the same as the mathematical expression of gravity?

**A:** It does not quite fit, because of a failure in the formula which involved a simple juxtaposition of characters, thus easily overlooked in final result.

**Q:** Well, I can't even ask the next question on this because I don't know what we are talking about. In my limited understanding of the 7 density levels, 3 and 3 with the blending density in the middle, is there a relationship between 1 and 7, 2 and 6, 3 and 5 in terms of balancing in some sense?

**A:** Nature presents polarization, because of the balance of cyclical balance evident.

**Q:** Can I try to make some conjectures and maybe understand this better? Let's start with the relationship between 1st and 7th... if 7th is where the light emanates from, and 1st is where it congeals as matter, then...

**A:** You are drifting a bit. There need not be a relationship when all is relative.

**Q:** That is what Ark said, essentially, I think. Okay. There are two more things I want to cover tonight. The first is my map here of Tenerife. See the map? {Points to map on table.} What does it make you think of? After all this time of discussing the Canaries, I have this detailed map here. And, apparently somewhere along here is where the statue was found. Here is the cave where it was kept. And along here the processions...

**A:** It?? How about they? And, we feel you might now be best served by researching a "modern day" connection for these things, such as UFOs, Roswell, and the underground zones, and what purpose they serve.

**Q:** Okay. Leave off the Canary Islands. But, one more little thing here... This is the inscription on the statue of the Virgin of Candelaria. Can you offer any suggestions for decoding this?

**A:** Try the "3/5 principle"... Let your search be joyous as always... We must depart for now, Good Night.

END OF SESSION

