## February 22, 1997
Frank, Ark, Laura, Terry, Jan, VG.

**Q:** Hello, and who do we have, what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Opponoa.

**Q:** (L) And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Ok, we have several things that we discussed earlier, is there anything you wish to say before we launch into questions?

**A:** Underground bases see dramatic budget increase.

**Q:** (L) Ok, why do they have a budget increase?

**A:** Because there is much more activity to come.

**Q:** (L) Ok, what kind of activity?

**A:** Broad range.

**Q:** (L) Can you list, say, the top three?

**A:** Experimentation, utilization and implementation.

**Q:** (L & T) Of what?

**A:** Human "resources." Plan falling into place for "harvest."

**Q:** (T) The new underground bases, along with all the old ones are for the coming harvest?

**A:** And other purposes of STS forces' plans.

**Q:** (T) And other STS plans... (L) What is this thing called 'The Harvest'?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well, is that harvest in a negative event, or harvest in a positive one? I mean, as in the harvesting of the wheats and the tares...

**A:** Either/or.

**Q:** (L) Ok, now you say the plans are falling into place. What specific events of the past, say, several weeks, or months, whatever period of time set aside, are these plans that are falling into place? I mean, what's the key in the lock?

**A:** Have you been paying attention, as we have always suggested you should?

**Q:** (L) Of course! I just asked you because I wanted you to enumerate! Of course I'm paying attention!

**A:** Lately, there has been diversion for you.

**Q:** (L) Well, it doesn't mean I'm asleep! (VG) Can I ask a question? If this is because there's much more activity, and things are dramatically increasing, what has come to them, or whatever...

**A:** VG mentioned the weather. Was that a bit "nippy" for you in central Europe in December and January, Arkadiusz?

**Q:** (T) VG mentioned the weather, and the changes in it. What was the name of that movie we watched up in Tallahassee, I forgot the name of it...

{T then spoke about a science fiction movie we saw. Aliens were here among us, and were plotting to affect the weather in such a way as to make the planet uninhabitable for us, but perfect for them. Naturally, there was secrecy and cover-ups. Then the subject moved to the cell phone towers that were noted in rural areas of North Florida. This then lead to a question about the cell phone towers. First part of question lost.}

**Q:** (T)...transmit to us and back... what can be transmitted? Can the negative energy be focused through these microwave towers? (VG) And what was the correlation between the strange weather and the harvesting? (L) Because we were told that the weather changes were due to the energy buildup of the wave. That was two years ago. And it had nothing to do with the 'harvest.' (T) But it could also be that HAARP adds to it. (J) Ok, well, let's ask... (L) Well, they would love for us to think that HAARP has something to do with weather. 'Yes, we're having bizarre weather. Let's blame it on HAARP!' because we're going to think about HAARP... What a perfect... (T) Well, HAARP has a lot more to do than just the weather. They can put all the energy-based stuff that they've been experimenting on in one place, because they can do whatever they want, just by changing the frequencies... (J) Or, even just continue to mess the weather up, to continue to create negative vibrations, worry and uncertainty... (VG) I guess the point I'm trying to get at is, are these weather changes promoting some changes in the physical body, that's making the physical body more 'harvestable?' (T) Could very well be. (L) Well, it's all interconnected, but I wouldn't say that one is the cause of the other, just to say that they occur... (T) But why, as we were talking about earlier, is all this weird stuff going on all through the media?

**A:** We told you that "HAARP" was being designated for capturing and modulating electromagnetic fields for the purpose of total control of brainwave patterns in order to establish a system of complete "order on the surface of the planet" in either 3rd or 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Is HAARP in operation at the present time?

**A:** Yes, in its early stages.

**Q:** (T) Is the spreading of all these communication towers out across the country the equivalent of a HAARP program on a continental scale?

**A:** Back up system.

**Q:** (L) So, they don't need the towers to operate the HAARP system, but they are there as the backup?

**A:** Towers serve dual and lateral purposes.

**Q:** (T) Local and regional authorities can use the towers to track people, amongst other things. (L) Is the weather being controlled or changed or in any way affected by HAARP?

**A:** Climate is being influenced by three factors, and soon a fourth.

**Q:** (L) All right, I'll take the bait; give me the three factors, and also the fourth!.

**A:** 1) Wave approach. 2) Chlorofluorocarbon increase in atmosphere, thus affecting ozone layer. 3) Change in the planet's axis rotation orientation. 4) Artificial tampering by 3rd and 4th density STS forces in a number of different ways. Be vigilant. Be observant. Be cautious in your planning and be aware. Do not let emotional anomalies cloud your knowledge base. This is not a "time" to let one's guard down. Be especially careful of travel to unfamiliar locators, as well as sleeping in unfamiliar surroundings!!! You are being watched. Or, at least, it is best to assume you are, and act, think, and prepare accordingly. Remember what you have been warned about concerning attack. As you learn more and know more, you become more interesting... and, when your ranks swell, you are more vulnerable unless you are more aware!!

**Q:** (L) All right, were those given in the order in which they are occurring? The fourth being the one that's coming later?

**A:** Maybe, but remember this: a change in the speed of the rotation may not be reported while it is imperceptible except by instrumentation. Equator is slightly "wider" than the polar zones. But, this discrepancy is decreasing slowly currently. One change to occur in 21st Century is sudden glacial rebound, over Eurasia first, then North America. Ice ages develop much, much, much faster than thought. [Discussion of new scientific theory recently presented that the earth is expanding.]

**Q:** (T) Is the Earth expanding? That's just putting it bluntly, but, is the Earth expanding, how did you put that? (A) Yes, that's the theory: the idea is that the continents move away because the Earth is expanding, and this is much faster than you know, than geologists were thinking.

**A:** Continental "drift" is caused by the continual though variable, propelling of gases from the interior to the surface, mainly at points of magnetic significance.

**Q:** (J) What causes the change in the axis?

**A:** By slow down of rotation. Earth alternately heats up and cools down in interior.

**Q:** (L) Why does it do that? What's the cause of this?

**A:** Part of cycle related to energy exerted upon surface by the frequency resonance vibrational profile of humans and others.

**Q:** (T) Now we took it off on a tangent. (L) Well, we need to wrap it up soon here. Is there anything further on this harvest, or on the planetery changes that we need to get to at this point?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (T) Ok, let's go back to the beginning of the session, when we were talking about the acceleration/expansion on underground bases in preparation for the harvest. Is that world-wide, we're talking here?

**A:** Yes, but United States is focus, due to particularly cooperative power structure profile.

**Q:** (T) Do we want to ask about the power structure profile? (L) No, we know what that is; they agreed to work with them. But, what I would like to know is what particular steps are being taken, what particular activities are being stepped up?

**A:** Acquisition, staging, testing of planned activity.

**Q:** (L) And what is the planned activity?

**A:** Control of absolutely everything.

**Q:** (L) Well, swell! (T) That's the one world government! That's what they want! (L) OK, is there anything in particular that we can do to...

**A:** Knowledge protects, ignorance endangers. Awareness makes you less vulnerable, both directly and indirectly. Heard anything about synthetic blood, and blood and plasma alteration lately?

Q:(L) There's a can of worms for you! All right, I'll bite! Go ahead, tell us about the synthetic blood and the blood plasma. (T) There's probably been a lot of research into that...

**A:** Less "mutes" needed.

**Q:** (L) Cattle Mutilations. They don't need as many cattle mutilations. (T) It's the same idea as when they grew all the crystals for the stealth technology. Before they grew enough crystals to do what they had to do, you couldn't get any of the beryl, the aquamarine gemstones. They disappeared from the market. That's why aqua shot up in price. Several years ago, it used to cost $50 to $100 for a nice piece of aqua; it shot up to several hundred dollars... (L) Well, look what happened to topaz, same thing; the price was unbelievable. (Alice) But why? What are they using it for? (T) The beryl was being used, they have a certain crystal structure, that is reflective to light and electromagnetics. Heat is dispersed very evenly through them, that's why stonecutters like to cut those stones so much, because they disperse the heat and don't shatter as often while being cut. It's because of the composite material that they use to build the frames of the Stealth fighters and who knows what else. When they first began experimenting and working with it, they couldn't grow artificial beryl fast enough for what they needed, so they took as much as they could get of the natural stone. We discovered this because we were talking to someone at one of the gem and lapidary shows here locally, and they told us why there wasn't any aquamarine out anywhere. They said the government had gone out and bought up tons and tons of this stuff all over the world. They were crushing it up and mixing it with the composite materials used on the skins of the Stealth planes.

**A:** Bio and cyber/genetic humanoid types now increasing exponentially in general population. You may have already encountered one or two during the past 10 days.

**Q:** (L) You, who? You, as in me, you as in Frank, who?

**A:** Reflect upon activities, and power and influence centers for answer.

**Q:** (L) Well, we will reflect on that over the next week, but we're going to have to say goodnight for now.

**A:** If you wish. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

L's Note: During the specified 10 day period, there had been a LOT of activity relating to finances, insurance, driver's license bureau, the purchase of an automobile, etc. A attended a conference at UFL, interacted with numerous Uni officials... so, there is such a lot of ground covered that it is hard to think which it might be. However, one of my guesses would be the attorney who handled the paperwork for the loan for the car. His nickname is "Chip." Other than that funny connection, nothing else comes to mind.

