## April 5, 1997
Frank, Alice, Tom F {St. Pete Times writer}, Cherie {St. Pete Times photographer}, Tom H, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Marra.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) My first question is: If memory is conscious and subconscious record of perception, as you have stated, and there occurs a "reality merge," as you also described previously, some sort of time manipulation, does this automatically change individual perceptions?

**A:** Perceptions "leap" into place according to markers in the eternally present continuum.

**Q:** What are these markers?

**A:** Experiential breaks in the perceptual realm of continuance.

**Q:** Markers are experiential breaks. So, one experiences breaks and they become markers... perceptions leap into place... is this saying that, when there is a perception of a break, that some part of the psyche seeks to bridge this break by leaping into some sort of ...

**A:** The definition of the previous responses will become clear for you only after some reflection, my dear!

**Q:** Umm... does this leaping of perception occur for everyone as a group, or are some people immune to it?

**A:** !Como!?! What, said the perplexed ones, incredulously!

**Q:** Okay, you said that memory is subjective and an atom is not. If memory is subjective, what you have just been describing means that each and every person has a slightly different perspective, even if they are involved with the same incident or the same time sequence.

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** But it also implies...

**A:** That is the treasury of learning.

**Q:** Who is the treasurer?

**A:** The learner.

**Q:** But still, what you said still implies that an atom has an objective existence. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Would you please tell us what constitutes objectivity?

**A:** The effort on the part of the observer to leave prejudice "at the door."

**Q:** How does the effort on the part of the observer to leave prejudice at the door relate to the objective existence of an atom?

**A:** An atom, as with absolutely everything else, cannot exist without an observer.

**Q:** So, in the case of the objectivity of an atom, if the human observers are not objective, where is the observer who makes the atom objective, or does the atom not exist if there is no observer?

**A:** Yes. to the latter comment.

**Q:** Yes to which part?

**A:** The latter comment.

**Q:** So there must be an observer. Must the observer be human?

**A:** The observer must be a consciousness.

**Q:** If you say that an atom has an objective existence, yet it only exists if it is perceived by a consciousness, then an atom does not have an objective existence, correct?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay, what is the distinction? You say that objectivity is the ATTEMPT on the part of the observer to leave prejudice at the door.

**A:** Without consciousness, there is neither objective or subjective!!

**Q:** So the crux is the attempt to leave prejudice at the door in the same manner as one would be non-anticipatory in order to create?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, that is a VERY tricky... (A) Is consciousness objective?

**A:** Consciousness is objective, until it has the capacity to choose to be otherwise.

**Q:** (L) What is the stimulus for the change, for the giving of the capacity to choose?

**A:** The introduction of prejudice.

**Q:** In a cosmic sense, cosmic consciousness, in the sense of The One Unified Consciousness, what is the stimulus there for the ability to choose?

**A:** When the journey has reached union with The One, all such lessons have been completed.

**Q:** But, that doesn't answer the question.

**A:** Yes, it does!

**Q:** A little change of subject. Last night I had a bizarre experience, I don't think I would call it a dream, but it was similar to what happened a couple of weeks ago. Out of this experience, I was only able to bring up two words: "Three dominoes", which seemed to be extremely important. But now, they make no sense at all. Could you give me some clue as to what the three dominoes means and what these experiences are that I am having?

**A:** One possible meaning: 3 Dominos pizza outlets in Gainesville!

**Q:** Alright, what is another possible meaning?

**A:** Three dominos missing from your dominos set.

**Q:** Okay, another one?

**A:** Your turn!

**Q:** Whatever it was, it was from a very deep level of the subconscious and I knew that if I did not get it out, I would lose it. Okay, when these events occur...

**A:** Not an important dream, Laura.

**Q:** Well, maybe it was not an important dream, but it was accompanied by some very serious ... what was I doing? (A) You were fighting. (L) And that was what I was doing before. Struggling and fighting. And, to my knowledge, I have never done this before in my life. I am considered a monophasic sleeper. (A) How do you know? (L) Because I have been told. I used to go to sleep in one position and wake up in exactly the same way, and not even the covers would be messed up.

**A:** House is "affected."

**Q:** This house is affected?

**A:** No.

**Q:** The house we were in in Gainesville?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did it carry over from there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is it related to?

**A:** Oakwood Drive.

**Q:** The house we used to live in out in the country...

**A:** Turned around in bed.

**Q:** That refers to the night I woke up and found myself reversed in the bed, my nightgown wet from the knees down, and there was simply no way I could have turned around because I was sleeping against the wall and there just wasn't enough space. Are you saying I am having memories of this coming to the surface?

**A:** Motor memories.

**Q:** Memories in the body?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** A and I were talking the other night about the symbol that appeared in {Laura's ex-husband's} driveway {on Oakwood Drive}many years ago.

**A:** Winged Sceptor.

**Q:** (A) We wanted to know why you related it to Grays, but would not say whether an abduction had taken place, and later you said that L {Laura's ex} had never been abducted. So, how does that relate? What is the connection?

**A:** Connections are not necessarily "time tracked."

**Q:** Well, Ark remarked that it may not have related to L at all, but that was a message to us in the present. What was the message and who was it for?

**A:** Not a message. A marker.

**Q:** Is this a marker in the same sense as you described relating to memory awhile ago?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Who was this marker supposed to affect?

**A:** Not correct concept.

**Q:** What is the correct concept?

**A:** All events are synchronous only when perception becomes a catalyst for learning.

**Q:** (TH) What is the meaning of synchronous in this context?

**A:** Only discovered when the lesson is completed.

**Q:** (TH) Do they mean that all events exist somewhere outside of time and that we just experience them sequentially?

**A:** Close, Tom.

**Q:** And why were we discussing that particular item at that house in Gainesville... {TF's notebook computer indicates that its batteries are getting low by saying: Hasta la vista, Baby!} (TH) There's your answer! Deus et machina! (L) Why did the discussion of this symbol come up, and more or less synchronistically related to my battling dreams, and then you mentioned motor memory and the incident at Oakwood Drive...

**A:** Contemplate. Please do not leave just yet, Mr. French!

**Q:** Why do you not wish Tom to leave?

**A:** We may have some things to say to him.

**Q:** What?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** Cherie is the one who has to go. She is having allergic reactions to smoke.

**A:** Really? What do you feel about things, about changes we referenced for you in our last communication to you?

**Q:** (TF) It was necessary. Glad that it... that last year's over.

**A:** It is not over.

**Q:** (TF) Yes, there are some more things to do...

**A:** There are many changes yet to come.

**Q:** (TF) That's true. (L) Is Tom going to feel positive about at least 50% of them?

**A:** About 100%. When the conclusion is reached you see, Tom, this "struggle," or "challenge," relating to the perceptions of the coming ending/beginning of the millennium, was really a doorway opened by your subconscious to begin the necessary process of examining the metamorphosis of your own being.

**Q:** (TF) So, I had subconscious motivations of my own when I decided to follow this subject? It was for me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TF) Well, there has certainly been a lot of pain involved.

**A:** With pain comes renewal.

**Q:** (TF) What about the sickness I had at the beginning of the year?

**A:** Purging of built up "poisons" of an emotional/spiritual nature.

**Q:** (TF) I can certainly see that! Yes, that's very true. But, you have indicated more. What more can happen?

**A:** Now, finally, you will be able to move ahead and make significant progress, including ways not yet imagined!

**Q:** (C) What about for me?

**A:** Ask specifically.

**Q:** (C) Is the next year going to be like last year?

**A:** Well, obviously not. Beware of those who possess a nature of thinking there are plans set in concrete, and require the participation of you!

**Q:** (C) I don't understand. Give me a hint.

**A:** There is one close to you who believes your participation is necessary for their success or happiness. Look for disruption in efforts to sever legal bonds.

**Q:** (L) We would like to be able to talk to Max Planck, and Nicola Tesla, too. Do you think you could arrange it like you arranged for us to talk to Sandra?

**A:** Possibly, but the energies are scattered on the timeless plane of 5th density when there is no personal acquaintance.

**Q:** (TH) Well, we are acquainted with Planck's Constant! (L) Yes, there you go!

**A:** No, there you don't go.

**Q:** So, you are saying that it can be done, but that it will take a little doing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Apparently Sandra and Keith could come through because of psychic links. Could you like, make an appointment with Max and Tesla so we could talk to them? Can we assume that they are still there, they have not reincarnated?

**A:** Appointment? Get real! That dimension is timeless, i.e. essence extensions for your beings are "still" there, too!

**Q:** Well, on that note, we will say good night and save the chat with Planck for a later session.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

