## November 15, 1997
Terry, Jan, Alice, Frank, Ark & Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Wiappahn.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I guess you have been listening to our discussion, so let's dispose of the burning question at the moment: is it safe at the present time for us to travel to Mexico?

**A:** More specific data.

**Q:** We are invited for a conference from November 30th to December 5th. But, the idea was to stay for two weeks. The conference is not in Mexico City, but when we come back, we will probably come through there.

**A:** Ciudad de Mexico.

**Q:** Well, essentially, that is all we know. We know we will be flying American Airlines, but we don't know the flight number yet.

**A:** When you ask: "is it safe," the very nature of the question is vague.

**Q:** I understand. More to the point, I am concerned about being gone so long from the children; will things be safe here at the house, how can I minimize the risks HERE?

**A:** Take two with you.

**Q:** Which two?

**A:** Which do you think?

**Q:** Arielle and Amy would be the ones I would take, I should think.

**A:** Anna.

**Q:** Arielle and Anna?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Amy would be safe at home?

**A:** She is more durable.

**Q:** We had already decided we would not go because of the safety issue where the children are concerned, but there is a new issue that has arisen in the past few days... the idea that Ark might be able to get a Mexican divorce while we are there. Is it possible, considering all the things that Fernando had to say on the subject, that we COULD go there and get the divorce?

**A:** Of course! And marriage too, if you wish. Remember, ceremonies can be held any time. Legalities must be addressed "when opportunity knocks."

**Q:** Okay, any advice for the trip in a general way?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** (T) Is there anything particular that Ark and Laura need to know about this trip?

**A:** Ask for details.

**Q:** (T) Can we have some details? Are there details about where the conference is going to be that they should be aware of?

**A:** Not what we meant.

**Q:** (L) Will we have any problems on the plane? Will the plane have any problems?

**A:** Not at all likely.

**Q:** Are there any problems we should look out for, any dangerous conditions, in the hotel?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Are there any details about dangers and conditions...

**A:** Avoid wandering...

**Q:** (T) Is there anything you would like to convey about Arielle and Anna and what they should or should not be doing besides avoiding wandering?

**A:** Fortify.

**Q:** Fortify physically...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Vitamins and herbs....

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What about mentally and emotionally?

**A:** Not as critical.

**Q:** Will there be anything or anybody in particular that we should look for in terms of either connections or to be wary of spies and spooks?

**A:** Nada de particular.

**Q:** You encouraged us to ask about details. Is there...

**A:** Be health conscious. Avoid invitations for "side trips."

**Q:** (T) What about side trips on their own? (A&L) We don't want to...

**A:** Good.

**Q:** (A) There is the question that we should contact the Mexican Embassy here to ask about the legal details. So, should we do this?

**A:** Cannot hurt, but could confuse.

**Q:** (T) If you go in the pool at the hotel, don't float on your back looking up at the objects in the sky... Mexico City is filled with UFOs... (L) We'll take pictures...

**A:** Yes, Many UFOs in Mexico. Cuernavaca is Earth's most intense window area.

**Q:** Why is that?

**A:** Complicated, but magnetic/volcanic influences contribute to the presence of a supervortex...

**Q:** (L) Well, if we can't take any side trips, what is the best thing for me and the girls to do while Ark is in the lectures?

**A:** Explore audio/visual opportunities as in data available for perusal. Biblioteca.

**Q:** (T) You will have to keep a close eye on the girls so they don't wander off...

**A:** They won't.

**Q:** Have we covered the subject sufficiently? (T) What can they do to protect themselves in the middle of a massive UFO vortex?

**A:** Awareness.

**Q:** (T) Who knows, you may actually see some!

**A:** Suggest you do as Mexicans do, and be "camera-ready."

**Q:** (A) Now, I want to ask about C\_\_\_. I decided to ignore his religion problem and to ignore his cold fusion, and to ask him about his new physics. Is any of this important, or can it have some value to me? (L) Remembering, of course, what he wrote the other day... (A) Yes.

**A:** You can do better.

**Q:** Why did you say that the guy's religious fanaticism is just a mask or a cloak, and we wrote to him and got blasted all to heck and back last Tuesday...

**A:** Because of the learning value.

**Q:** (A) So, we learned something.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Alright, I would like to know something about the death of this guy, Marinov. Is Marinov dead?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did he commit suicide?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was he physically pushed from the fire escape?

**A:** He was a victim of highly sophisticated post hypnotic suggestion/mind control.

**Q:** Who was responsible for installing the post hypnotic suggestion?

**A:** Chain of Command.

**Q:** Okay, the STS chain of command. In human terms, who was involved?

**A:** M1.

**Q:** What's M1?

**A:** British Intelligence.

**Q:** (A) What was the main reason for his death?

**A:** Revelations too "sensitive," would cause "instabilities."

**Q:** Instabilities in what?

**A:** Power structure/control.

**Q:** What kind of revelation?

**A:** Theoretical physics.

**Q:** In what specific area?

**A:** "Unified Field Theory."

**Q:** (A) I am not aware that he was working in this direction. He was more experimental than theoretical, but he was collaborating with other guys. In particular, I would like to know if this Pappas knows the same as Marinov did?

**A:** Not completely, or he would be dead, too.

**Q:** (T) What was this guy's breakthrough in Unified Field Theory? I know they are not gonna tell us, but maybe they can point us in the right direction. (L) Well, they put that in quotes, so I don't know...

**A:** Merger.

**Q:** (A) I want to know if it is safe for me to contact this Pappas and ask questions?

**A:** Up to a point. Better to use faculties you possess for your own discoveries.

**Q:** (T) Did the gentleman who just passed away learn something about the merging of Unified Field Theories? (L) Or merging of factors...

**A:** The problem is that these scientists are often too eager to share and reveal. Remember: it is most difficult to win a Nobel Prize when one's residence is a tomb.

**Q:** Is it true that there was a luminous spot on the pavement where Marinov died?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Residue of substance used in mind control procedure.

**Q:** What was this substance? And what was it used for?

**A:** Phosphorescent Sulphate Ammonia Chloride. Ammonium Chloride with correct formulation, can be injected intravascularly in order to induce a state of super-suggestibility when utilized in conjunction with pre-existent hypnotic programming.

**Q:** Alright, a subject I hypnotized some years ago described being abducted, taken to an underground facility nearby, and having some sort of glowing green fluid introduced intravenously. Was this a similar substance?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** I think that I remember something similar being described by Karla Turner.

**A:** Obviously, the residual on the sidewalk was there as a result of blunt trauma to the skull.

**Q:** He jumped because of the programming and the blunt trauma was the result of his head hitting the sidewalk...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Are these ideas, the programming that is carried on this way that is described here, that was described by Laura's subject, that is described in the Karla Turner book, and that is making something of a stir in other arenas, is this within the realm of the military abduction scenario, or covert operation abductions. Are these all related to human abductors rather than alien?

**A:** Yes, to some extent.

**Q:** Yes, well S\_\_\_ described her abductors as being military guys and NOT aliens... (T) Yes, and she was taken out there by Anclote to the little base....

**A:** No coincidence, the former Stauffer Chemical plant nearby!

**Q:** (A) There was another guy who was in contact with both Marinov and Pappas, and with whom I was also in contact, his name is A\_\_\_, does he know essentially the same as Marinov?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) The guy whose book we have, G\_\_\_\_, it seems to me that he knows more than any of them?

**A:** Ask specifics.

**Q:** (A) Does G\_\_\_\_ know the details of the Unified Field Theory that is hidden from the rest of us?

**A:** More...

**Q:** He knows more... Why don't you guys just quit messing around and give us the UFT?

**A:** No. Because, then somebody would kill you.

**Q:** Alright, then, I don't want to know! Sorry I asked!

**A:** You will discover on your own, when you are ready.

**Q:** In our own experiments with, ummm.... discovering ways and means of getting beneath the surface of what is going on here on the planet, are we headed in right direction and are we making progress?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there anything we could add to the process?

**A:** Yes, discover! Okay, "time" to go. Good Night!

END OF SESSION

