## October 7, 1997
Laura, Frank, Anna

(Note: there are two Anna's mentioned in this session, one is Ark's ex-wife, the other is my daughter AKA Andromeda on the forum.)

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Aldronn.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** My first question: Is there any chance that actions will be taken against Ark before he leaves by the scheduled itinerary?

**A:** You must realize that actions have already been taken against Arkadiusz, continue to be taken against Arkadiusz, and will be taken Arkadiusz, as has been determined and has been in process for an eternity. Remember, all events as you perceive them are merely from the standpoint of your perception. There is no past or future. All is one.

**Q:** In specific, are there any plans in place to attempt to prevent him from getting on the plane to come here?

**A:** Not as such. First of all, one must know, in the consciousness of those in the flesh who surround Arkadiusz, there is no great awareness of the consequences to be derived from the intended travel plans. Therefore, this is not viewed as a critical juncture. However, the plans that may be undertaken, and are being undertaken, and have been undertaken, to prevent a union between yourself and Arkadiusz are always in process, and are given energy by Arkadiusz's desire to retain a residency foothold in the land of his birth in this incarnation. It is this emotional attachment that feeds the energy which is thusly used against him. This may be breaking down now, but it is none too soon.

**Q:** Could you outline what intentions are in process through his daughter and Anna?

**A:** There is no definite plan as you perceive it. It is a constantly changing situation. The one and only goal is to continue to imprison his mind as it has been. For this purpose, it is like chasing a moving target, as you would put it.

**Q:** Can you tell me what was done with the items stolen from his luggage?

**A:** The property is still in the possession of the one who stole it.

**Q:** Will I ever get it back?

**A:** No.

**Q:** So, it is a waste of time to try?

**A:** Not only a waste of time, a waste of energy. Energy is far more important because it DOES exist and time does not.

**Q:** Would it be advisable for him to try to leave and come early, or is it okay to stay with the schedule?

**A:** That is not something that is of critical importance, but the wisest course of action would be to maintain the strength needed to follow through with the plans already in place. This may take an increase in energy expenditure.

**Q:** How can we do this?

**A:** We cannot do this. Only Arkadiusz can facilitate that.

**Q:** How?

**A:** As we have already mentioned earlier, there is an emotional factor involved, which one can understand if one has a sympathetic outlook, as we do. Leaving one's homeland with the possibility of never returning is, for anyone who is in 3rd density reality, an extraordinarily traumatic event. And, as such, normally 3rd density beings make every attempt to retain an attachment in order to satisfy the emotional need to not completely depart, especially when there are other 3rd density beings in that physical locator remaining behind. No matter what you have been told in conversation, the desire to retain residency in the homeland of Arkadiusz is very great indeed. You have not been told the extent of this desire. You have, in fact, been led to believe that the desire is minimal. This is not the case. Do you not see this?

**Q:** Yes.

**A:** Now, situations are unfolding that will determine exactly what direction events will follow. But, of course, one must always be aware of the fact that there is no past and no future and the present incorporates all realities.

**Q:** What are the probabilities for these events?

**A:** That would be an improper question to answer, as the course of events are easily controllable by those involved.

**Q:** So, it amounts to the fact that Anna is forcing a choice between me and his homeland?

**A:** No. Her objectives, as she perceives them, even though they are not entirely her own, are to retain possession of him, possession of material goods to be derived by possession of him, and possession of currency, which is connected inexorably to him and his reality. Her objectives are not, as you perceive them, to force him to choose between his homeland and you. The dilemma of choosing between his homeland and you is within Arkadiusz himself.

**Q:** Does his daughter really believe he is crazy?

**A:** Well, the term "crazy" is nebulous at best. But, his daughter has been influenced by Anna to believe as she does. Her concern also is derived from STS desires; desires that are financial and emotional in nature. There is also a fear of a separation which feeds the STS desires of Anna, so that the two work in tandem to the same end, all of which is influenced from higher density levels, namely Density level 4 STS.

**Q:** Change of subject: Two Fridays ago my Anna was in the hospital. I am having some difficulty understanding what happened. Can you tell me exactly what DID occur in that event?

**A:** We suggest that you ask the questions in detail and be patient in order to build a picture which you can analyze effectively.

**Q:** Okay, the children said that they were on their way home, that they stopped to visit with these other kids, but were planning on coming home almost immediately, but decided that it would be okay if they just took a taste of this liquor that was offered to them. How much actual alcohol did Anna drink of her own volition?

**A:** First of all, before we address that, you yourself know that questions can begin to receive answers on the foundation of one's own intuition. Analyze, please, the framing of your question, in order to begin to see the answer.

**Q:** Well, considering that she says she was on her way home, and she said that she told her brother he ought to only have a taste, and he agrees that she said this, I can't understand why she would take more than a taste herself. But, she says that she took a taste and then woke up in the hospital, and does not remember what happened.

**A:** Okay. Did you understand our statement and its true meaning?

**Q:** No, I guess I didn't.

**A:** As you, yourself, know, especially with one of elevated psychic abilities such as yourself, intuition plays a role in forming the foundation of answers to questions; answers sought. Ability, as is often stated, to get "to the bottom" of an issue, is very greatly dependent upon, first and foremost, one's intuition. You have very strong intuition.

**Q:** I have TWO intuitions, in regard to this, and I am torn between the two.

**A:** We will address that momentarily, but first we must get over one hurdle before attempting to get over the next. Your intuition is very strong, yes?

**Q:** Yes.

**A:** Okay, now picture yourself in a forest clearing. In that clearing you are surrounded by a pack of wolves. These wolves, in your mind, represent a blockage. The blockage is emotion. Emotion is a necessary component of life in 3rd density. It can be of great assistance, and it can also be a hindrance. Normally, in critical situations close to the 3rd density individual's existence, these emotions serve temporarily as hindrances. So, we ask you to picture these wolves surrounding you. And, as wolves will do when addressed in a calm voice, when one takes a deep breath internally and externally, and asks the wolves in a calming, reassuring voice, to simply go back into the forest, that all is well, then the wolves turn and retreat, as wolves will do. This removes the hindering aspect of emotion, which allows intuition to become stronger. Then, in turn, one's intuitions are not "torn." Do you see this effect.

**Q:** Yes.

**A:** Now that we have crossed the first hurdle, we will address the second hurdle by asking of you what intuition remains?

**Q:** The intuition that remains is that, somehow, for some reason, she actually drank that much alcohol.

**A:** Now, please be aware of the fact, which you already know, ingestion of alcohol for any 3rd density being, amongst other things, produces memory loss, correct?

**Q:** Yes.

**A:** Now, you have part of the answer. The other half of the answer involves another individual also in residence in your house.

**Q:** Her brother, Jason.

**A:** Correct. There we see deception.

**Q:** Okay. Why is he deceiving me?

**A:** Torn emotions. Fear. Desire to remain faithful. Desire for protection. All, of course, illusory, but very real to those experiencing them. Also, we see that there was ingestion of alcohol there that impaired judgment. Though not nearly as much.

**Q:** While Anna was in the hospital, did she leave her body?

**A:** Not as such that one would consciously remember, because, normally, when trauma is a precipitating factor, other physiological events must take place first for such an event to transpire. While there was a cessation of respiration, there was no cessation of cardiac function, and no cessation of brain wave activity. Normally at least one or two of these are present for a 3rd density being to experience out-of-body transfer.

**Q:** Did she pick up any attachments while she was in the hospital?

**A:** The only reason for the answer to be negative to that question, is because of the EXTREME efforts applied on her behalf by other 3rd density beings which prevented such an occurrence.

**Q:** Did she have an attachment prior to that time?

**A:** Attachments can, of course, be present, but need not be permanent in nature. There have been attachments periodically, with the one referred to as Anna, and she is more susceptible to a number of negative factors than the others in her presence. But, fortunately, there has also been protection of a higher order that has balanced out this effect up until now.

**Q:** Why is she more susceptible than other people?

**A:** Sensitivity is greater. And, when we speak of sensitivity, of course, we are speaking of more than just 3rd level. We are speaking of 4th level and 5th level as well. And, it should also be mentioned that those with a higher mission profile receive greater attack, but also greater protection.

**Q:** Why does she often have feelings of uselessness and futility?

**A:** Refer to the last two responses.

**Q:** So it is because of attack?

**A:** No...

**Q:** Because of sensitivity?

**A:** Yes, in fact, while the sensitivities are indirectly related, are not the same thing.

**Q:** Is there anything she can do, herself, to be happier and more content?

**A:** One, to recognize the sensitivity as being a natural state of being and part of the mission profile, second: be unafraid to explore it and the greater meanings behind it; number three, once numbers one and two are accomplished: proceed forward upon greater realization of the mission profile.

**Q:** And what is the mission profile?

**A:** That is part of the lesson process.

**Q:** Was there any influence from other persons or entities at the time that this incident took place?

**A:** Well, you should know by now that such influence is always present. However, it is reflected most often through 3rd density entities.

**Q:** Which particular entities stimulated this event?

**A:** Your question is vague.

**Q:** You are saying that such influence comes through 3rd density entities...

**A:** No... we are saying that it is most readily recognized as being through 3rd density entities.

**Q:** Were any of the companions or people present, were any of them under the control of 4th density entities desiring to cause pain or problems for me or Anna?

**A:** Certainly! This is always the consideration in all situations. This vulnerability must be recognized before it can be dealt with.

**Q:** So, she needs to recognize that she is an object of attack?

**A:** Not only does she need to recognize that, but all others of influence over her, or through her, or who have her best interests in mind, need to recognize it too.

**Q:** What level of danger is she in at the present time?

**A:** The danger is decreased for the moment, but of course, the vulnerability is always there. One needs to recognize this, not ignore it, not pretend that it will go away, not pretend that it does not exist.

**Q:** (Anna) So there was no actual alien interference? No one was abducted that night?

**A:** Not as abductions are popularly known and perceived, no.

**Q:** (Anna) So what happened was I went in, I drank and passed out?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (Anna) How much did I actually drink?

**A:** The actual quantity is not important. It has been documented. One can mathematically calculate the amount from the documentation and other factors. But, of course, one must remember, when alcohol is ingested, it can be deceiving, and, as it is ingested, it causes impairment of mental and emotional functioning which causes reduced awareness of the amount ingested. Therefore, large amounts can be ingested without the realization of same. In your case, the memory loss is directly related to brain cell damage caused by this ingestion. So, an erasure has occurred after the fact, that is deep enough that it is not retrievable through hypnotherapy or other means.

**Q:** So, she actually destroyed some of her brain cells?

**A:** Most definitely. A very large quantity. Not that the function cannot be replaced, of course, but it is a well- documented fact that alcohol has this effect.

**Q:** Is there any guidance as to how she can be more careful and how to recognize any influence that could lead to danger?

**A:** Well, this is rather like trying to find a magic bullet. The problem here is more broad and cannot be addressed in such simple terms as to ask for pointers. There are many emotional factors, spiritual factors, lack of awareness, there is resistance, lack of knowledge, emotional blocking; and this is not occurring with just Anna, but also others in her midst. And these are issues that will take much effort over the course of "time," to address. However, we feel that, for the time being, the critical danger has passed. There is not to be another incident of this nature any time soon. But, the underlying issues must still be addressed. These issues involve rebellion, perception of not being understood, sensitivity we spoke of earlier, lack of communication, lack of awareness on the part of others of the very multi-faceted factors involved, all must be addressed. One must be patient because one is dealing with a higher-level soul occupying a 3rd density body. This higher level soul is "higher" than the others you perceive to be your children. They are all at different levels, and this one is at the highest level. Therefore, one cannot address problems quickly and with impatience. This is simply not possible and must not be attempted any further. Patience is absolutely of extreme importance here, because the rewards are enormous.

**Q:** (Anna) I seem to have some sort of emotional attachment to Patrick. Is he a bad influence?

**A:** Influences do not reside, ultimately, in those perceived as 3rd density. So, when one asks about "good influences," or "bad influences," then one is lacking the perception needed to understand the scope of the situation.

**Q:** (Anna) Will associating with him bring me further emotional pain?

**A:** Any emotional pain that you feel will be, in greatest part determined by you, yourself. You have enormous power, but it is unrealized as of yet. As for Laura, greater awareness is needed on your part, for protection of your children. The attack will rotate from one to the next, to the next to the next. Anna has already survived this particular round of attack, now it shall move to another.

**Q:** How can I tell?

**A:** What did we speak of earlier?

**Q:** How can I prevent it?

**A:** We wish for you to answer the question.

**Q:** Well, you have talked about a lot of things...

**A:** If you don't answer the question, understanding is not achieved. What did we speak of earlier?

**Q:** Jason? (Anna) Intuition.

**A:** Now you see an example of the power that we say exists in Anna, does indeed exist in Anna. She has the correct answer, even though much "time" has passed. What did we say about intuition?

**Q:** Get rid of emotion and use intuition.

**A:** The emotions can not be gotten rid of. Emotions must be controlled. We spoke of the circling of wolves in the forest clearing. Wolves are part of nature. One must not want to be rid of wolves, only to interact with them in a positive manner. That is why we told you to ask the wolves to return to the forest, as there is no reason to encircle you. Emotion is necessary for 3rd density existence. It can be an assistance, or it can be a hindrance. Allow it to be an assistant, and you can accomplish a great deal. Allow it to be a hindrance, and you will not see what is there to be seen.

**Q:** I very often have intuitions about the children, and I tell them that I do not want them to go here or there or do this or that. I don't want to be an overbearing or controlling parent. Yet, when I put my foot down, based on my intuitions, I am accused of these very things.

**A:** Obviously that is not the answer, then. Is there anywhere in existence a question that does not have an answer?

**Q:** I don't think so.

**A:** Then you think correctly, because every question has an answer. However, the first attempt at an answer is not always successful. That does not mean that there is not an answer to be had.

**Q:** For, example, the night of this event, I had strong feelings that she should not go. I tried to think of some reason that she should not go, and there was not a reasonable way to say this, and I knew that if I just put my foot down and forbid her to go out at all, she would feel anger and resentment that would only fuel the fire of rebellion. It would have created more problems than it would have solved.

**A:** Then, what would you say would have been a positive course of action based upon the fact that you had an intuition?

**Q:** To keep her home.

**A:** Well, that is the short answer to the question.

**Q:** Explain to her that I had a bad feeling about her going? I have explained these sorts of things over and over again. They don't want to hear it. They accuse me of just wanting to control them this way. (Anna) You have so many intuitions! They can't always be right. (L) We live in a very dangerous situation.

**A:** Now, what do you suppose is the key to this dilemma? Could it be effective communication?

**Q:** I try to communicate. They don't want to listen. They don't want to believe...

**A:** Well, if you try one form of communication and it does not work, what would you suggest would be the best course of action.

**Q:** I have tried every approach that I can possibly think of. It is like complete and total resistance.

**A:** There is resistance occurring right now. Obviously you have not tried "everything" you can think of. You, yourself, would admit that there is no such thing as limitation... All there is is lessons. Lessons are extremely valuable and the learning process never ceases. One gains when one recognizes these facts and puts them to effective use.

**Q:** Well, we have all been under attack physically. Health related issues are a constant source of concern.

**A:** Naturally. The attack is going to be greatest at critical junctures of your existence, as we have stated consistently and persistently for over 3 years of your time perception. Should you expect anything less, we think not.

**Q:** What can we do to ameliorate this health attack. We have tried everything that has been advised, and then some.

**A:** Unfortunately, the health attack in this instance is directly related to the circulation of air in this particular residence.

**Q:** We have dealt with that. I have changed the filters, opened the house and turned off the system, introduced anti-bacterial agents into the duct-work... everything.

**A:** There is, deep within the air-circulating system, an area of moisture with foreign material in it, that is near the center of the duct network. You will need to contact someone who can find this offensive area and remove it, as it has been collecting and recycling low-level 2nd density particulate matter and microbial organisms.

**Q:** Would it help to turn it off for a week or so?

**A:** This would be a healthy alternative. Your fear of grass pollen is exaggerated.

**Q:** Alright, we will turn it off for a week and use fans.

**A:** You will notice an improvement in your health almost immediately. It will commence and continue. Besides, awareness should point out to you the obvious, that there is less production of grass pollen in the air now than at other times of the year, so that there is less to fear.

**Q:** Okay, the other night it was remarked that there was some connection to all the names of Ann and Anna around me.

**A:** Well, the statement was made simply to reflect the synchronicity which is always a tell-tale signal of changes apparent and imminent. Changes which are not necessarily to be perceived as either positive or negative, but changes nonetheless. Here, three individuals with whom you have had either direct or indirect association, all with the same moniker.

**Q:** Is there anything further that you can tell me about the children for protection?

**A:** Can you recall what we have said?

**Q:** To use intuition and that the attack will rotate.

**A:** Correct. It is your awareness that is the foundation of protection. Let not your awareness be concentrated too heavily in one area or another. You have had the tendency to do that. All there is is lessons.

**Q:** Would it be advisable for them to go to school?

**A:** Such considerations are minor in the big picture. The awareness is more important from the aspect of danger which results from attack. Where the attack comes from and exactly into what situation it is framed is of secondary importance. It is the awareness that such attack can and will occur that is of primary importance. And, further, in your situation, since you have 5 children, our statement that the attack will rotate from one to the next, to the next, is one that it is greatly advisable that you do not forget. And, from that your intuition will lead you to where protection is most needed next, as long as the emotions serve as an assistant and not as a hindrance.

**Q:** Why did I have so many children?

**A:** This is what you chose to do at several levels.

**Q:** It is a very great responsibility.

**A:** It is a great responsibility, but you have learned many lessons as a result. Prior to this incarnation you requested a "fast track," as the popular parlance would indicate, for ascension to the next level. You were told, as all were who request this, that such a challenge would be difficult, indeed. And, as is your soul imprint characteristic, you responded that, in your opinion, the challenge was not nearly as great as others perceived it. But, of course, those others giving the message were of higher density and, therefore, by nature, had much greater awareness and knowledge.

**Q:** Are you saying I have bitten off more than I can chew?

**A:** Well, that would be rather presumptive, would it not? After all, the chewing process has not been completed, now has it?

**Q:** No. But it is a very great worry and concern that never goes away.

**A:** Well, this has never been any different, has it?

**Q:** No. How many of my children were with me in the immediate past life in Germany?

**A:** Well, that is not of great importance, but since you seek the answer, it is one.

**Q:** Which one?

**A:** Your intuition will tell you that. Which one?

**Q:** Anna. Is there anything further for Ark, or Anna or for me, at this time?

**A:** When you phrase a question in such a way, it is quite vague, and we find it amusing each time.

**Q:** I know... let me think...

**A:** No... when it comes to Arkadiusz, the greatest danger there is also emotional. No surprise. Emotions can assist or hinder. He has already expressed to you in an off-hand or roundabout way, the fears that he has of leaving all behind. Those fears have always been there, but have been moderated by the secret intention of never completely severing the ties to his homeland. This is something of which you have not been completely aware, as it has been purposely kept from you. The result of such actions, as in all other such situations, is exactly what you are seeing played out right now. This, too, should be quite clear to you. Everything that he is suffering, and has been suffering, is fed by the energy that he gives it as a result of these conflicting emotions and, more importantly, his inability, or shall we say, lack of willingness, to completely and openly share these emotions and the energy he is feeding them with you. There is a fear on his part that it two-sided. There is the fear, on the one hand, of leaving in such a way that he can never go back, and the fear on the other side, of being punished by you for expressing such a fear. So, in his desire to keep peace, he has kept this from you. Now, it is all piling on top of him. And, ultimately, if he wishes to cease the attack, or lessen it to the extent that he can move forward, then the only choice that he has, and he is being pushed to this awareness by his own resistance, is to simply leave and sever ALL ties. This is something that he is only just now becoming aware of. But, it is still not known whether this will be accomplished or not. It is completely up to him

**Q:** Anything for Anna?

**A:** As we have stated, the greatest danger has passed for now. And, as we have stated, there is resistance to the awareness of the fact that sensitivity is greater and power potential is greater, and ability is greater, that the soul is stronger because it has experienced more incarnations, and all of these other factors. This is a difficult time, as it is for all in 3rd density at this stage of life, as there are pressures coming from elsewhere in 3rd density and 4th density. And, this is the final stage of the blossoming of the soul in each incarnation. Therefore, there is resistance, even resistance to these words. It is all part of the learning process.

**Q:** Well, I have observed that whatever we resist seems to cause us to suffer.

**A:** This is true, but suffering comes in differing degrees.

**Q:** And, it all seems to relate to our resistance to who and what we REALLY are and to doing things from a higher level of direction rather than the emotional programming.

**A:** That is true. All is lesson, and each lesson is one more step on the road to union with the One.

**Q:** I feel that my learning is at a standstill.

**A:** Standstills are not really of great concern as long as they are merely rest stops on the pathway to greater knowledge or growth. We have told you before, and others, to watch the signposts along the way, to read the signs and understand their meanings. If you do that, you will be far ahead of the battle. And, "battle" is the appropriate term, because battle is what results from attack, attack that is resisted in a progressive and positive manner. Therefore, one wants to be ahead of the battle if at all possible, and the tools for that are the signposts, and the signposts are EVERYWHERE! Intuition is one, synchronicity is another. You have enough power, knowledge and awareness already to recognize the signposts. It is only the emotions that can cause them to be clouded over. And this is only if the emotions which are a natural state of being for 3rd density existence, serve as a hindrance instead of an assistant. And that is the primary lesson for now: to take those emotions, which are perfectly natural, and employ them as assistance. Once emotions have been used positively, progress to 4th density STO is possible. The existence of emotions will moderate as progression through 4th density STO occurs. While that may not seem possible to you, or something that you can grasp at this time, you will understand it eventually.

**Q:** Is there anything I can do to help Ark with any of this?

**A:** No, as we have told you, in this particular instance, it is his energy, which is all inclusive and exclusive. In other words, only HE can do what must be done if he truly seeks to reach the goals that he has stated for himself. You cannot, in any way assist or interfere or alter the situation.

**Q:** Should I tell him all of this?

**A:** We will leave that to you to determine. We cannot lead you by the hand.

**Q:** Is it advisable for him to send the letters from myself and Terry and Jan?

**A:** Well, we will allow you to practice your intuition.

**Q:** Well, the only reason he is NOT sending them is, I think, because he is concerned with how events will go there in the future.

**A:** Well, have you not gone a long way to answer the question?

**Q:** I guess. We thank you very much. I feel very sad that Ark is having to deal with such emotional pain, particularly where his daughter is involved. That would crush me.

**A:** Well, that is natural and understandable, but we ask you to look at the bigger picture, what has transpired over the last 14 and a half months is a major shift in your awareness and his awareness, it is a major shift in your experience, it is a landmark, a stepping-stone, a sign- post, all in one. And, it is a pathway that was chosen, is chosen and shall be chosen. Therefore, the sadness that is part of the mosaic is something that is existent, but there is no need to dwell upon it, but only to deal with it effectively and positively and progressively. And, this too, shall pass. All choices are made. All there is is lessons.

**Q:** Well, this is all quite a lot to digest, so thank you again for being with us.

**A:** You are most welcome. We will always be here for you.

**Q:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

