## July 5, 1997
Frank, Laura, Alice, Violette

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Woxxom.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Do you have any opening remarks before we get started?

**A:** "Shoot."

**Q:** Violette wants to start with a couple of health related questions.

**A:** Go ahead, Violette.

**Q:** (V) I have been studying the nutrition books and have come to some conclusions. Can you tell me if I am on the right course here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Violette) Can you offer any more insight?

**A:** Iron bars. Not the metallic kind. Nutrition "bars" as in granola, for example.

**Q:** (Violette) In my dream last night I had a mouth full of nasty stuff and I was spitting it out. Am I correct in my understanding that I am getting rid of ugly stuff?

**A:** Guilt purges.

**Q:** (Violette) I'm getting rid of guilt?

**A:** Or attempting.

**Q:** (Laura) Anything else for Violette?

**A:** More energy?

**Q:** (Violette) I have felt low on energy. I have been very exhausted. Do you mean put more energy into clearing?

**A:** Then rearrange food intake schedule. In other words, "flip/flop."

**Q:** (Violette) You mean to eat earlier in the day rather than later in the day?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Violette) Was the acupuncture Laura did help me to sleep better?

**A:** The main function of acupuncture, if applied correctly, is to unblock energy pathways through the physical vehicle, albeit temporarily. Needs to be a uniform application. We suggest avoiding a "surgical approach," as this may merely cause a transference of blockage.

**Q:** (Laura) What do you mean by 'surgical approach?'

**A:** The pinpointing of particular nerve/energy intersectional points, as opposed to a general all around treatment profile. If one receives acupuncture, it should be a complete treatment, not localized only. We were not necessarily referring to your most recent treatment.

**Q:** (Laura) Did Terry do entire meridians on you? (Violette) I don't know. Are you talking about the last time Terry worked on me?

**A:** More than once.

**Q:** (Laura) We would like to know if Terry has had our best interests at heart when working on us? Considering the incident that occurred at Violette's?

**A:** "Agents wear many hats!"

**Q:** (Laura) Is that in quotes because we are supposed to figure that one out?

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, after that one incident, I don't think we need to read the whole book! Has he done us harm?

**A:** Was on the agenda.

**Q:** (Laura) It was on the agenda to do us harm. (Alice) That's hard to believe!

**A:** But true!

**Q:** (Laura) Which brings me to the question. What are we going to do about Mother's manipulated emotional states that eventually, after a time, simply drive me over the brink of rationality? I don't like this!

**A:** Allow path to continue.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there any bit of advice that would help in this situation. She does not seem to hear a word I say.

**A:** Reading is a good teacher so long as the material is apropos.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, I have been giving her things to read... (Alice) Is there anything I can do to help my sleeping problem?

**A:** See last response.

**Q:** (Laura) If you are awake, read. When you get sleepy, go to sleep. (Alice) But then I get waked up. (Laura) Then read again! (Alice) Will it work?

**A:** Yes. Did you suggest that we would recommend something that would not? Skip the novels... now is the "time" for non-fiction.

**Q:** (Laura) Yesterday we heard from William Mann, and he asked about the Newman machine. Now, this is a very interesting device, Ark says after checking it out.

**A:** Newman machine is "time machine."

**Q:** (Laura) Well, it seems that it could run my house for very little money!

**A:** But, there are forces that will, and do, block its use.

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, then we will do it privately and quietly.

**A:** How do you propose to do it "privately and quietly?"

**Q:** (Laura) Well, just install it and say nothing!

**A:** And you expect this to be under the table?

**Q:** (Laura) Are you discouraging us from any dabbling with the Newman machine?

**A:** Not discouraging, just giving you "the facts of life."

**Q:** (Laura) This couple of weeks that Ark spent in Dijon were miserable. What was the fundamental reason for these conditions and this misery?

**A:** Near ELF transmitter. Also the water supply is loaded with fluoride.

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, I did some research on the Emerald Tablets and discovered...

**A:** Is this all you want to know about this? We suppose if we told you "Laura, a great big rock is about to fall on your head," then you would say: "okay, now moving right along, about the Emerald tablets..."

**Q:** (Laura) Well, that was about Dijon. He is gone from Dijon now. Whatever it was in Gottingen, you said he would be gone soon and not to worry. So... he is no longer near the ELF transmitter... he is no longer drinking the water...

**A:** Fluoride is toxic, and deposits in fatty tissues, and lymph system. Aside from the obvious possible negative consequences, it can make one more susceptible to electromagnetic wave frequencies that are designed to make one open to mind alteration!

**Q:** (Laura) Okay. You have my undivided attention. How does he get the fluoride out of his system?

**A:** Recommend daily ingestion of Goldenseal root, as well as vinegar and garlic in moderation, along with up to an hour per every two days of light aerobic exercise.

**Q:** (Laura) Would half an hour per day be alright?

**A:** One hour every other day. Light at first.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, this sounds serious. Anything else that will help?

**A:** This is a good start.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, now I am all upset.

**A:** Arkadiusz, or as we like to call him, Arkady, is the primary target of your trio, for now. Great potential dangers lurk...

**Q:** (Laura) So this really is like the grail hunt. He has to go through a magic forest, chop heads off dragons, keep his eyes open and not be lead astray by deceptive images and tricks... the whole thing!

**A:** Where to get the influence for the inspiration behind that story?

**Q:** (Laura) Are you asking me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) I don't know. What do you mean. Talk about confused thought patterns!

**A:** No, not so confusing.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, that leads to some of my other questions about what we are doing...

**A:** Imagine how much your cause would be damaged without him? Where would your ambition for the quest go? You must be extremely vigilant when it comes to him and his safety. He still does not completely fathom the depths of the situation. Until he is here, thus more protected, and it will not be easy to get him here, danger awaits the greeting of each new day. Vigilance! Vigilance! Vigilance!!!!!

**Q:** (Laura) That is completely depressing. Help me out here!

**A:** Now... Calm down! No need for depression. Would you rather be left with a lack of knowledge, and in an ever increasing state of false security oriented oblivion, only to be struck by lightning?!? Of course not!!! So remember... Knowledge protects, ignorance endangers!!

**Q:** (Laura) Well, you said that it was going to be difficult to get him here. The arrangements have already been made. Are you saying difficult in a general sense, or is there going to be some major move made, some plan going on at other levels, or behind the scenes, to prevent him?

**A:** There always is that. Have you not seen the evidence already? Must be aware. Think of it as a war. Expect every possible move/or occurrence. Victory comes from being forewarned, and therefore, forearmed.

**Q:** (Laura) Is that, as Frank said, the key? To turn up the vigilance volume to maximum?

**A:** Always. Don't be like the sentry who fell into a peaceful, pleasure filled, dreamy sleep while on watch! He did not even feel the blade as it pierced his heart!

**Q:** (Laura) Well, that is NOT friendly. Now I really AM depressed! Tell me: is what we are doing so important that this kind of energy has to be concentrated on us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) Can we quit?

**A:** No. Too late! Look at it this way: make it your goal to succeed, then you have not to fear.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there any connection between the dangers of Dijon, the dangers now, and the interaction with Moshe?

**A:** Connection? Not exactly, except that Arkadiusz must be made aware that dangers lurk everywhere, potentially. He has spent a lifetime building a strong sense of security, based upon his own natural self assured state of being. But now is the "time" to learn that this is not enough.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there any specific danger in Florence that you can point out, or back in Wroclaw?

**A:** No specific dangers. Just remember: there are forces "out there" that wish to see your project, and you, fail. You two have both previously felt the sting of these forces acutely. He has not so much, until now.

**Q:** (Laura) I have the feeling that this has been a recurring drama in other lives, preparing us for this period?

**A:** Recurrences of this type are usually intermittent in nature.

**Q:** (Laura) Anything further on this?

**A:** We could go on and on. The point is: warn Arkadiusz! Knowledge protects...

**Q:** (Laura) Well, I certainly will. Could this William Mann be part of the attack forces?

**A:** Anyone and everyone could be. Remember, they work through persons, they are not normally the persons themselves.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, all my other questions have sort of become entirely insignificant. But, I will try to get a few in before the tape runs out. This William Mann has made some sort of connection to the ruins of a fort, or some megalithic type thing, related to the number 64 - though I had a rather different idea about the number 64 - but he thinks this all relates to a point where one can transcend space and time. Now, let me break it down. What is the ruin? The old fort?

**A:** Viking oriented.

**Q:** Can you tell me the approximate year when it was built?

**A:** 1102.

**Q:** Does it have any relationship to the Templars?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Does this relative he speaks of, who was supposed to be Grand Master of the Templars, is this related to the Templars WE are looking for, or is that the Templar organization that is part of the smokescreen?

**A:** The main energy here is moniker related.

**Q:** So, you mean they just formed a group and called themselves Templars?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Can you clarify this?

**A:** Monikers are designed to deceive or divert those who are deceivable or divertable.

**Q:** Okay. I am not going to get into all of this, but I would like to know the significance of the Fisher King?

**A:** Do you mean of the person or of the designation?

**Q:** The designation, first.

**A:** The one who resides within a circular continuum.

**Q:** What about the significance of the person?

**A:** Transcendental.

**Q:** What is a circular continuum?

**A:** Trapped within the grasp of one's own significance, to the exclusion of the acquisition of a broader knowledge base and understanding.

**Q:** Another thing: I researched the word Emerald, and that it is derived from the word orient, which is Orion, and that they go back to words from which we also derive Aurora and gold. Is there something about the element gold, such as the atomic number, or anything, that is a specific frequency of light that is important?

**A:** Gold, when heated to its liquidation temperature, gives off energy waves which, when properly channeled, open the door to higher density experience. Clue to this is in the way that gold can be an effective transceiver of radio waves and transdimensional communications.

**Q:** Okay. In the original grail stories, St. Anthony was a later insertion to the scenario via Rennes le Chateau. The original hermit was St. Augustine. I find this to be strange, since Jesus was supposed to be born in the reign of Augustus, and many strange things have happened in the month of August to us...

**A:** Perseid. Connection? What is it?

**Q:** Are the Perseids part of the remains of Kantek?

**A:** Refer to data given re: comets, Oort Cloud, and twin/dark star phenomenon. Then interface with legend or legends.

**Q:** Okay. I will. Is there a significant relationship between the story of Achilles Heel, and Jacob, the Supplanter? Jacob means "he who seizes by the heel." And, Jacob obtained the birthright by deception. That whole story is strange!

**A:** This reference merely means heel, as in the last line of defense, last trailing physical part of the subject. Thus, it is seized when one has let their guard down, before being completely departed from the realm of danger.

**Q:** Okay. Well. I think that this is all for tonight as I have had all I can handle for one night. So, unless you have something urgent...

**A:** No, it will wait. Good Night.

END OF SESSION

