## January 25, 1997
Frank, Laura, Terry and Jan, Alice, guest Terry A.

**Q:** (Laura) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening, what name shall we use?

**A:** Torra

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, and where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (Laura) Ok. We have a guest with us this evening; Terry, our therapist. He has some questions he would like to ask, if that is all right?

**A:** Well of course, when would you expect us to say "no"?

**Q:** (Terry A.) I just want to know what the pressure is that I feel whenever feel energy in someone. What is that I'm feeling?

**A:** Terry must be indoctrinated into the art of precise questioning. Be forthright my boy, shyness simply will not do!

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, ask direct, precise questions.

**A:** In detail!

**Q:** (T) Start with a general question and see how the answer goes, and you can start to fine-tune how the questions work. It's a process that you have to learn how to do. It took us years to do it. And we still don't do it right all the time.(Terry A) Does the pressure I feel in my head have any significance?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Terry A.) Am I picking up on the other person's energy? In a meridian type of way?

**A:** Well yes, but meridian??

**Q:** (Laura) Well, the first answer to your compound question was yes, but the other part was not meridian.

**A:** What do you know about electromagnetism?

**Q:** (Terry A. ) Just the basics, you know, with energy fields, with the globe.

**A:** How does this relate to humans?

**Q:** (Terry A.) Well, the human body is made up of an energy flow; every living thing has its own energy flow... (Laura) I have a way that I think might get at what you're after. Terry is aware, that yes, he's picking up on the other person's energy. I think what he's...

**A:** Please let Terry ask, this is important! Thank you!

**Q:** (Terry A.) Does it have anything to do with a past life, me picking up, being able to pick up anything from my past life?

**A:** One step at a time...

**Q:** (Laura) Back up to electromagnetism.

**A:** The field you speak of is not possessed, it is "borrowed."

**Q:** (Laura) Is he borrowing the other person's field?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How is the field borrowed? (Terry A.) Going back to creation, is this energy field, is the electromagnetic field passed on from one generation of beings...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Terry A.) ... to the next generation...? (Laura) No... (Jan) Is it a continuous field? (Terry R) We're getting off the topic now. It's about the interrelation of Terry's field and his patient's field, that's what we got to, it's electromagnetic interaction...

**A:** Terry made reference to this field in such a way as to suggest that it is indigenous to human beings, it is not. It is borrowed.

**Q:** (Terry R) The source is everywhere. (Laura) Ok, so he made reference to this field as though each individual had one; the field is borrowed. Where is the field borrowed from?

**A:** Density number 7.

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, that's the highest density, number 7. That's "God." (Terry R) The "Creator."

**A:** No, it is "union with the one."

**Q:** (Terry A.) Does it represent itself being manifested just in life? Does it stand for life? Is it an example of the life? Of living? Something that's living?

**A:** Not well put, but, what it is is the animation force of consciousness at all levels and in all representations.

**Q:** (Laura) Okay... (Terry R) What I'm getting is that as Terry is doing his work, he is able to tap the universal life force, the energy field, the universal energy frequencies...that he's tapping into these.

**A:** Not germane. All "tap" in this way, but how many "feel" it in some way?!?

**Q:** (Terry A.) Why do I feel it, and other people don't?

**A:** Closer to the transformation for 4th density.

**Q:** (Terry A.) Can I utilize this feeling to help those that I come in contact with, that I really feel the strong inclination, or feel the strong force, to be able to help them to balance their bodies?

**A:** Whoa! Wait a minute! Can an infant utilize a "747?"

**Q:** (Terry R) Well, in a way, he is utilizing it... (Jan) You're here... being aware of it...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) No, he's not utilizing it? (Terry A.) When I use the acupuncture, I'm just releasing energy blockages within the person?

**A:** No. Terry. You are sensing what all experience when in contact with others. You see in the history of your life are rather drastic changes in mental , emotional and psychic awareness, to say nothing of attitude and awareness. This is symptomatic of the change in frequency resonance vibration. The things that used to interest you do not anymore, and vice versa. One way this is manifest is a decrease in interests of a material or physical nature. One's libido tends to decrease, for but one example.

**Q:** (Laura) Will his awareness of this contact continue to increase?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Terry A. ) At times, I have even not only sensed with the feeling in my head, but I have also seen colors... Is there a relation of the colors that I have seen to the electromagnetic field?

**A:** Yes, but seeing auras is mainly a sign of approaching wave, i.e. density change over.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, that's good, because that means you're in tune with what's happening! (Terry A.) Is there any past-life connection with this being able to sense this?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (Laura) How about with your liking for the work? Terry seems to have an instinctive knowledge of how to do the acupuncture, and the...

**A:** This was result of change during this lifetime. Do you wish to share with the group what you were like as an adolescent and as a young adult... and the drastic changes between then and now? We think they might find this interesting!

**Q:** (Jan) Woo hoo! (Terry A.) My awareness of this, does it have anything to do with when I had polio when I was three years old?

**A:** No, but that opened a channel during the periods of high fever and pain.

**Q:** (Laura) Did you have high fever and pain? (Terry A.) Yes, it was like 106 temperature, and paralyzed both legs and my right side. (Laura) So Terry's had some real bodacious experiences!

**A:** We told you! There's more, but let him tell as he feels appropriate.

**Q:** (Terry R) The change didn't have to be all at once; it could have been gradual after all of that... (Jan) Well, it's all a series of events... (Terry A.) And after all of the stress and the nervous breakdowns, the three hospital visits... (Laura) You were just trying to, I guess... well, it sounds like all of us, we've all been there! Trying to be normal in a world...we just don't fit! (Terry A.) No. Is it that we don't fit, or the rest of the world don't fit? (Laura) Well, it's their world... well, we chose to come here, but ... (Terry R) Sure we belong here, it's our world too! (Terry A.) Is the path, jobwise, that I'm on now, is it one that I should continue?

**A:** Leads to interesting things, prepare for some unusual experiences, dreams, visions and greater consciousness and awareness.

**Q:** (Terry A.) The phone call that I received last night from SV, should that position there be avoided? The contact with her?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (Laura) That's up to you, you've got to make the decision. I would say that, taking an example from our experiences... It's funny that she would suddenly call you up, out of the blue... (Jan) If that is the S I think you're referring to? Steer clear, that's my advice. (Laura) They won't tell you that one; you've got to make your own mind up! (Jan) Yes, but we can tell you! (Terry A.) I'll just go by what I feel... (Jan) Which is? (Terry R) How well do you know S? (Terry A.) There was always something there, whenever I worked on her, kind of like, almost like a sucking, you know. It felt like she was sucking the energy out of me. (Jan) Very astute of you, yes. Too bad we didn't sense that. (Frank) We did. (Laura) Let me ask real quick, is there anything... Terry worked on me the other day, and is there anything further that he can do to repair whatever I did in that fall? (Long pause before response)

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (Terry R) They thought about it before they answered that one! (Laura) Stinkers! They won't tell me! (Jan) I've got a question. Are we through with... (Laura) I don't know, Terry A., are you feeling more puzzled than before, or are you feeling... (Terry A.) No. I'm kind of cleared up a little bit, like what you and I talked about before, about having to go through a bunch, and I was wondering if there was any correlation with the phone call and all... (Laura) Yes, I would say so, one way or another. (Jan) I want to ask about the experiences that I've been having the past week or so, in the fact that I've not been as emotional as I have been in the past... (Terry R) Like the week before! (Jan)...like the week before, right! Does it have anything to do with the nutritional supplements that I have been taking, the vitamins and such?

**A:** Some, but remember, all things physical and ethereal are interconnected.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, if all things physical and ethereal are interconnected, what ethereal effect has she experienced that reduced the physical/emotional experience? (Jan) Yes, I haven't been having the crying jags for about two weeks now. (Laura) What has changed ethereally?

**A:** Too complex.

**Q:** (Laura) But something has changed, apparently. Okay, is this something she has to find out on her own, by self-analysis, or observing the signs?

**A:** You got it!

**Q:** (Jan) Does it have anything to do with being in a pre-menopausal situation?

**A:** More than likely.

**Q:** (Jan) Okay, thank you very much, I appreciate that.

**A:** You're welcome.

**Q:** (Alice) What did they say about Terry being able to help you? (Laura) They said "Wait and see." They weren't going to tell me anything.

**A:** Wrong. We were not going to tell you that.

**Q:** (Laura) "That," not "anything." Picky, ain't they? (Terry A.) Will the acupuncture help Jan with the emotional problems that she's having? The ups and downs?

**A:** Learning is fun!

**Q:** (Laura) Try it and see! (Jan) Sometimes I feel like they drop into a Mr. Roger's Neighborhood kind of thing! (Terry R) "Will you be my friend...?!?"

**A:** Sure we will. After all, we are you in the "future."

(Break)

**Q:** (Jan) I'd like to ask about the feeling I had coming over the Courtney Campbell Bridge on Thursday afternoon. What was the reason for the feeling of dread that I had?

**A:** Fear strikes when one has momentary realizations of the trapping boundaries of physicality.

**Q:** (Jan) I haven't felt that way on a road since I had to drive on Rte. 10 up in NJ. It was a concrete-divided highway, and I had to speed because I was late. White knuckled fear, with the divider right outside the window! (Laura) I had that feeling once; I looked in my rear view and saw nothing but grille. We were coming through Malfunction Junction in Tampa, and I was going fast, but he was going faster! (Jan) Yes! (Laura) Did her feeling have anything to do with this conjunction that apparently occurred on Thursday?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) Was there anything further to her feeling, to her sensation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) Was there any significance to this astrological conjunction that occurred on Thursday? I mean aside from normal conjunctive significances.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, then all of the hoopla about that on the net and in the metaphysical world is basically more of the same "bored, let's start a rumor," routine.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) Okay, so then I read that one right. No big deal on that one. Ark has mentioned that this conference he is attending is at a University that is founded and funded by Americans, in Hungary, and the primary recipients of the invitations, and I mean the primary ones - he was an exception - are Russian. And here are all these Russians running around, as he put it, being exposed extensively to the virtues of the American way of life. I would like to know, the one thing that occurred to me was that institutes of higher learning, places where the propaganda is being disseminated... well, can you make any comment on this particular situation?

**A:** Specifics.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, why was Ark invited, along with all these Russians?

**A:** His standing.

**Q:** Why are all the Russians invited?

**A:** Their value.

**Q:** (Laura) Their value as what, or in what?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (Laura) All right, clarify! (Terry R) We're buying them to keep other countries from buying them! (Laura) Is that it? (Terry R) It's political. (Laura) We're buying them to keep other countries from buying them? (Terry R) If we don't...

**A:** More like "they are being bought to make sure that they are not not bought."

**Q:** (Terry) All these Russians are now out of work, and they don't want them going to China, they don't want them going to who knows where...

**A:** No, Terry. There are no countries, only souls.

**Q:** (Laura) OK. I get it. They are being bought to make sure that they are bought so that they won't think or do anything on their own, or individually. In other words... (Jan) They are being shut up...

**A:** That is the goal, though not always realized.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, so it's "Buy 'em and tell 'em what to think!" (Terry R) Yes, that's it. They don't want them freelancing. There's too many of them out there already. (Laura) Ok. Now, I was a little curious as to this rumor that was being spread about Ark, that he was a member of the Church of Scientology. (Jan) What? Oh, because they know he's coming here to Florida. (Laura) Yes, she {his ex-wife} must know about this, because the University bought his tickets and everything. Is she the source of this rumor?

**A:** Lawyers investigate.

**Q:** (Laura) Did she have lawyers investigate what he was doing? And where he was going and who he was in touch with?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Laura) So she knows he's coming here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) Does she know about me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) Ok, will there be more problems from that source?

**A:** What would you anticipate?

**Q:** (Laura) Well, you told us not to anticipate, to deal with things as they come. (Jan) Yes, but you have a pretty good idea.... (Terry) Laura, here's a thought for you. She took his money. Now she's got lawyers. That's where his money's going. When he finally gets his money back, it's going to be minus the lawyer fees. Which will be most of his money. (Laura) Oh, if she keeps doing what she's doing, she won't have any money left, and then she'll really be in the soup. She'll be cutting off her nose to spite her face! OK, about how much of his money has she spent so far on lawyers and private detectives and so forth?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (Terry) She's going to spend it all. (Laura) Okay, since you did predict this, since it did come true, is there anything else further that you can volunteer at this time?

**A:** Ark needs to be more on guard than he is. He does not even yet completely comprehend how much fury hell hath. He would not be "in for more" to as great as an extent if only he would be more vigilant. But we fear that his Achilles heel is that he underestimates too much, even when he says that he doesn't.

**Q:** (Laura) What could he do, in terms of actual concrete action, at this point...

**A:** Actual concrete actions fall into place naturally if one has adequate knowledge and/or awareness.

**Q:** (Laura) What knowledge or awareness does he need to have emphasized in order to have the proper concrete action?

**A:** See last three responses.

**Q:** (Laura) So, in other words, he needs to realize that this woman... (Frank) Well, wait a minute now, what are they saying? (Terry) That's going to be hard for him to be aware of what's going on around him; he's a scientist. He gets focused.

**A:** But he is not your "typical" scientist in that and many other respects.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there anything I can say to him that will help this situation?

**A:** What we have just said to you.

**Q:** (Laura) Anything else on this?

**A:** If you ask...

**Q:** (Laura) Well, can anybody think of anything else? (Terry) Is the government watching him?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Terry) Is he aware of it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Laura) Are they reading our e-mails?

**A:** Open.

Q:(Terry) Well, if they're not, NSA is! (Alice) Ask if there's anything that he has omitted that is important in this case. (Laura) In the sense of filing suit against her, which would be the most effective, civil or criminal, in terms of halting her actions?

**A:** This too, is a learning experience.

**Q:** (Laura) Is what he is learning just how dark the darkness can be?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (Laura) And what is the other part of it?

**A:** Many other parts.

**Q:** (Laura) Is anything going to prevent him from arriving on the 11th?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (Terry) Is the US government watching him? Or at least have taken note of his actions? Think about it; he was invited to the conference.

**A:** That may be true long before any of this!

**Q:** (Terry) They're watching him because he's a top rated European scientist; they watch everybody. But, just think; he was invited to the conference, and you asked why was he invited to the conference, besides for his expertise?

**A:** If you beg for advice in this matter, we will say only this: perhaps best to concentrate all, and we do mean all, energies upon this matter and the seriousness therein during communications. There will be "time" for matters more akin to the "future," and of the heart, at a later juncture. Needs to understand the dangers that lurk, and that are potentially extreme, once and for all!!!!!

**Q:** (Laura) If we concentrate all energies on this matter, which matter in specific... (Terry) Ark getting here... (Laura) I know, but of the..

**A:** And of the divorce and of attack in general. What have we told you about who is subject to the greatest attack and why?

**Q:** (Laura) Those that are on the path are subject to the greatest attack, and that's why; they're on the path to find out how to overcome all this stuff. Is that it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Terry) The Feds, and the scientific community want to make sure that Ark's not doing something behind their back that they should be aware of at this point. Are we right about the papers, and the passport and the credit card?

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** (Laura) What happened to the passport and the credit card?

{See Adventures for background: [Adventures With Cassiopaea - Chapter 8](http://www.cassiopaea.com/cassiopaea/adventures050.htm)}

**A:** Examination, encoding, and alteration for purposes of monitoring.

**Q:** (Laura) Where did they remove them? Where were they taken? Where was he when they were taken?

**A:** Seated in crowded setting.

**Q:** (Jan) When were they replaced? (Laura) They weren't replaced, they were given back to him at the desk. (Jan) Oh, that's right! (Laura) Who took them? (Jan) Who returned them?

**A:** Agent from Alpha 1

**Q:** (Terry) Probably a government program. (Jan) Theirs, or ours? (Laura) They're all the same.

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Laura) Ok, would it be advisable for him to try and have these cards replaced?

**A:** No!!!

**Q:** (Terry) It won't matter. Besides, if he does that, then they'll know he knows! Then, they'll just give him another set that's marked!

**A:** Knowledge protects and... ignorance endangers!

**Q:** (Laura) And what else was it about that whole situation that we wanted to know? Was Ark trying to communicate to me that he was in danger when he was telling me about the cards and paperwork, or that he was aware of the situation?

**A:** Sensed something awry, but misdiagnosed, partially.

**Q:** (Jan) Why was the phone call to him in his room so interrogatory?

**A:** To gauge awareness.

**Q:** (Laura) Are they monitoring my phone calls to him there, every day?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Terry) They even monitor phone calls to Canada and back, and we're buddies. We're all the same country, it's a cross-border, and they monitor them. (Jan) Are they monitoring all your phone calls? (Laura) Probably.

**A:** Sometimes "they" even monitor these communications. Long ago, we told you how technology now existent makes such things as phone taps, for but one example, totally, completely, and ridiculously obsolete.

**Q:** (Laura) Should I try to tell him anything, either by the phone, or by e-mail, about this?

**A:** Pointless.

**Q:** (Terry) You don't have to. He has to be aware of it on his own, and from what you've already told us, he's aware. The scientology thing has to have really blown him away... where would that come from?

**A:** Assumptions. Awareness needs to be increased. And, we must tell you that "secret world government" technologies are approximately 150 years in advance of anything that you have access to.

**Q:** (Laura) Why is it pointless for me to try to communicate any of this to him? Why did you reply 'pointless' to that?

**A:** Not what we said. It is not pointless to warn him to smarten up on the vigilance and caution scales. Just pointless to try to direct him with details, or practice "subterfuge." After all, when your mind can be read like the morning newspaper, what is the point?

**Q:** (Laura) Have the lawyers or investigators that {his ex-wife} has hired monitored our Internet communications? Or our phone calls? Do they have access to those?

**A:** Not the lawyers, but maybe things "get around."

**Q:** (Jan) It's like the old "telephone game"... (Laura) How would they get around? He's the only one that knows about me, except his lawyer, and his mother, and his sister. (Terry) There's about 500 spooks between here and there! (Laura) Things get around...

**A:** Is that not enough to enlighten you?

**Q:** (Terry) Things get around... The lawyers and the ex-wife are not the big point, they're just part of it. (Jan) Well, it's kind of like starting a rumor, somebody overheard something, and... (Laura) Are the spooks loosely, or not so loosely, using {his ex-wife}? (Jan) Oh, good thought!

**A:** Maybe, but the sister and/or the mother tells the daughter who tells the wife who tells the lawyers who tell the investigators who tell...

**Q:** (Jan) ...and so on, and so on, and so on.... (Terry) And hey, he's coming to the Clearwater area. (Laura) Where is the Scientology bit coming from?

**A:** Lawyers via investigators... was it misdiagnosis, or convenient plan to be utilized later?

**Q:** (Laura) Can he trust his own attorney?

**A:** Can you trust yours?

**Q:** (Laura) Only because they want to make money.

**A:** OK.

**Q:** (Terry) Remember what the character in 'Primal Fear' said: "I don't care, I can't care, if you're innocent or guilty; whether you did it or not, I'm your mother, your father, your sister, your brother, you talk to no one else but me, I'm your lawyer..." (Laura) Is there any action that he can take that will put a stop to this Scientology rumor, and will...

**A:** See previous answer to similar questions.

**Q:** (Laura) Ok, they said that he will see any concrete actions that need to be taken once his awareness is pumped up, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there any more information you can give us tonight, for Ark, for ourselves?

**A:** No

**Q:** Then goodnight and thank you.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

