## April 19, 1997
Frank, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have this evening?

**A:** Yopanno.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Am I on the right track with the "bloodline" research?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** Am I going to discover some more startling things with this "bloodline" research?

**A:** Discovery is the fruit of inquiry.

**Q:** Am I correct in my assessment that the origin of the Grail stories was the story of the Head of Bran?

**A:** But what was the "origin" of Brahna?

**Q:** Well, from the way I am interpreting what I have found, I have two possibilities: One is the Celts from Kantek, and two: a Nephilim hybrid.

**A:** Could be one and the same.

**Q:** Well, from what you have said in prior sessions, these bloodlines can be of positive or negative orientation, a duality, and that they lead to super-secret power sources. Is that correct?

**A:** Well, the duality is existent concommitantly through all bloodlines, but in the so-called celts, it is more pronounced, therefore, there are more vivid power cells and centers.

**Q:** Are these cells and centers that you talk about, are they something that is located in the body or a part of the spirit-body connection...

**A:** The extant body.

**Q:** What do you mean by "extant" body?

**A:** Existent/external.

**Q:** Okay, I will keep digging. How can I find if there is going to be a connection between the Aryan/Jewish bloodline of Jesus and the Merovingian/Plantagenet bloodline? Does it exist?

**A:** Only to the extent of the shared origins of the essenes and the celts.

**Q:** A mentioned that he used to think that he was Jewish. Is he, or half?

**A:** If you are going to find anything, you need not be foretold.

**Q:** Am I going to find anything?

**A:** Just do it.

**Q:** I did a little card reading while he was going to see his daughter for the first time in almost 6 months, and I pulled up one card that said "sickness unto death." And, I had asked what would be the result on me of this meeting with his daughter, and this is what it said. I was very upset because I had the dream about dying when I was up in Gainesville. Can you tell me anything? I was upset!

**A:** Cards mean only what the vibrations provide.

**Q:** Were my vibrations that I was going to get sick and die, or that our relationship was going to get sick and die, the daughter was going to be sick and die, or A or A or...

**A:** Every physical vehicle experiences "sickness unto death."

**Q:** My question was: what would be the result of this meeting with his daughter. Now, you are worrying me.

**A:** Why worry? Do you not see that which you have accomplished up to now, through desire begetting sheer will, begetting realization?!?

**Q:** Could I have been picking up vibrations of A having someone put some sort of hex on me?

**A:** What difference does it make?

**Q:** Well, once before when someone did this, you said I was sick because these dark forces were concentrated on me.

**A:** What is our most famous saying?

**Q:** Knowledge protects.... Well, does having knowledge of her nature provide protection?

**A:** You are not realizing your power.

**Q:** So, I don't even need that?

**A:** No,

**Q:** Okay. Now, I thought about it and reasoned it out, and am nearly positive that she took the pictures, tape and Brana letters. The pictures I can understand. Either to spite me or him, or to use in a negative way. Or is there another option? I am not seeking confirmation, just trying to settle it so I can get away from it.

**A:** Then it is settled, so go away from it!

**Q:** Well, what I am really trying to get to is this: some of those pictures were irreplaceable. I would like to recover them. Can you suggest something?

**A:** Let the pieces fall into place.

{Personal questions with no general value for others redacted.}

**Q:** Is it important for me to go to Europe in any way? To do anything significant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is there any significant reason to go other than to be with him?

**A:** Learning.

**Q:** I need a word of wisdom. A clue to follow....

**A:** Blue water, white skies.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** You asked for a clue!

**Q:** Oh! Okay. Thanks and good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

