## February 1, 1997
Present: Laura, Frank, Terry, Jan, V

{Discussion before the session was Terry talking about all kinds of new star wars type weapons he'd been reading about and possible influence and/or purposes for such weapons.}

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Wonnapa.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Have you been listening to our discussion?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Do you have any commentary you would like to make on the subject?

**A:** Well, more specific than that, please!

**Q:** Well, I'm not going to ask any questions about munitions. I don't know anything about munitions, and I couldn't ask any intelligent questions...

**A:** Your conversation covered a whole lot more than just munitions.

**Q:** Yes, it did. Now... (T) What did they ask? What did the discussion cover? (J) ... our conversation 'covered a whole lot more than munitions.' (T) Yup, it did! (L) OK, well, if we've got these... these... well, I don't even want to get on the subject, because I just... it... (T) Then, well, let's talk about something else.

**A:** Yes, we do suggest you do get on to the subject.

**Q:** (L) All right, then, you guys go ahead and ask your questions, because you know what to ask... They want you to get on to the subject...

**A:** No, Laura, you do too!

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't...

**A:** You don't know anything about Illuminati? Or secret government? Or future plans to institute changes?

**Q:** (T) Yep, that's what we were talking about...

**A:** Or, how this may, let us make that WILL, affect you?!? It would be wise to learn, discuss, and network quite a bit about this, for your own good!! Especially since we have noticed a distinct change in your "tone" since Arkadiusz came into your life... you have become somewhat "euphoric" about this turn of events, and your perspective on the prospects for your future. But it would be most decidedly unwise to let your temporary feelings obstruct the bigger picture, especially since the addition of Arkadiusz will have a stunningly profound effect on the course of events and all that implies with regards to the coming of the wave and the turmoil that will precede it!!!

{The group stops to discuss the message. Tape turned off.}

**Q:** (T)... and it's not that we're anchoring it in New Port Richey... (L) It's the planet... (T) ...we're anchoring it to the planet. And, there are other groups, anchoring frequencies. Maybe different frequencies, maybe the same frequency. They alluded to that, too, they said that there were other groups... (V) Yes, that's something I was wondering about, for the last month, was one of the first times that I sat with you and Frank, they had said, what, that there were about ten people on the planet, that they were... (L) They said about 100. And they said that 10 were getting similar... (V) I was wondering whether that's grown in the last two or three years... (J) Good question! (T) Well, I think the Gulf Breeze Six people were hooked into it and they didn't make it. A lot of the groups are not going to make it. (V) Well, a good way to gauge is to observe the interaction... (T) They can't depend on just one group to do it. They've got to have a whole bunch of different groups trying to do it. That way, at least one will make a connection. The more the merrier. The more groups, the stronger it becomes. (L) The whole thing is, is to survive. I mean, after we've had some of the bizarre things...

**A:** Start the flow again, Laura.

**Q:** (L) Which flow?

**A:** You don't know ?!? They said, incredulously...

**Q:** (T) The frequency, the flow, what we've just been talking about. (L) OK... (T) Start the flow again. Is that what you're talking about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** When Ark gets here, this particular group is going to increase...?

**A:** We meant to restart questions...

**Q:** (L) OK, start the flow...

**A:** ... regarding the subjects at hand.

**Q:** (L) OK, they want me to start the flow again... (T) Start the questions... (L) All right. To start the flow of the energy, let me ask this: You have said, on a number of occasions, that somehow, some way, what we are doing is going to play some role in these upcoming changes, turmoil, etc. And then, you've also, on other occasions, made allusions to secret government, and to the Illuminati, and so on and so forth. And you have also said that our knowledge is going to increase to, I think it was 30 to 35% of what the Illuminati possesses, but that would be like individually, each of us individually, so added together, it would be a lot more than that. Can we think, or ask, if there's going to be a general tendency for our activities to be more closely scrutinized in the not too distant future?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L & T) Of course! (L) Let me ask; is there going to be any attempt to further attack or harm us in any way?

**A:** Well, let us put it this way: the future is fluid, as you know. Knowledge protects you. But, it would be wise to picture these letters appearing on a screen somewhere, at the same moment that they are uttered!

**Q:** (L) Is it the uttering that... (T) Uttering, or spelled on the board? (L) ...'the moment they are uttered'... is it the uttering that is the key. {The fact that I speak them aloud.}

**A:** Does not matter, in all reality. The key is what the expectation is as to how they are intended to be put to use.

{Discussion about outside monitoring possibilities.}

**Q:** (T) Remind me; I've got another observation to make about the people on the other end... (L) Is there an internal configuration or frequency level that makes it so that the persons who are selected to do this monitoring, or to be involved in any of this kind of activity, such as you have described, as in the words appearing on the screen, etc., so that they are definitely selected because of their STS orientation?

**A:** This process takes place naturally. Now, a warning for you. Frequency resonance modulations of vibration rate can be altered or modified from outside if one is not cautious and/or aware enough, and thus takes necessary precautions.

{Discussion about potential corruption of information by those monitoring.}

**Q:** (L) Well, OK, we know that. So, in other words, not only the information channel...

**A:** Yours can, ours cannot!

{Tape off}

**Q:** ...and they're letting them go and do it, because they figure it's going to be great, because everybody'll think it's just TV, it's just phony. And they are hoping it won't go. The whole thing all goes together. It's all linked together. Somebody's watching this stuff, it's disseminated through their organization, too. (L) I want to ask a question...

**A:** Now, remember technology can be used to "zap" you in a number of ways. For example... beware of any episodes of sudden storminess that may occur between you and Ark.

{Tape off and examples discussed.}

**Q:** (J) ... arguments that just jump up out of nowhere... (L) We're aware of that... (T) That's something to keep in mind. (L) What...? (J) It's been happening to us... (T) How many attacks have been generated to stop us? Lots! How many attacks have not happened, simply because this information is being disseminated amongst them? How many allies do we have there? (L) Probably a few. (T) It's growing... (L) I mean, Terry and...

**A:** Maybe, but alliances that develop within the confines of certain "agencies" may be treated rather harshly.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask this quick, before anything else happens, just hold everything. I want to get it in. I have had, in the last couple of weeks, three very difficult falls, almost as if something was done. Now, Ark and TA perceive this as a deliberate attack on me physically. Is it, in fact, an attack on me physically?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of these... well, it's pretty obvious. It's to put me out of commission. Is this the chief way that I generally get attacked?

**A:** Yes. And we are warning you now !!! Do not get distracted any further by worrying over details of preparations to this house for Arkadiusz's arrival. This is ridiculously unnecessary, and furthermore, diverts your energy and awareness to such an extent that it can leave you open to even the ultimate "hit" !!!!

{Tape was turned off to discuss safety measures. Never turned back on. Last two questions lost.}

Q:

**A:** OK.

Q:

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

