## March 29, 1997
Frank, Terry, Jan, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello

**A:** Hello

**Q:** And what name shall we use this evening?

**A:** Sannorri

**Q:** And where are we transmitting from?

**A:** We do not know where "you" are transmitting from, but we are translating the density communicators through that locator you know as Cassiopaea!!

**Q:** (Terry) Does that mean we are talking to the Cassies, or are we talking to someone else? They never did like that before!

**A:** Variety is the spice of life.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, we have a variety, we have a new person! We're allowed to do it, so can they, I guess!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) All right, now, let me get my questions. The first question I want to ask tonight is about Susan Brana of Gain Systems who has been corresponding back and forth with Ark... OK, what is the source of the funding behind them? {Sue Brana and Gain Systems was the same person who funded Nick Begich to write "Angels Don't Play this HAARP. She had approached us about doing some "secret work" in relation to "developing technology from crop circles".}

**A:** We know this, but, any guesses?

**Q:** (Laura) OK, they want us to play 20 questions. Do we have any guesses?

**A:** Ask Lindemann.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, we know who's behind it now... Rockefeller! So we're talking Rockybucks and his bunch.

**A:** Are we? Or, is that unsubstantiated rumor?

**Q:** (Laura) Well, yes, it could be unsubstantiated rumor, we don't know that it's the Rockefellers behind Lindemann. OK, let me ask this. Is it the United States government?

**A:** There is no such.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, let me try this another way. Is this SB a legitimate source of funding for...

**A:** It is "legitimate," as it can indeed provide unlimited funds. But, the real question is: Do you want to take advantage?

**Q:** (Jan) What is the price tag attached?

**A:** Depends upon results of experimentation.

**Q:** (Laura) No, I asked what's the price tag? Does it depend upon the results of our experimentation, or theirs?

**A:** Ours.

**Q:** (Laura) Yes.

**A:** If you discover something truly "earthshaking," well...

**Q:** (Laura) In other words, if we discover something truly earthshaking, the price might be very high. Is that it?

**A:** Maybe. Or, you could be sequestered.

**Q:** (Terry) In other words, put out, taken away... caged and used! (Ark) Anybody can be sequestered away from what is necessary...

**A:** It is possibility. {Checked gauss meter - didn't seem to be registering, and was adjusted}

**Q:** (Laura) OK, do you have any other comments to make about SB? What did they say now, that maybe the same funding as Lindemann was behind them also. How about, what would you call it... the Quorum. Is the Quorum behind it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, is the Quorum the group we're supposed to be looking for? (Terry) We have to go back and ask about the Quorum. We've got so many characters, it's worse than X-Files!

**A:** No, more interesting.

**Q:** (Terry) Yes, it is, definitely!

**A:** World banking conglomerate.

**Q:** (Terry) World bank. (Laura) I do not wish to be 'owned' in that way...

**A:** Not easy to avoid.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, I know it's not easy to avoid.

**A:** Will become even more difficult soon.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, they didn't say impossible... they just said difficult. But, on the other hand, I don't know if I want to do more difficult... well, we've got so much difficult... (Terry) ...That it's easy now!

**A:** Many interesting things to happen.

**Q:** (Laura) To happen? Where, when, how, why, and to whom?

**A:** You. And everyone else in your realm... Expect revelations.

**Q:** (Laura) All right. Well. Ark has to get on a plane the week after next...

**A:** Not long in Poland.

**Q:** (Laura) Why?

**A:** Circumstances intervene. Has been a change in positions at University... Some interesting developments with regard to marriage.

**Q:** (Laura) When you say interesting, do you mean interesting in the sense of positive and less stressful? {Ark had been involved in a protracted divorce action.}

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Laura) Both? OK, not going to worry about that. The next big question is...

**A:** Mean both positive and negative.

**Q:** (Laura) Both positive and negative! Wonderful! On to the next question. We would like to know why there was such an upsurge in the number of visitors to the Web page?

**A:** Because of current events.

**Q:** (Laura) Do you mean current events as in the suicides of all the people over the Hale Bopp thing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) And what was the initiating reason for them to come to that particular Web page? They did some sort of a Web page search, and what did they find, I mean, what was the key?

**A:** Varied.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, on the former occasion when {name redacted} brought this little gadget {The gauss meter} to the Library and it was dancing around all over the place, can you tell me why {Gauss meter moves at this point.} it was moving so vigorously at that particular time, and yet is moving only a little bit now?

**A:** Em wave can be refracted by surroundings.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, can you make this needle move, at the present time, upon request? To any extent at all?

**A:** No. Wave makes needle move, not us.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, and what makes the wave? What is the source of the wave, the EM, if it's not you? {The placement of the gauss meter was adjusted to touch the edge of the board}

**A:** EM wave is side effect of channeling process.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, let me ask this question. In talking about time, I would like to ask, in relation to time, what is memory?

**A:** More specific.

**Q:** (Laura) You want me to be more specific, well, let me put it this way. Some understanding of time refers to it as the 'now', the ever-present now. Well, a lot of people remember a lot of other 'nows,' some people don't remember any 'nows' at all, and it seems like memory is almost like a reverse function of anticipation. Anticipation being almost like a memory of the 'future' and memory being like a reverse anticipation into the past. So, what I would like to know is if time is merely a 'now', what is memory?

**A:** Conscious and subconscious record of perceptions.

**Q:** (Laura) Ok. If memory is subconscious or conscious recording of perceptions, when one accumulates a sufficient amount of memory, does one then become 'timeless'?

**A:** One is always timeless.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, but does one then become aware of one's timelessness?

**A:** In 4th density.

**Q:** (Laura) OK. Does an electron have a memory?

**A:** Electron is borrowed unit of 7th density.

**Q:** (Laura) All right, in the picture of the crop circle you designated as being 'Atomic Structure', there was the concentric circles and then these three things on the outside corners of the triangle, one being zigzag, one being plain and round, and the other one kind of like a wheel, it had like little divisions. Would the zig-zaggy one be the electron?

**A:** Not correct concept atomic structure unifies elemental atoms.

**Q:** (Laura) What is an elemental atom, as opposed to an ordinary atom?

**A:** Elemental defines singular body of structure. Within, as in: "element of." Electron is element of atomic structure.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there anything about an atom that holds memory?

**A:** Memory is subjective, atom is not.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, some atoms seem to be somewhat subjective.

**A:** No, it is your interpretation.

**Q:** (Laura) There was a call here to the house from the New York Times, supposedly somebody who was from the New York Times, I would like to know, why this person called?

**A:** Wanted your "spin" on "Heaven's Gate."

**Q:** (Terry) Are there going to be repercussions throughout the, how shall I put this, the community of people, even though they are not related to this, who are doing things like this, over this Heavens Gate, Solar Temple mess?

**A:** Temporary.

**Q:** (Terry) Until they find something else to latch onto. (Laura) That's right. (Jan) This week's 'mind candy.' (Laura) Exactly. That's a good term for it. Anything that we need to know that I haven't asked? That I ought to have asked? That I would like you to consider as having been asked? (Terry) That's a good way to put it! (Laura) Anything that you wish to convey to us, consider the question asked!

**A:** Energies at your Gainesville locator.

**Q:** (Terry) What about the energies there?

**A:** Negative.

**Q:** (Laura) Yes, it's pretty and all, but...

**A:** No. The house!

**Q:** (Terry) What's causing the negative energy at this house?

**A:** Poltergeist.

**Q:** (Laura) Will we be all right for the little time we have left?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (Ark) Yes, but the last time we asked about that, they said that it was an old cemetery, but that it was not important. (Jan) Ask if that has changed.

**A:** Yes. Beware of possible leg fracture.

**Q:** (Laura) For who?

**A:** Laura.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, obviously, it's not going to be you, Ark! I'm the one that's always falling! So, it's obviously a good idea for me to go and stay in the office all day long.

**A:** It is a good idea for you to watch yourself!!

**Q:** (Jan) Carry around a mirror! (Laura) That's a good one! (Jan) I'm trying to stay awake here! Sorry about that. (Terry) Anything at all you would like to impart to us this evening?

**A:** No. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

As it turned out, the father of the owner of the house where we were staying in Gainesville came to fix some plumbing a few days after this session and fell and broke his leg. I had been being super careful myself, but it looked like the "leg-breaking energy" had to go somewhere!

