## September 20, 1997
Frank, Anna H., Alice, Laura.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Vialli.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I want to start off tonight with a question that has been bugging me all week: I want to know why whales sing?

**A:** Communication.

**Q:** They sing to communicate. I kind of figured that. Is this an elaborate and complicated form of communication?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it as complicated as a spoken language such as what we know?

**A:** More so.

**Q:** Is there any key you could give us as to how to interpret this language?

**A:** You would need to think in an entirely different way.

**Q:** What way would this be? Is it an image based language, or is it tone based? Do the tones evoke images or concepts and ideas?

**A:** It is psionic/practical wave modulation through flange scopotic transmisson.

**Q:** Could you define your use of psionic for me?

**A:** Seeing, hearing, feeling, absorption and response in simultaneous thought wave profile.

**Q:** Okay. What do whales talk about?

**A:** Not correct concept.

**Q:** What is the correct concept?

**A:** Total thought transference.

**Q:** What subjects interest whales enough that they exert energy to transfer those thoughts?

**A:** No need for "subjects" when one has total simultaneous comprehension.

**Q:** What do whales feel about human beings?

**A:** Wrong idea again!! You are not grasping this!!!

**Q:** I know that! I'm trying to... how do they feel about human beings?!

**A:** Each whale is able to absorb all truths that exist past, present and future at all "times."

**Q:** Well then, they are pretty awesome creatures and humans ought not to be hunting them down and killing them!

**A:** Lesson profiles interject experience.

**Q:** Who gets the experience interjected, us or them? We must be the ones getting the lesson here...

**A:** All there is is lessons.

**Q:** If there is anything else you want to tell us about whales, because obviously I am not understanding here. Are dolphins similar in make-up and ability?

**A:** Not "yet."

**Q:** They are down on the scale from whales. I think that whales are absolutely awesome. Are whale souls sort of like a composite soul - sort of like a bunch of dolphin souls make up a whale soul?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is a whale soul always a whale soul from the beginning?

**A:** Whale is unified soul.

**Q:** Unified from what to what?

**A:** All whales share the same soul!

**Q:** Are human beings like that or moving in that direction, becoming unified soul?

**A:** Fragmented.

**Q:** Human beings are a fragmented soul. Were we once a unified soul?

**A:** Once and future.

**Q:** When one is a unified soul, then obviously all the experiences of the former fragments become everyone's experience, so to speak. Is that correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Anna wants to ask a question. She feels very drawn to South Carolina...

**A:** Anna should be the one to ask us.

**Q:** (A) Because I am so drawn to the area, I wonder if I had a past life in South Carolina?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) What past life with Luther, my husband, if any?

**A:** Before we get to that, you should beware; forces can be employed to either direct or misdirect 3rd density beings...

**Q:** (A) What do you mean by that? I don't understand...

**A:** When one is "drawn," who or what is doing the "drawing" and why?

**Q:** (A) You are talking now about South Carolina, I was just asking about my husband... what kind of past life I had with him...

**A:** We told you, "before we get to that."

**Q:** So, that was about the South Carolina issue and not your husband...

**A:** Just for your information: South Carolina is extraordinarily seismically unstable!

**Q:** (A) So that means that I should not move... (L) Oh, they won't tell you what to do! (A) So this place where the property is is not safe?

**A:** If things on your planet do indeed "heat up," as is certainly one possible future scenario from your viewpoint, it might not be a bad idea to avoid standing directly on the "burners."

**Q:** So, you are saying that South Carolina is one of the burners that might get turned on when things heat up?

**A:** Where one finds faults, one shall find slippage.

**Q:** (F) I have heard that the most recent ideas say that the fault system that runs under the Caribbean including Montserrat, for example, juts off to the Northwest at about Charleston and then cuts under the Appalachians connecting to the New Madrid fault in Missouri in a sort of direct line from Charleston to there. (A) What year are they predicting? (F) Well, they aren't predicting anything, but they have been saying for years that there are a number of places in the Eastern United States that have been forgotten because all the attention has been on California. But, historically speaking, there have been earthquakes in several places in the Central Eastern US, some of which were worse than ANY recorded on the West Coast. (L) Okay, so they brought the subject up of being 'drawn' to this place, and the question was asked as to who or what was doing the drawing and, of course, why? I would say that...

**A:** Anna ask, please.

**Q:** (A) The place where we have the property is not safe?

**A:** "Safety" is a relative term.

**Q:** (L) No place is completely safe, but some places are safer than others. You say that something is drawing you there... I think I would go in that direction...

**A:** Anna ask, please.

**Q:** (A) Okay, I don't understand...

**A:** If one is "drawn," why is this??

**Q:** (A) I am drawn there because we have the property there.

**A:** What if you had property in Bangladesh? Would you then be drawn there instead?

**Q:** (L) They are trying to make you think. Why are you drawn there.

**A:** Is it really just because you own property there?

**Q:** (A) It is not only that. I like it there. Why does my husband like it so much too?

**A:** Ask yourself this.

**Q:** (A) There are the four seasons and nice weather.

**A:** Is South Carolina the only place with "nice weather?"

**Q:** (A) No, but we have looked all over. The city is so nice. It is beautiful there. I love it. We have looked all over - California, Arizona - it is just meant to be. We are drawn there, no matter what. What is drawing me to South Carolina?

**A:** Forces unseen.

**Q:** (A) Unseen forces are drawing me there? What kind of forces?

**A:** 4th density.

**Q:** (A) Well, anyway, I'm not going to think about it now. Is it possible to sell the house this month?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) You can sell anything if you drop the price enough. (A) The company that I am working with, am I going to be happy with them?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (A) RJ Morgan. The work. Long term?

**A:** If you "play your cards right."

**Q:** (A) Well, that's true. (L) Okay, let's get to the question about the military crashes. There have been 4 crashes of military planes in the past week. Were any of these crashes related to the activity of negative forces?

**A:** Yes. But then again, the entire concept and working reality of the "military" is directly related to "negative forces."

**Q:** Were any of these plane crashes, in specific, more unusual than the others in terms of the reasons for the crash?

**A:** Stealth fighter contains some alien inspired technology.

**Q:** Did this alien technology contribute to the crash of this plane?

**A:** In an indirect way.

**Q:** Frank has described the crash of the stealth bomber. What caused this crash?

**A:** Gyromagnetic imbalance induced by frame material bleedthrough transdensity.

**Q:** Are you saying that the frame material of the stealth bomber is a transdensity material?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And that there was a bleedthrough of a controlling influence from another density that upset the gyro...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Was this deliberate on the part of the 4th density beings to cause this crash?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was it a normal reaction because it was passing in and out of higher density airspace? Was there 4th density bleedthrough in the area?

**A:** Close. And interference near you is disrupting this communication.

**Q:** What interference?

**A:** Children.

**Q:** [Children are sent to bed] Why does the influence of the children interfere with the communication? The noise or their auric profiles?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** What is going to make my arm feel better. The pain is really getting out of control.

**A:** How did the salve work?

**Q:** It helps. Should I just continue using it. I had a lot of relief, but then, as today progressed, it seized up again. Is the primary source the neck, the shoulder or the arm?

**A:** Neck.

**Q:** On these crashed airplanes, were any of the others the result of 4th density bleedthrough?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay, I got an e-mail from Val Valerian. He was interested in the Diana thing and how that relates to the Pandora's Box business and the Denver Airport, so he wrote something, but I found that this was basically something that someone else had posted on the web. Anyway, he claimed to be a descendant of Anne Boleyn, is this correct?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Well, let me say this: the only descendant of Anne Boleyn that is known is Queen Elizabeth I who, supposedly died without issue. So, I don't understand how anyone could be a descendant of Anne Boleyn without coming through Elizabeth. Did Anne Boleyn have any other children besides Elizabeth?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who?

**A:** Look and you shall find clue.

**Q:** Did she have this other child before or after Elizabeth?

**A:** Before.

**Q:** And who was the father of this other child?

**A:** Henry VIII.

**Q:** Well, why do we never hear about this other child?

**A:** Why do you never hear about so many things?

**Q:** Was this a child that was born before their marriage, and therefore illegitimate?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Was it male or female?

**A:** Female.

**Q:** Well, that is bizarre! Was Sir Francis Bacon the son of Elizabeth as was rumored?

**A:** No.

**Q:** But there was another daughter of Anne and Henry?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** It wasn't Jane Grey?

**A:** No.

**Q:** But if I read the history, I will figure out who it was?

**A:** Yes. And on that note... good night.

END OF SESSION

