## July 12, 1997
Frank, Laura, Alice

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Deotton.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** In this underground bases book I have been reading, there are two old miners telling a story about falling through a hole in a mine into a city of gold with mummified soldiers sitting around a huge table, and a 98 foot tall, solid gold statue. I would like to know if this was just a story these guys made up?

**A:** Fable.

**Q:** So, they did not fall through a mine shaft into a city of gold in the Panamint Mountains?

**A:** The area around Death Valley does have many underground mysterious mysteries, but many have heard the legends.

**Q:** Okay. Just a general legend being repeated and embellished. I thought so. Now, I noticed when looking at the map that there is a place called "China Lake Naval Weapons Center" right next to Death Valley. I mean, aside from the fact that it is a NAVAL station nowhere near water, is this connected in anyway to these underground bases or cities?

**A:** In a circuitous way.

**Q:** I also notice that Edwards Air Force Base is a little to the South of there, and my guess is that these bases are connected to this underground tunnel system, these underground bases or cities. Am I going in the right direction?

**A:** Draw a line on the map to connect Death Valley, Edwards, and the Antelope Valley. Then connect with Mount Shasta, Mount Rainier, Back to Las Vegas, on to Sedona, over to the Archuleta Mesa, then on up to the Denver Airport.

**Q:** Well, speaking of the Denver Airport, Chloe may be going there soon because Samantha NOW has cancer to top off her lifetime of ongoing miseries. So, Chloe may be going out there. So, she will be close. Any comments?

**A:** Then have Chloe go to that airport, observe carefully, then report back her findings. Very important, because the murals there are directly connected to what you are studying carefully right now. Superclues to be found there, which can point to monstrous future plans of 4th density STS and much, much more. Be wary if Chloe resists the idea... This means something! Obviously it is not a hardship for her. But strongly suggest you keep your findings to within the group!

**Q:** Well, then, is it safe to go? I mean, has Samantha suddenly developed this "condition" just to lure Chloe out there? Does she really have as serious a condition as she says? Will she lose her nose?

**A:** It has been "blown out of proportion."

**Q:** Very cute! Well, I think that since Chloe talked to her about her bad choices, and she has had to admit that she is repeating these bad choices, that now she needs another excuse to perpetuate her choices, and that she can't otherwise complain about all these men being bad to her.

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** So, it could be a way of sustaining control of what SHE wants, while still getting sympathy?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Is there any chance she will lose her nose?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Does she have cancer?

**A:** Yes. But, it is a good opportunity for Chloe to observe the murals, the atmosphere of the airport, and report back.

**Q:** Okay, in this relief painting done by Berenger Sauniere in the church at Rennes le Chateau, Mary Magdalene is depicted as gazing hopefully or reverently at a tree branch formed into a cross, stuck in the ground. What kind of tree is it?

**A:** The "tree of life."

**Q:** Well, I had a different idea... some people say it is an acacia tree. Are you saying it is not a genus, horticulturally?

**A:** Genus is family tree.

**Q:** And what family is it a family tree for?

**A:** Check your Magna for lesson.

**Q:** My magna? What in the world? Okay, "blue apples:" Stones or grapes?

**A:** Why not both?

**Q:** Okay! I can accept that! What was Berenger Sauniere collecting all those rocks for?

**A:** What about conductor?

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** What conducts.

**Q:** Was he building a little Stonehenge?

**A:** Have you researched the power of Stonehenge, and how it relates... where it fits in?

**Q:** Yes, we are bit by bit collecting things...

**A:** Well? And crop circles? Amazing connections... And what of "The Rosy Cross?"

**Q:** Well, this is what we are looking at! I have even discovered that Sir Francis Bacon's name is even derived from "beech," and that his Latin signature has the gematria number of 17 - and January 17 is the feast day of St. Anthony, who replaced St. Augustine in this affair somewhat... and I have connected the Rosicrucians all over the blasted planet, for crying out loud! And, who is who here? Just who are the good guys?

**A:** Airports are used by both.

**Q:** Well, what is THAT supposed to mean?

**A:** Transdimensional Atomic Remolecularizer.

**Q:** You mean there is a TDARM at the Denver Airport?

**A:** Not that simple... and much, much deeper meaning. Did you catch the latest report about Neanderthals and DNA and how it relates to you?

**Q:** Yes, I read it. But it seems that they have decided that this proves their screwy theory about the origins of mankind in deepest Africa.

**A:** Not "so screwy." Just the relating of the info.

**Q:** Well, I notice that there is a LOT of heating up of things lately. Gerald Ford admitted to altering the Warren Report, the Mars probe is admitting that there was once a LOT more water on Mars than could be "locked up" in permafrost as Sagan suggested. Good grief! I said that over 10 years ago! Yes, it took about 40 days for all the water on Mars to settle out of our atmosphere after Mars took a close swing and the Earth grabbed it's water.

**A:** Admissions of such types can be made when it is "convenient." Expect a veritable plethora... And massive numbers of UFO documentaries to be seen on TV....

**Q:** Okay. I have been looking for a "Percy" in the paper, but the only one I have found was the attorney for the Shabazz kid who killed his grandmother by setting fire to their apartment.

**A:** Keep eyes and mind open.

**Q:** What was the Eleusian mystery? Is this what we are supposed to be tracking back to? I mean, this is sort of where I have ended up?

**A:** One leg of the table.

**Q:** Okay, what is this P-S related to that appears on the stone slab from the Rennes le Chateau churchyard? Everybody is talking about the "Priory of Sion." But, what does this P-S mean? Is that it?

**A:** Look into ancient tongues...

**Q:** Ancient tongues? Get me a little closer to it!

**A:** Swords, daggers pierce...

**Q:** Is this P-S something about "Percy?" Swords, daggers, pierce... Damascus? Damascus steel?

**A:** Search for learning.

**Q:** Okay. Now, I have got this "Et in Arcadia ego" rearranged to "Tiena arca Ida geo." Am I onto something here, or am I nowhere near it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** And we have the Rho-Chi for Rosy Cross, and we have the Ida, which is Tejeda on Tenerife, and we have the REDDIS, which I am interpreting as Rhedae, or Rhea, which is another name for Ceres or Demeter, and REGIS as Dionysus, one being the earth and the other being the spirit, and the CELLIS being the feminine principle, and the Arcis being the masculine principle... and then we have this Prae-cum which is above the spider image. Why is the arrow pointing from the P-S down to the spider? What is the spider?

**A:** You know of the spider!

**Q:** Well, yes, but I know what I know, but I don't know if I am getting anywhere!

**A:** You will when you connect "the dots."

**Q:** Connect the dots... My God! Swords, daggers.... I GET IT!

**A:** It is the "destiny!"

**Q:** Yeah! I just got the image of the "Piercing of the spider," rather like pinning it to a piece of paper as a specimen where it can no longer spin its web and entrap!!!

**Q:** Okay, here is Ark's first question: "if the general view of the situation that I wrote you, "bird's-eye view" is correct?"

**A:** Why not? The thought would not be so "nagging" if were not so!

**Q:** "Or, perhaps, I am missing some important point(s), and if so what is(are) this point(s)?"

**A:** When one is on a quest for true learning and higher knowledge, there are no "missing points," only those not yet discovered!

**Q:** "How ‘long' will they still be able to use the Cassiopaean transmitter, should we start to take some steps thinking of the future when the transmission point will have to be moved? Or, perhaps, this is not something we have to worry about in advance? I would like to know.... I do not like to be taken by surprise"....

**A:** No need to worry!

**Q:** Is there anything that you can say to help him with his worries? He is probably gonna worry anyway...

**A:** "If one has the will of a Lion, one does not have the fate of a mouse!"

**Q:** Very cute! I liked that one! But, now, you took the wind out of my sails with the answer about the destiny. But, in my perception of this arrangement on this stone, is it that the two sides need to be united, is that correct? Or is the Arrow from the P-S pointing at the spider a divider of two opposing groups?

**A:** Open for your discovery!

**Q:** Oh, you guys are BAD to me tonight!

**A:** No, we be berry berry goood to Lawra! {Multiple letter o in "goood" as given.}

**Q:** Okay, the night before last, I heard a noise and something was trying to push me out of my body. I more or less "threw" mental force and it went away, and at that exact moment I saw a lizard run across my window. It really freaked me out! Who was in my room pushing me out of my body?

**A:** Who do you think?

**Q:** Well, obviously, it was a Lizzie because the universe gave me that clever little sign. But, what was the purpose of that little exercise in mental domination?

**A:** Needs no purpose, just is!

**Q:** What was the influence that caused our little "event" of the past few days?

**A:** S waves.

**Q:** What is an S wave?

**A:** Look it up.

**Q:** Who was being subjected to the S waves?

**A:** Ark.

**Q:** Was this having an effect because of the events in Dijon?

**A:** Semi.

**Q:** Well, what other factor is involved?

**A:** Arkadiusz is strong willed. Must be to be seeker of worlds. To paraphrase: "I am become ONE... Creator of worlds." And, on that contemplative note, good night.

END OF SESSION

