## August 9, 1997
Frank, Laura, Alice {Laura's mother}.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Uturrah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Alright - we have a number of questions tonight. Is there anything you wish to address to any of us before we get started?

**A:** Ask.

**Q:** Well, we had T & J here the week before last. Immediately after, everyone in the house who was NOT sick became ill, myself included. Once before, you remarked that certain of my EM bursts could cause illness, particularly in the children. I am wondering if this had anything to do with this sickness. Did my reaction to the presence of T & J cause one of these bursts?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What is the source of this sickness which just does not want to go away?

**A:** Virogen called "L Plasmodic benten."

**Q:** What was the source of transmission?

**A:** Oxygen, and flesh and cutlery.

**Q:** (A) Does that mean in the kitchen? The kids sharing utensils?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Any further comment on it or advice about it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) Are we all going to be okay?

**A:** Maybe. Wash hands more!!

**Q:** Well, I do it all the time. (A) But the kids don't. (L) Well, I will have to keep after them.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there anything I could give to A\*\*\*\*\*\* to help her? She has coughed terribly throughout this sickness.

**A:** Must "outgrow" the tendency to gag.

**Q:** I would like to announce that the web page is started. Do you have any comments or special requests?

**A:** Think carefully before broadcasting any and all information received.

**Q:** Well, we will do that. Are there any particular categories that you would suggest we withhold or restrict?

**A:** Anything that relates to "earth shaking" data, especially relative to secrets some do not want uncovered.

**Q:** Does this mean such things as the Denver Airport, HAARP, the Nephilim, and underground cities?

**A:** Just look before you leap!

**Q:** Okay. We will just talk about general things such as principles and guidelines for living?

**A:** Restrict not as to subject matter, just individual bytes.

**Q:** Nevertheless, getting back to the original subject. I felt some restriction with T & J present. Was this imagined or actual?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** What was the nature of the restriction?

**A:** Clash of wills.

**Q:** Whose wills were clashing?

**A:** Yours and theirs.

**Q:** And what is their will focused upon?

**A:** Themselves.

**Q:** In the past, you encouraged association with them...

**A:** And we still do!

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Because the best way to get used to the heat is to spend time in the kitchen. The field you have been directed to is chock full of those who would make Terry and Jan seem like Ma and Pa Kettle!!!

**Q:** What do you mean 'the field?'

**A:** What do you think?!?

**Q:** Well, I just want to sit at home and channel the information, publish it, and not have to deal with the unpleasant parts!

**A:** Lots o'luck!!!

**Q:** What is that supposed to mean?

**A:** If you live by the sword, do not expect to sleep on the couch!

**Q:** Talk about your mixed metaphors!!! What the heck is THAT supposed to mean? Now listen, you guys are the ones who got me into all this!

**A:** Negative!

**Q:** I asked before... can't we just quit now, and you said it was too late...

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** You mean if I did absolutely NOTHING further, stuff would still happen to me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (F) Yes. If you decide to quit, soon there would be four guys in three piece suits at your door saying: "why have you stopped channeling?" (L) Great! One side wants me to quit, and the other side doesn't! Don't worry, they will come to your door, too, Frank! Now, getting back to my questions. Ark and I have inquired into the process of him divorcing here... It seems that the only thing we can do is this. What are the chances of his divorce coming through before he leaves?

**A:** Slim.

**Q:** Is there anything you could advise that would help the process so we could get married right away?

**A:** Proceed.

**Q:** You mean, as we are doing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What about the filing of action against her for the stolen funds? We don't think it is a good idea because there is something she could bring up against him...

{Clarification: Ark's ex-wife told him that if he started any legal action against her, she would broadcast the fact that he had been a member of the Communist party and had been debriefed by the security police on numerous occasions after his stays at various research facilities. She did not realize that this was a common occurrence for any scientist in Poland who traveled abroad. Also, this was not something that Ark was keeping secret.

In Poland, you didn't get a decent job if you were not a member of the Communist Party. After years of resisting, Ark had been advised by his Ph.D. supervisor to just join and give it lip-service like everyone else did. So, he did, and then, after his appointment as professor at the Uni, began to work as a dissident against the Communists. On one occasion, he was involved in a student protest for Solidarity where the Uni was occupied against the police. After this, he went abroad and when Poland was put under martial law due to Solidarity protests, he could not return because he was under threat of arrest. After the marshal law has been suspended and Ark was able to return to Poland, he resigned his membership in the party (as so many others had done and were doing).

However, after the fall of Communism in Poland, there was a lot of finger-pointing and jockeying for position with this person and that person accusing others of having been a "loyal communist" and thus, against Solidarity. The emotions were so high that just the accusation was enough to cause great difficulties for the individual and the facts did not seem to matter. This was a very real and dirty threat. So, even though Ark's ex had literally stolen everything that was supposed to have been divided equally (she emptied all the bank accounts and hid the money), all we were interested in was him getting the divorce finalized and leaving the country. At one point, his ex tried to pay a doctor to declare him mentally incompetent and drug him to prevent his leaving. The plan was uncovered, and he managed to avoid the trap.}

**A:** Smart move!!!

**Q:** What are the chances of her using this item against him anyway?

**A:** Would do so only if threatened criminally.

**Q:** Okay. That answers that. Well, all else seems to be proceeding. We are keeping our eyes open. I am almost done with all the tapes... {transcribing} I just want to know if there is ANY thing he could do, any maneuver, to get that court to act?

**A:** Not really.

{As it finally turned out, Ark got his divorce in Florida in 1998 and one month later, we married.}

**Q:** Well, if I have my way, once he comes... we don't ever want to be apart this way again...

**A:** Good.

**Q:** Anything else we ought to be doing about the job situation?

**A:** Not as of yet.

**Q:** Okay, I was reading something that related to mirrors. What was said was: "Negative existence is the silence behind the sound, the blank canvas beneath the painting, the darkness into which light shines. Emptiness is the stillness against which time moves. Negative existence enables a man to be what he is. It is the mirror of mirrors. Non-anticipation is non-interference, and allows the most perfect reflection of creation." I thought that this was a nice way to express it. Could you comment on that and how it applies to other things you have told us?

**A:** Build a psychomantium.

**Q:** We are going to. As soon as Ark gets here...

**A:** Answers re: divorce, career, et cetera, come through that medium, as they are personal and thought center reflective.

**Q:** So, maybe I will build it BEFORE he gets here...

**A:** Or, use the mirror, and Ark too.

**Q:** Ark could also use the mirror?

**A:** In a darkened room, mirror pointed away from your reflection, indirect light, preferably candle, meditate...

**Q:** Anything further? I can just do it in my room?

**A:** To start.

**Q:** How long will I have to meditate?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** Approximately? Day after day, or the first time?

**A:** Try it.

**Q:** Okay. Now, next question: I understand that Libra was added to the zodiac and broke Scorpio and Virgo apart. Were there originally 10 or 11 signs in the zodiac?

**A:** Originally?

**Q:** You know what I mean!

**A:** There have been many combinations.

**Q:** Well, when did the present 12 sign zodiac begin to be established as it is?

**A:** 1302 A.D.

**Q:** And how many signs were there before that?

**A:** 11

**Q:** That's what I thought. What is the source of the oldest zodiac available to us?

**A:** Atlantis.

**Q:** Well, fine, what is the oldest extant source in terms of writings?

**A:** Egypt.

**Q:** Well, that could really have an effect on one's astrology!

**A:** The art of astrology lies within the interpretations of the astrologer, and if accurate, it is because of psychic talents. Same as with all methods, they are merely mediums.

**Q:** Next question: is there any relationship between the fact that Roger de Mortimer, the carrier of the last of the line of the Welsh kings, was the lover of Isabella of France, who was the daughter of Philip the Fair, the destroyer of the Templars, and the murder of Edward II, the first of the English Prince of Wales?

**A:** Templars are a setup, insofar as persecution is concerned. Remember your "historical records" can be distorted, in order to throw off future inquiries, such as your own.

**Q:** I know that. I have already figured that one out! But, it seems that no one else has made this connection. I mean, the bloodlines that converge in the Percys and the Mortimers are incredible!

**A:** You should know that these bloodlines become parasitically infected, harassed and tinkered with whenever a quantum leap of awareness is imminent.

**Q:** Whenever a quantum leap...

**A:** Such as "now."

**Q:** Did Isabella and Mortimer have a child while they were in hiding in France?

**A:** No. Here is something for you to digest: Why is it that your scientists have overlooked the obvious when they insist that alien beings cannot travel to earth from a distant system???

**Q:** And what is this obvious thing?

**A:** Even if speed of light travel, or "faster," were not possible, and it is, of course, there is no reason why an alien race could not construct a space "ark," living for many generations on it. They could travel great distances through time and space, looking for a suitable world for conquest. Upon finding such, they could then install this ark in a distant orbit, build bases upon various solid planes in that solar system, and proceed to patiently manipulate the chosen civilizations to develop a suitable technological infrastructure. And then, after the instituting of a long, slow, and grand mind programming project, simply step in and take it over once the situation was suitable.

**Q:** Is this, in fact, what has happened, or is happening?

**A:** It could well be, and maybe now it is the time for you to learn about the details.

**Q:** Well, would such a race be 3rd or 4th density in orientation?

**A:** Why not elements of both?

**Q:** What is the most likely place that such a race would have originated from?

**A:** Oh, maybe Orion, for example?

**Q:** Okay. If such a race did, in fact, travel to this location in space/time, how many generations have come and gone on their space ark during this period of travel, assuming, of course, that such a thing has happened?

**A:** Maybe 12.

**Q:** Okay, that implies that they have rather extended life spans...

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** Assuming this to be the case, what are their lifespans?

**A:** 2,000 of your years.

**Q:** Okay, assuming such a bunch have traveled...

**A:** When in space, that is...

**Q:** And what is the span when on terra firma?

**A:** 800 years.

**Q:** Well, has it not occurred to them that staying in space might not be better?

**A:** No. Planets are much more "comfortable."

**Q:** Okay... imagining that such a group has traveled here...

**A:** We told you of upcoming conflicts... Maybe we meant the same as your Bible, and other references. Speak of... The "final" battle between "good and evil..." Sounds a bit cosmic, when you think of it, does it not?

**Q:** Does this mean that there is more than one group that has traveled here in their space arks?

**A:** Could well be another approaching, as well as "reinforcements" for either/or, as well as non-involved, but interested observers of various types who appreciate history from the sidelines.

**Q:** Well, SWELL! There goes my peaceful life!

**A:** You never had one!

**Q:** Well, I was planning on one! Is this one of those items we should NOT put on the net, or are you addressing it because you want it on the net?

**A:** We will leave that until a bit later.

**Q:** Any other comment?

**A:** You chose to be incarnated now, with some foreknowledge of what was to come. Reference your dreams of space attack.

**Q:** Okay, what racial types are we talking about relating to these hypothetical aliens?

**A:** Three basic constructs. Nordic, Reptilian, and Greys. Many variations of type 3, and 3 variations of type 1 and 2.

**Q:** Well, what racial types are the 'good guys?'

**A:** Nordics, in affiliation with 6th density "guides."

**Q:** And that's the only good guys?

**A:** That's all you need.

**Q:** Wonderful! So, if it is a Grey or Lizzie, you know they aren't the nice guys. But, if it is tall and blond, you need to ask questions!

**A:** All is subjective when it comes to nice and not nice. Some on 2nd density would think of you as "not nice," to say the least!!!

**Q:** That's for sure! Especially the roaches! Maybe we ought to get in touch with some of these good guys...

**A:** When the "time" is right.

**Q:** Speaking of time - any further comments?

**A:** Just pay attention to the signs, please! It is not helpful to place yourself in a vacuum of awareness.

**Q:** I don't think I am in a vacuum of awareness. Now, this Jason Dunlap is printing a lot of stuff that reminds me of the Hale Bopp incident. There is a lot being said about the sightings out in the South West area. They are saying that this is the 'new' imminent invasion or mass landing. Can you comment on this activity?

**A:** Prelude to the biggest "flap" ever.

**Q:** And where will this flap be located?

**A:** Earth.

**Q:** When is it going to begin?

**A:** Starting already.

**Q:** Is this biggest flap going to be just a flap, or is it going to be an invasion?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** Not an invasion?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, it will just be inciting people to frenzies of speculation...

**A:** Invasion happens when programming is complete...

**Q:** What programming?

**A:** See Bible, "Lucid" book, Matrix Material, "Bringers of the Dawn," and many other sources, then cross reference...

**Q:** Well, if something is fairly imminent, we are not gonna have time to do all the things you have suggested that we do!

**A:** Yes you will, most likely.

**Q:** Well, we are supposed to build a pool, a maze, a psychomantium, to build a database, get a Nobel Prize... a LOT of things in the works here.... This just sort of takes the heart right out of me!

**A:** Not so!

**Q:** Well, are we going to have time to do all these things?

**A:** All these things were suggested for this reason, among others.

**Q:** So, all the things you have suggested are to get us ready for this event?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, we better get moving! We don't have time to mess around!

**A:** You will proceed as needed, you cannot force these events or alter the Grand Destiny.

**Q:** I do NOT like the sound of that! I want to go home!

**A:** The alternative is less appetising.

**Q:** Sure! I don't want to be lunch!

**A:** Reincarnation on a 3rd density earth as a "cave person" amidst rubble and a glowing red sky, as the perpetual cold wind whistles...

**Q:** Why is the sky glowing red?

**A:** Contemplate.

**Q:** Of course! Comet dust! Sure, everybody knows THAT! Wonderful!!! Anything further?

**A:** Stay tuned for all pertinent information.

**Q:** Anything more about the web page?

**A:** It is yours to create... Good Night.

END OF SESSION

