## May 30, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Jozza.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have several questions: I have been corresponding with a woman on the web on the subject of Jesus. I noted in re-reading the transcripts on the subject that you had said he lived 'near' Palestine and that the Bible was not entirely accurate. Where, precisely, did this person who came to be known as Jesus live?

**A:** Aramaia.

**Q:** Where is that?

**A:** In what is now Lebanon.

**Q:** His name was Jesinavarah, as you said before. During his lifetime, did he have a large following?

**A:** Towards the end, and after.

**Q:** You said that he was not crucified, that he was taken up into a ship on a beam of light - at what age did this happen?

**A:** Age is not measured.

**Q:** At that time, according to our measurement, how many years did he spend on the earth plane before he was taken up in this beam of light?

**A:** 43.

**Q:** Okay, when he was taken up in this beam of light, where did this event occur?

**A:** The Sea of Galilee.

**Q:** On the shore?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** You said he had children by three Roman women and he also had a wife?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** Did he have a twin?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was Judas Iscariot his brother?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did he have a brother named Jude or Judas?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did he have brothers and sisters?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is any part of the nativity story true?

**A:** Slight.

**Q:** I have an idea relating to the ancient gods and heroes... they all had these massive amounts of hair, and it seemed that cutting off the hair caused them to lose their strength in some way. Was this totally symbolic, or was it actually believed that they had to grow their hair?

**A:** Symbolic.

**Q:** What was the hair symbolic of?

**A:** Virility.

**Q:** Okay, virility. What was the symbology where women were concerned such as in the story of Mary Magdalene washing Jesus' feet and drying it with her hair?

**A:** Act like a brush.

**Q:** What was the symbology of using a brush on the feet?

**A:** Cleansing.

**Q:** Why would the feet require cleansing in the symbolic stories? Why was this a symbolic act?

**A:** One's standing emanates from the ground upon which one stands.

**Q:** How does one's standing emanate from the ground upon which one stands and how does this relate to one's feet being dried with hair?

**A:** Energy arises from within planet. You would not want to corrupt that with filth on the soles, would you?

**Q:** How does anything on the soles of the feet corrupt energy? People have dirty feet all the time! Gosh, they must be completely corrupted. Unless this was a particular ritual activity in which it was extremely important to have clean feet.

**A:** Would dirt on your eyes corrupt your sight?

**Q:** Of course! But nobody ever thinks about dirt on the body as being something that corrupts your energy.

**A:** Nobody?

**Q:** Alright, in general. So, this was a purification of energy process...

**A:** Symbolic of same in depiction.

**Q:** What was the purpose for which this ritual act was being performed. She was washing his feet before the crucifixion, or some sort of symbolic cleansing was taking place, am I correct?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** This event that is described in the New Testament as the crucifixion was obviously a symbol for something else. You have told us that this was a symbolic story...

**A:** More like propaganda.

**Q:** So, the crucifixion was not symbolic of some other hidden meaning, or event?

**A:** See "Gods of Eden."

**Q:** You also said that Jesus was going to return, that he would emerge from this other density experience and come as a teacher. Is this because he is the number one teacher doing this work at the time?

**A:** More because the messenger most capable of delivering the message, because of expectations.

**Q:** And what message is he going to deliver?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** You mean that we, the three of us sitting here, will see him and hear this message at some point in this reality?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Would we have instant recognition?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Alright. This W\_\_\_ B\_\_\_ situation: is there any relationship between the Bill Brooks communication and the incident with the radiator in the van?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, we still haven't come up with any solution on this van business. (A) In fact, I checked all around and under the van for any device that might be magnetically attached to the van, and I could find nothing. I was almost sure that there would be something, some mechanical or electronic device, but I could not find anything. And I have no idea what that means, the magnetic sphere of the van. Is this something material which is to be found?

**A:** What caused car window to explode?

**Q:** You are saying it is me that does these things?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** So we are having more of the fun shattering-and-explosion events. And, it WAS an explosion, wasn't it? And I was awfully good at that for quite awhile. (A) But this is not a complete explanation because we were asking about this man who was helping, and apparently, from your answers, it was clear that there is something to be learned about this man, and that this incident, this explosion...

**A:** Many will be watching you.

**Q:** Well, since this guy was watching and came and helped, maybe that would indicate that he was a benevolent watching person?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, THAT makes me feel secure!

**A:** Security on 3rd density? You must be joking!!

**Q:** Well speaking of 'watched by many,' what about this W\_\_\_ B\_\_\_? He was already to come and he was gonna charge on down here and Ark started thinking he was manipulating and maneuvering a bit, and he did a few things that made me feel a little uncomfortable, and puzzled me because they didn't quite fit or sit well. So, as a result, we cancelled. But, I am divided in my thoughts about this. I'm sure you are aware of the long conversation we had about it earlier, so tell me about W\_\_\_ B\_\_\_'s sword dream.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was the dream made up to manipulate me particularly?

**A:** Not just you.

**Q:** Okay. What is the agenda behind the manipulation?

**A:** Control.

**Q:** Who is behind Bill B\_\_\_ that wishes to control? Is it Bill B\_\_\_ himself, or someone or some agency behind him?

**A:** Lessons are valuable to those who learn.

**Q:** Is it a human agency here behind Bill B\_\_\_ or is it 4th density. I would think it would have to be a 3rd density group otherwise why would they want all the transcripts? I would say it would have to be a 3rd density agency or his own personal agenda that he wants to plagiarize the transcripts...

**A:** Two good guesses.

**Q:** Okay. Tell me about this reverse speech that Ark and I were looking at on the internet today. Is this reverse speech an actual phenomenon as this fellow describes it?

**A:** Many can do this.

**Q:** Well, he says that when we are talking that we are also constantly saying things in reverse and that if we would tape our conversations and play the tapes in reverse that we would hear what we are saying in reverse from another part of the brain and that this is a normal part of all speech. A sort of mirror image speech. Is this, in fact, happening?

**A:** Maybe with some.

**Q:** But not with everyone? Is that it?

**A:** Not at all times.

**Q:** So, it is not altogether as he is saying. Ark wants to use the psychomantium. Are there any suggestions for him to follow that would be different from instructions for me? But, then I am not an example to follow because I haven't been having a whole heck of a lot of success!

**A:** Keep experimenting with an open mind... do not anticipate.

**Q:** Well, I am really trying to get rid of this anticipation business. (A) I want to know whether this light is important - whether there must be a light or whether it must be total darkness?

**A:** Must be some light.

**Q:** (A) Should something be seen in the mirror... (L) I asked whether I would see something in the mirror or in my mind's eye and they said both...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Yes, I didn't know whether it would be a holograph or something in my own head... any special technique for Ark to use? (A) Yes, because I think that I do everything different from other people. Must I just go into some kind of a trance state, or can I do it my way?

**A:** Yes, just keep up the experimentation. You will see...

**Q:** Is this program that Ark is working on going to be something that we can modify to analyze crop circles, to decode them, so to speak?

**A:** The upcoming adventure will answer that for you.

**Q:** What upcoming adventure? I don't like the sound of that!

**A:** Why?

**Q:** I don't know... when you say we are gonna have an adventure, sometimes its not my idea of an adventure!

**A:** And sometimes it is.

**Q:** When you say 'upcoming,' that sounds like something fairly imminent. You don't usually say something like that unless it is pretty soon...

**A:** Maybe.

[Loud sounds from children outside on porch coming in and out of house.]

**A:** There is much interfering energy tonight!! We are sorry, but we must go for tonight. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

