## April 11, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank, Alice

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Anamom.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I would like to ask about {Laura's son} friend Chris. Is there anything you can tell about his condition? {Laura's son's best friend was in an auto accident and had been in a coma and was just in the process of returning. The extent of brain damage was not yet known.}

**A:** Please to be more specific.

**Q:** Is there anything that could be done for him that isn't being done that could help him to improve more rapidly?

**A:** Sponges with nutrient compounds applied as salves.

**Q:** What nutrients did you have in mind?

**A:** Carrot juice and B-complex vitamins.

**Q:** Is he going to have full recovery continuing the way he is going at present?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** Okay...

**A:** Suggest you review predictions made in very early transcripts for remarkable correlations to current events. As we said then, it is the time frame which is impossible to pinpoint in any sort of prophecy.

**Q:** Do you mean the storms in Florida and Alabama and Georgia?

**A:** Tornadoes.

**Q:** Does this mean that there is also going to be tornadoes in Texas? Is there anything that this relates to in specific? Does it go with the Denver Airport business?

**A:** Just review and contemplate.

**Q:** What is the story behind the 64 year cycle that I recently stumbled across? What is this cycle?

**A:** Divide and multiply for micro and macro dynamic patternings.

**Q:** Ummm, in reading this funny book I just finished {I believe it was "Fingerprints of the Gods" by Graham Hancock}, I discovered that there is the tradition of the Ark of the Covenant being in Ethiopia. This guy did a bunch of research on it, and it seems possible that it is there, and that it may even be active. Is it, in fact, in the church of St. Mary of Zion in Ethiopia?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Where is it?

**A:** If we were to reveal this to you, it would be akin to giving a hand grenade to a baby!!

**Q:** Well, I just thought I would ask! What I found out was that this wonderful Hakluyt Society that chronicled the funny business in the Canary Islands {which I had read previously, and which claimed that the Ark of the covenant was there} also kept track of the goings on in Ethiopia. One of the things they told about was the carrying of the Ark in procession by red or blond headed guys. And there was the Croix Patte of the Templars on a number of objects in Ethiopia. The Rose Croix. Did we have Templars there, or what was going on? Was the Ark there and was it then taken somewhere else?

**A:** The Ark of the Covenant is not what you think it is.

**Q:** You guys said that it was a power cell. I don't have some sort of romantic idea of it. I can accept that. But there are all these stories about it and a lot of people have mythologized it. What do you mean by saying such a thing. What is the Ark?

**A:** See Oak Island.

{Trans-dimensional Atomic Remolecularizer?}

**Q:** It seems that the Templars were in charge of building the Cathedral at Chartres, and there is a tableaux on one of the porches of Melchizedek and the Queen of Sheba. Equidistant between them is the Ark of the Covenant in a cart. Melchizedek is holding a cup that is supposed to be the Holy Grail. Inside this cup is a cylindrical object of stone. What is this?

**A:** Greater sight.

**Q:** What?! (A) Is it a symbol or a device?

**A:** Why cannot it be both?

**Q:** (A) It can be both, but is it both?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) So, it is a device for greater sight like a crystal ball, yes?

**A:** Only when utilized exactly precisely.

**Q:** How do you execute something with this device?

**A:** Why should one wish to "execute" someone with this device?

**Q:** We don't understand...

**A:** Laura did say "execute."

**Q:** You were using the phraseology of my question to give a clue, I suppose... Okay, in 1306 a mission from the Ethiopian King went to visit Pope Clement V. Exactly one year later the Templars were arrested. What did the Pope and the Ethiopian king and all the others talk about at that meeting?

**A:** Whether or not orders were being realized. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

