## February 28, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Winyonna.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Alright, now, just to settle our little dispute: was the video about the abduction in Lake County, Minnesota, true? {The MacPherson video.)

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was it based on a factual case?

**A:** No.

{I don't know about this response. I was pretty impressed with the film!}

**Q:** Okay, then let's forget the whole thing! Now, we have been having sort of exciting events in the last week. Do you have any comments... um, As it has turned out, predictions made over the last year or two years have been really piling up thick and fast after the turn of the year. We have been having the attack from Poland, you know, the tentacles, and we have made some response to the situation. Can you tell us if this response is going to bring any negative ramifications in our direction?

{Ark's ex-wife began defaming us to his old colleagues and this defamation began to spread. She accused him of being a member of a Scientology-like cult. CoS has a very bad reputation as a dangerous cult in Europe. This was our first experience with this sort of thing and it is interesting to note that it was actually started by a vindictive ex-wife. What we did was simply to tell the story of what actually happened, what this woman actually was like and did, to everyone who was interested.}

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** What could they be?

**A:** Severing of ties.

**Q:** What kind of severing of ties?

**A:** Poland.

**Q:** Ties to Poland? Well, we have always understood that this is a possibility. However, there is also... (A) The last time the advice was that we should add some heat, and this is what happened, and we would like to know if what we did was correct. I believe we did not make any mistakes.

**A:** Just because ties may be severed does not mean that mistakes have been made.

**Q:** Well, just adding a little bit of heat started the whole thing... I mean, Ark sent that rather normal letter to {a former colleague at the University of Wroclaw} and he printed it and gave it to her and she retaliated with what she did, and we responded to that... it was just from a LITTLE bit of heat! I am curious: {one of Ark's friends at the Uni} said she was running down the corridor and I am curious as to why she was running?

**A:** Under pressure in general, due to circumstances.

**Q:** What was the reaction to my e-mails?

{I wrote her an email and told her plainly that she had just shot herself in the foot as far as any spousal support was concerned; that she should give up any idea of getting a single dime out of either of us forever.}

**A:** Does not completely comprehend linguistic peculiarities.

**Q:** But, is the general gist of what I said understood?

**A:** Close. Letters not properly translated.

**Q:** Maybe we had better re-translate and re-send? Should we?

**A:** Suggestion is avoid local colloquialisms and slang in written communiques, as these do not maintain their meanings when converted from one language to another!

**Q:** Okay, we will avoid using slang. (A) But there will be no chances to use these devices because, as far as I understand, the conversation is over. (L) Now, about the cataclysmic eruption of Mt. Anna... since these other things, one by one, have been happening, though not necessarily within what we would consider a reasonable time frame...

**A:** Wait and see!!! And remember: time does not exist.

**Q:** Well, I just want to know what suddenly got ahold of this guy {Ark's former colleague at the Uni} to get rid of the Cassiopaeans from the web pages. I know what I think, but I would like to know why? Was he manipulated to do this or did it originate inside him?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** You know.

**Q:** What Ark said: jealousy and so forth. What is going to be the reaction when they discover that all of Ark's pages are gone?

{This former colleague was appointed to a director position and demanded that Ark remove any mention of me or the Cs from Ark's personal, Uni website. So, Ark simply put up a notice that he was being censored and removed ALL his pages from the Uni server.}

**A:** Befuddlement.

**Q:** Are they really that dumb?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (A) Last time I was asking about the content of the web pages, and I was told that up to now, it was okay. I have added some material, and, because everything is sensitive, I want to be sure, again, that I have not made a mistake up to this point. Any advice or warning, please?

**A:** You have not made a mistake up to this point. Keep going, as your frequency is especially conducive to discovery at present.

**Q:** So, the act of thinking and writing is a form of discovery, or can lead to discovery. (A) I want to ask about this criminal prosecution business, which I think we should keep as a last...

**A:** Beware: danger can result from this.

**Q:** Are you saying that danger can result from starting the criminal prosecution against her, because of something she can or would do?

**A:** Because of potential events in general.

**Q:** Can you give me an example of what you mean by danger in this sense? I mean, she stole this money, and the one thing he has NOT done to get her off her butt and give him a divorce, is start this criminal prosecution. He has threatened it, but she doesn't...

**A:** Once started, uncontrollable.

**Q:** Well, we know that. (A) But the point is that then: the courts start to look into everything... sources of money... and they dig and dig...

**A:** Yes. Look before you leap.

**Q:** Well, if we wait until after the divorce, after we are married, after he has citizenship, what about then?

**A:** Same.

**Q:** In other words, this is something that we just simply do not want to do. We can threaten and...

**A:** Not what we said.

**Q:** You didn't say not to do it?

**A:** We do not lead "by the hand."

**Q:** (A) We can do it, but it is a danger. (L) I'm just dying with curiosity about what is going on over there and what is gonna happen next... and what about poor P\*\*\* {Ark's former student taken in by the manipulations of Ark's ex-wife} ... I feel sorry for him. He was just being used...

**A:** P\*\*\* will be alright.

**Q:** (A) Poor M\*\*\* {Ark's colleague and friend} is afraid that she will throw acid in his face! Ask if we should do something about this {building contractor}... (L) I have an appointment with an attorney... and with the divorce attorney... and we have the form for the VISA... (A) I want to ask about this job situation because, at present, the situation is unstable and there is a chance that I will get no teaching and that would be very bad. Am I doing everything I can in Gainesville, or should I be more energetic. Am I making any mistakes there?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I want to know something about this weird weather. There have been a LOT of sightings in Gulf Breeze and falling fireballs out in Colorado, strange weather, but, to open the door to this, is there anymore to be said about the increased UFO activity and the weather and all the other things going on at present?

**A:** Review early transcripts and predictions, leaving aside "time" frames.

**Q:** One of the earlier sessions made the statement 'space invasion in 4 to 6 years.' That was said in 1994, which is 4 years ago. What is the deal on the space invasion situation?

**A:** Lessons are to be learned by observation closely.

**Q:** So, you are not going to give us any more on this idea of the space invasion?

**A:** See last answer, then wait and see.

**Q:** Well, I just keep wondering: are we supposed to be DOING something?

**A:** What you are doing... Carefully re-read transcripts in regard to questions about special efforts and whether they should be undertaken or not.

**Q:** Well, if you try to force things, you just mess it all up. You are supposed to be patient and let things fall into place...

**A:** Close

**Q:** Well, we are getting close to getting the house ready so we can have our psychomantium in the other room. Hopefully we won't be invaded and wiped out before that happens.

**A:** Major dramatic change comes with addition of psychomantium.

**Q:** Well, okay, we are pushing for it. I gotta REALLY get this house finished!

**A:** Will be finished smoothly now... and on that note, Good Night.

END OF SESSION

