## July 18, 1998
Frank, Terry, Jan, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Donillo.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Now, frivolous question number one: Do you guys like Pink Floyd?

**A:** "Like" is a bit off base.

**Q:** (L) What would be more 'on base?'

**A:** Absorb.

**Q:** (L) Do you absorb Pink Floyd?

**A:** We are Pink Floyd, and all other facets of your higher consciousness.

**Q:** (L) Well, cool! I would like to know if you could comment on what we were discussing earlier, the purported idea of mans' destruction of the planet. This is, of course, a disturbing aspect of mankind, but I wonder if mankind is as guilty as he is made to feel?

**A:** Mankind, so called, is one element of creation.

**Q:** (L) When you say 'one element of creation' in relation to the question about man's destruction of the planet, are you saying that this so-called destruction can, in a sense, be considered to be creative?

**A:** The "destruction" is merely one segment of all that exists in a long wave cycle.

**Q:** (T) Basically, man is doing what he is supposed to be doing, whether we know it or not. One thought is, regarding crop circles, is it that even hoaxed crop circles are what they are supposed to be. I mean, do little balls of light do it, or does the Universe get Doug and Dave to go out there and do it? It's still a crop circle, it's still there for some reason. (L) Now, one question that we were discussing earlier is: how can the close approach of the companion star cause an increase in the Sun's gravity when there is no reason why it should change anything since gravity is a function of mass?

**A:** But do you rally know all there is to know about gravity?

**Q:** (A) No, we don't know. But, does this mean that this will be an effect that does not follow from the theory of gravity that we know already?

**A:** Gravity is the life force that binds all realities as one.

**Q:** (L) What are the mechanics of the increase in the Sun's gravity? What is going to cause this?

**A:** In order to understand this, you would need a reworking of the theorem.

**Q:** (L) Can you help us in this reworking of the theorem?

**A:** Waves.

**Q:** (A) What I want to ask is: we have Einstein's theory of gravity, and the question is whether the effect of increasing the Sun's gravity is something that goes beyond Einstein's equations or not?

**A:** You must see the wave.

**Q:** (A) What wave, a gravitational wave, or an electromagnetic wave, or some other wave? What wave?

**A:** Arkadiusz, how do these intersect?

**Q:** (A) Gravity and electromagnetic?

**A:** Yes. And others.

**Q:** (A) How they are described within a theory, or how they intersect in space when they come together?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (A) Okay, why does this increase in the Sun's gravity have anything to do with electromagnetism? We were told that the Brown star will not radiate any radiation, so, in particular, no electromagnetic radiation. So, where does electromagnetics come in? I do not understand...

**A:** Gravitational pull incites electromagnetic impulse.

**Q:** (A) Okay, that means we go beyond gravitational theory, and this is part of Unified Field Theory?

**A:** Yes, exactly!! The complete UFT was withheld from you!

**Q:** (L) I think they mean humanity in general...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So, the complete UFT is known to someone here on the planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) And they are not making it available...

**A:** Oh no, because "The Truth Will Set You Free!"

**Q:** (J) From gravity!

**A:** You may access hyperspatial truths with UFT.

**Q:** (A) Is it a good time for me to know more on that, to work on that? Can you give me a pointer so that I can discover it for myself?

**A:** Back up to where you were in "69."

**Q:** (T) You must have been looking into something in 1969... you were a young'n then and didn't know you had stumbled onto something. (A) I was reading books by Lichnerowicz on UFT...

**A:** Yes. Check the notes.

**Q:** (L) Well, we have a REAL problem with these notes and papers and things because of the fact that the bags that they were packed in have disappeared!

**A:** Gee, we wonder why?!?

**Q:** (L) If we make a stink about these bags, will we get them back?

**A:** No. Wait to see if they arrive.

**Q:** (L) We have been waiting a year! Well, there was a lot of stuff for them to go through... we'll have to wait awhile!

**A:** Even without notes, the lonely young man walks down the concrete walk with the clumsily arranged light poles, contemplating the truth, the REAL truth. You were in an alpha state, a crossroads, wondering "where do I go from here?" "And why are all these things being pushed onto me?" Go back to then, Arkady. You know you are really a "Russian" at heart!

**Q:** (A) Well, we started with the increased mass of the Sun, and we came to UFT which is hidden from us because it would make us free; there is this tendency in me to follow this road because it is science and would open a new road. The question is whether such activity or knowing such things will lead to other densities? Is it just for satisfaction, or is there real value in knowing more in this direction?

**A:** Well, the Unified Field Theory unlocks the door completely to the higher densities.

**Q:** (T) But there are parts of this that have yet to be discovered by the general research books because it is being kept secret?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Has science acknowledged that gravity is a wave, as something that can be measured, quantitative?

**A:** Controversy.

**Q:** (L) What gravity is and what it is not is a controversy. (T) But if gravity is part of the UFT, and somebody knows what it is... (L) They are building HAARP. (T) I think there is more to it than this HAARP. UFT is a major step...

**A:** Grids.

**Q:** (L) What kind of grids... (T) They keep jumping off... wait a minute...

**A:** We are not "jumping off."

**Q:** (L) What kind of grids?

**A:** The planet has been enshrouded with EM grid.

**Q:** (T) Are these the ley lines?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are they artificially generated?

**A:** Contoured.

**Q:** (L) They are artificially contoured. What is the result of this shrouding?

**A:** Manipulated for use by 3rd/4th Consortium.

**Q:** (A) What kind of EM grid? (L) The natural EM grid is being contoured...

**A:** Like a gently waving geometric "blanket."

**Q:** (T) Is it on the surface of the planet, through the planet, or where?

**A:** Above.

**Q:** (J) Do microwave towers factor into this?

**A:** Indirectly discovered by same principal. \[person?\]

**Q:** (A) Who is this principal? A name? (T) The gravity waves, whether they exist or not, are a controversy, yet they are part of the UFT, and someone already knows how it works. Therefore, it is only controversy to those who don't know what the answer is, and it is not a controversy to those who know. They know what it is and how to measure it and how to use it.

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (T) So, it is only a controversy that is allowed to be. (L) Or created. (A) Some power is used to sustain this grid. What is it?

**A:** Land and space based generators.

**Q:** (T) What can it be used for?

**A:** Multiple uses.

**Q:** (L) Well, what are the top three, for example?

**A:** No "top three."

**Q:** (T) Just an example, give us an idea? How does this affect us?

**A:** Broaden concept.

**Q:** (T) Can this grid be used by other objects as a power source? (J) Can it be tapped into?

**A:** Net.

**Q:** (L) It is a net that traps things?

**A:** Broaden.

**Q:** (L) It is a net that...

**A:** Calculates...

**Q:** (J) Internet? (T) Is it like a big fence to keep us in?

**A:** You are dancing on the 3rd density ballroom floor. "Alice likes to go through the looking glass" at the Crystal Palace. Atlantean reincarnation surge brings on the urge to have a repeat performance.

**Q:** (T) The Atlanteans who have reincarnated are getting ready to do the same thing they did before with the crystals. So, this is an Atlantean type thing that is being done now? Different equipment, but the same type of thing?

**A:** All lessons must be learned before you can move onto bigger and better things.

**Q:** (L) Is that a general statement about the Atlanteans repeating the lessons, or that once we learn this lesson, we can move onto bigger and better things in counteracting this grid?

**A:** All that is present and future too.

**Q:** (T) Well, maybe it is a defensive shield that has been put up to protect us since we have monkeyed with the ozone so much...

**A:** No. Better to contemplate and meditate. No linear thinking please, you know better.

**Q:** (J) I think they just slapped your hand. (A) I want to ask if there is something that we can and should do about this grid for ourselves?

**A:** Why? To know was all you need.

**Q:** (A) Well, it was said that this was for the purpose of control and manipulation. So, knowing is all that we need. Or, we could try to shield... (L) But, to know IS the shield. I don't know how that works, but it seems to be so.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Now, how did we come to this grid from UFT?

**A:** Grid construction represents application of...

**Q:** (L) Somehow we went from the increased gravity of the Sun, to UFT, to the grid...

**A:** UFT explains the "increased" gravity of Sol. But, is there not something in UFT about increase/decrease???

**Q:** (A) There is no reason for it to increase or decrease... but this is Einstein's theory which we were told is incorrect... (L) Well, maybe it is speed? When two things are rotating in tandem, when they come together, wouldn't it increase their speed, and doesn't speed increase gravity? (A) No, we were told that there is some interaction between gravity and EM wave, and this is what UFT is about... If we use other dimensions which we are supposed to use in this UFT, going with Kaluza-Klein, then the very concept of mass is something which is not so clear, and mass can be variable...

**A:** Yes, variability of physicality.

**Q:** (T) Fourth density. (A) We were told earlier that this UFT opens the door to other densities...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) And, some time ago Santilli was here and he had his own idea about UFT; gravity and anti-gravity, and he was told that he had a good idea of UFT, but that he only has one seventh of the equation. I don't understand why UFT has to go to other densities? Does it follow, or is it necessary once we have UFT, that the other densities will become clear in that they are necessary? How is it?

**A:** Fragmented inquiry.

**Q:** (A) Can we have a UFT which unifies EM and gravity and does not include the concept of other densities. In other words, can we put in a textbook all about the gravity and electromagnetics, and a student could learn all of this and still know nothing about other densities?

**A:** No. Other densities become apparent when...

**Q:** (A) So, it means that Einstein and Von Neumann knew about these other densities?

**A:** Yes, oh yes!!!

**Q:** (T) Just a thought: having UFT and being able to manipulate different fields within it, creates different effects. So, as we understand it in the apparent present state of science, we have to spin something in space in order to create gravity. But, with the UFT, one small offshoot is that one could create real gravity without spinning anything. So, the problem of weightlessness is really already solved...

**A:** Elementary my dear Terry, elementary.

**Q:** (T) So, this whole thing with the space station and all the trouble they are having readapting to gravity when they come back, is all a game...

**A:** When you "let the cat out of the bag," you create an entire feline "nation."

**Q:** (T) So, we are capable of "Star Trek" right now?

**A:** In a sense, but there is so much more than that.

**Q:** (T) Of course. Most people would say that 'cutting edge' science is 25 years ahead of what we see, and I say it is more like a hundred years, and I am even off? Cutting edge science on this planet is more like 3 or 4 hundred years ahead?

**A:** More like 30 to 40,000 years "ahead!"

**Q:** (L) Is that because of 4th density influence and information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) 30 to 40 thousand years? Let me get that number right...

**A:** Yes, at least.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we want to ask about this Donestra named in the Imbrogno book?

**A:** Symbolic moniker. So is Solarion.

**Q:** (L) What is the source of this contact with this guy Dean Fagerstrom?

**A:** Source is partially 5th density, partially 4th density.

**Q:** (L) Is he really channeling Franz Liszt?

**A:** No. Mental imprint from hyperspace.

**Q:** (L) What was this device that came into his room that floated in front of his face and made the sound?

**A:** 4th density imprinting device.

**Q:** (L) What was it imprinting?

**A:** Knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Well, I would like to play Franz Liszt! Why haven't we had something like this?

**A:** You do not get to choose the nature of interaction with 4th density STS! Unless of course hamsters, chirpy little birds in cages and sweet, sad, dependent doggie "friends" get to choose the nature of their interactions with you!

**Q:** (L) So, you are comparing Mr. Dean Fagerstrom to a hamster, a bird, or a doggie?

**A:** Why not? It is the same thing.

**Q:** (L) And, he seems to be very obedient! (T) So, they are just jerking him and other people around through him.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Give the doggies a biscuit! (T) So, where is my holodeck?

**A:** Ask for a holodeck and you might get an electrostatic brain splicer job instead.

**Q:** (L) Maybe that is what a holodeck is? Is that a clue?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, I tried. Okay, another thing that Imbrogno noted was that they graphed the UFO sightings in this area, and what they found was that they occurred in these places over and over again. So, the guy goes out and investigates the sites and found, more often than not, these standing stones or stone chambers that have been connected to the ancient Celts. Now, this relates to my work with tracking the bloodlines in a way. The remark was made that dancing could charge the stones. But, some of these chambers are sometimes so small. My idea is that they are doorways.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** (L) Well, there was a considerable series of sightings of these black boomerang type craft. Are these stones markers of doorways between densities?

**A:** Windows.

**Q:** (L) Do these windows open and close arbitrarily?

**A:** Electrical storm.

**Q:** (L) Can they be opened and closed by deliberate, engineered factors?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the connection between the Celts and these flying black boomerangs?

**A:** None.

**Q:** (L) Then why is it that the Celts seem to have been the ones who erected these stones, and the stones and chambers seem to be connected with the black boomerangs?

**A:** If you build a house, then someone comes along and installs a 220 volt plug in it, what connection do you have with the clothes dryer?

**Q:** (T) Two different things. You build a house, somebody comes along and installs an improvement and uses it in another way.

**A:** Crystals make density and dimensional windows open from "time to time" thus making the oblivious quite obvious.

**Q:** (L) Are the craft always there and the crystalline structure of the stone causes the windows to open and make them visible?

**A:** If certain factors mitigate...

**Q:** (L) Okay, I want to ask about Dan Winter. His writing is so illiterate that it is incomprehensible how he can manage. (A) He gives lectures on 'sacred geometry.' (L) Is it going to be useful to meet with this guy?

**A:** All lessons are useful.

**Q:** (L) I don't like the sound of that!

**A:** Okay, now good night.

END OF SESSION
