## March 21, 1998
Frank, Alice, Ark, Laura.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Wonnon.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have a couple of my own questions that I want to ask real quickly: I have this situation going on with this contractor and the attorney has sent a demand letter. Meanwhile, I received a letter from the roofing materials company attorney threatening to foreclose on my house for 1,000 dollars.{The contractor bought the materials in my name and did not pay the bill. It was a shock, for sure!} Of the things that I have thought of doing, I want this guy to pay my money back - what are my chances?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** I can take the guy to pieces with publicity, writing letters, going to the state attorney, but I don't want to put that kind of energy into it just to take somebody to pieces. I would like to put just enough energy into it to get my money back.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** So, of the several courses of action open to me, which one has the highest probability of getting me a return of my money?

**A:** We do not direct your actions thusly. If we did, you would not learn!

**Q:** Alright, forget it then. I guess I have to give energy to it in some way. I was hoping it would resolve itself, but it seems that now I have to put more energy into defending my position.

**A:** Defense does not require so much energy if the defender perceives their stance as justified.

**Q:** Yes, I am justified. But now I have to pay more money to an attorney, I have to spend more time writing letters, I have to spend more time and energy and money, because they have put me in a position where I have to defend myself because of these letters threatening to foreclose on my house. And all for a thousand dollars worth of shingles that have already been paid for. {I had paid the money to the contractor.}

**A:** Truly stated, but what is your inquiry?

**Q:** I want to figure the exact maneuver to make this guy pay for the shingles...

**A:** You possess the power to do this already.

**Q:** Which way best to use it: a) through an attorney suing him, b) through publicity, c) through trying to deal with him directly or indirectly on a personal basis without involving publicity or an attorney, threatening to do so or not threatening to do so?

**A:** The dilemma you describe is not so nebulous as you claim.

**Q:** Okay. I am not claiming it to be nebulous. I just want to be economical with my energy. I don't want to spend time and money on a lawsuit when publicity might be better, and I don't want to spend time and money on either of them if I can put pressure on the guy directly and have that be more effective. If I use the lawsuit...

**A:** Then have you not answered your question?

**Q:** My question was: what were the probabilities of this being effective.

**A:** And what was our original answer?

**Q:** That you do not lead by the hand, that if you do, I do not learn. Fine and dandy! This is not one of those. This is a tactical question. I want to plan tactics.

**A:** If we spell out "probabilities," your tactical planning will be skewed accordingly, and you will not learn skills that will be vital to you in the future.

**Q:** Thanks a lot! I don't want to talk to you anymore! (A) I've got a question...

**A:** Surely you did not expect us to say: "Laura, my dear, you can effectively crush those bastards if you follow the following steps..."

**Q:** Well, actually, yes, something along that line would have been very useful! Yes! What comes after the three dots? Step one, two and three! I want them to at least pay for my shingles! If nothing else, that! Alright, forget it! I will handle it myself. Sorry I even brought it up! Why do I bother?! (AK) I have read that you say that I am in a learning process, and that I am still scrambled, but that it is getting better, is that right? (L) Did they say that? (AK) That's what I understand. {Reads section of transcript} Okay, they were saying that your question was scrambled and you asked me to fix it and I said that you have to do it, that's part of the learning process. You said: 'how is it scrambled?' How was your question scrambled. Then, 'were all the mistakes I have made in this life part of a plan?' and they said 'no, mistakes are made by choice, plan is the blueprint.' So, she had a blueprint, the mistakes were made by choice because she made the wrong choices?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Then, you have to deal with specific mistakes. So, I don't know what you are talking about. (AK) Well, they have told me that my emotions are all scrambled and everything else was scrambled. (L) You are mixing metaphors and you can't do that. (AK) You have said: 'just follow the signs.' My question about this...

**A:** One does not follow the signs until one sees them... One does not see the signs until one looks for them.

**Q:** (AK) I'm pretty well scrambled right now, but my question is: am I making progress?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (AK) What I am seeing now is maybe some signs. I want to know about this apartment I saw... if I take it, will there be money enough for me to pay, or should I back off?

**A:** Alice, these questions are very simply answered by following your instincts and the lessons already learned upon the "road well travelled."

**Q:** Every time you have moved you have only been running away from yourself. Every time you have done it, you have been unhappy for one reason or another and have hit the wall. That is the road well travelled in your case. You would rather go somewhere else than change. It has always been that way. The very thing you said about Jack, that he would not change anything about himself for anyone is true of you more particularly. (AK) Is what Laura says right?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** It is a road well travelled, and you know the destination... (AK) Okay. Anything else?

**A:** One wonders if you have explored the motivations behind the desire to move, and more importantly, the benefits supposedly derived thereof.

**Q:** (AK) Well, I guess that is all they have to say on that. (L) I have a question: what happened to Ark's bags? The bags in the mail? {Ark shipped 11 bags of books and papers from Poland to the U.S. Only two of them ever arrived.}

**A:** Swiped.

**Q:** By whom? You mean we will never get them? All his stuff?

**A:** Try subordinate.

**Q:** Well, they got mailed. So, somebody in the post office. Was it in the Polish post office or American?

**A:** Which seems most likely to you?

**Q:** Well, we hardly ever lose any mail in America. It is so rare as to be almost unheard of.

**A:** In Poland, there is fragmented discipline, and the desperate quest by some for quick financial satisfaction.

**Q:** So, I guess we can give up waiting for the bags. What about my earring. I have been so sick... where did I lose the earring?

**A:** Will show up in crevice during decor rearrangement.

**Q:** Well, we went to all kinds of places that day... it could be at any one of them...

**A:** Or house or van.

**Q:** Well, we will see. I am just sick about it. Now, I have tried the psychomantium. So far, no luck. I don't think it is gonna work.

**A:** Head must be clear, has not been so far.

**Q:** Well, how can my head be clear when you won't give me the answers about how to take care of this contractor guy and all the other things going on so that I can clear my head?! I have all these worries! I know! I'm just joking!

**A:** Good!

**Q:** (A) In my opinion, this mirror is too narrow, it is not the right shape and it will not work even if the head is clear... (L) I LOVE this mirror! (A) I know that you like this mirror...

**A:** Mirror is fine.

**Q:** (L) SEE?! (A) So, the problem is in the head! Too wide a head?! You must narrow the head! (L) Ark has been working on his pages, I can't work on that now because the computer has been in the shop. I would like to ask you guys, and all other guys in sixth, fifth, and fourth density, to please protect my computer while it is in the shop! All it needs is a modem! Control their minds, sing angelic music, just PLEASE don't let them destroy my files!

**A:** Destruction does not occur if correct place is chosen.

**Q:** Well, it is going back to the factory - it is under warranty. So, maybe it will be okay. (A) Yes, you will get it back and the modem will not be repaired! (L) It better be! (A) I want to ask if there is something I should do... am I correct that NASA was looking into my application, my pages?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Can I have some... {laughter}

**A:** Careful...

**Q:** (A) Okay, I have to be careful... we are going to Orlando and I am going to have the seminar and I think I know what to say, but still, before, I want to have some advice concerning something that is perhaps not coming to my mind that may prove to be important. Is there anything? Am I missing something? Have I not given enough attention to some point that may have consequences?

**A:** Be assertive as if on a treasure hunt...

**Q:** (A) On a treasure hunt? One is not supposed to be assertive?! (L) I don't know... (A) I am on a treasure hunt, yes... and I am supposed to be assertive? To find a treasure, I must be assertive because these guys like assertive people, and assertive people in America are the ones who have chances, yes?

**A:** You are good at discovery.

**Q:** (A) What discovery? (L) I guess at figuring out what the answers mean...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Okay, now let me ask about this Andy Graham business, because this guy was so... his reaction to my HoneyBee's piece on reincarnation was so unbelievable, that I suspect there is something... is he a military... is this just something to forget, or is there something there really unusual and we are on dangerous ground. Why did this guy react so unusually?

**A:** Why did he react?

**Q:** That's what we are asking you!

{There is a note at the end that the tape was turned off and nothing further on this session. I'll be digging through the boxes of session notes to see if anything was written down and will amend this session when I find it.}

