## April 18, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us?

**A:** Kionna.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (A) I was exchanging e-mail with a Spanish guy, and this Spanish guy was a funny guy, he was very interested in this Cassiopaean business. But, he wanted to have a proof of some kind. I was trying to explain to him that it was impossible to have proof. So, I was asking myself why I cannot ask even a simple mathematical question. I am sure I would not get an answer, and I would like to know why?

**A:** Because, as you know, mathematics is a concrete field of study, as opposed to an abstract one. Oh yes, there is theoretical mathematics, and some types of mathematics involve variable interpretation. But... in general terms, we are speaking of a scientific field which connects concepts in order to uncover truths. Therefore, to employ mathematical communication in this conduit would likely rob one of the free will initiative in respect to learning.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand. For instance, if I ask for the square root of seven, why can't you answer. Don't you know or don't you want to tell me?

**A:** Do you know it?

**Q:** (A) I don't know it right off hand, but I can compute it in two minutes. Then I will know it.

**A:** Then there is no need to tell you, is there?

**Q:** (A) There is no need to tell me, but that is the idea. Okay, I want to ask about jobs. First of all, I am trying all possible options...

**A:** We wish to reiterate something further on this subject Arkadiusz, and for anyone else in need of the following message: we are not communicating with you in order to "prove" our existence. If one has faith and is willing to learn, to explore new realms and to discover what will one "day" be commonplace awareness profile, then no "proof" is necessary. If, on the other hand, one is of the opposite psychic orientation, then no amount of proof is adequate.

**Q:** (A) Yes, I think it is like the story of the crocodile skin where you can make wishes, and with every wish it becomes smaller. And, you are told that when it becomes too small, then you die. And, of course, you try, and say 'let me do one more wish...' and that is it. Once you make the choice to ask and not do the work, then it becomes easier and easier and you want more and more... and your own will and force becomes smaller and smaller...

(L) I think that the most important thing that has come out of this channeling is that sometimes the C's sort of trick me into trying something and they pique my curiosity and I go out and DO something that results in a learning experience that is truly awesome. And the important thing is, getting out and doing the work actually makes you stronger. And, like you just said, each time you make the choice to NOT go after the answer yourself, to try and get it the easy way, it makes you weaker and lessens who you are. It is sort of a nonlinear principle that can lead to all kinds of things.

(A) Anyhow, apart from asking the questions that I CAN answer, there is this question of whether they are able, at all, to answer mathematical questions? Why are they not able to use mathematical language... I did not get it.

(L) Well, if they gave us the math that told us these conceptual truths, we would have lost something HUGE in the way of strength and free will. Like those sources that supposedly gave the secrets of the bomb... and other sources that just give and give all sorts of things and you can clearly see the deterioration of those involved...

(F) Yes, and the crucial point is the robbing of free will INITIATIVE.

(L) So, it is a VERY SUBTLE thing.

(A) Yes, I understand that if they give a precise answer, then you are given the answer and have not connected the concepts that bring the math together. But, now there is the question of a job. I am a little bit confused. First of all, should I keep contacting... (L) Are we gonna starve to death?

**A:** The answer is: no.

**Q:** (A) Should I keep contacting this Army and Navy bunch? I am not sure. Can you help me?

**A:** Ask a specific question, please.

**Q:** (A) I am asking specific question. I don't know, because I don't have any experience, what does involve in applying for and getting a grant from the Army or Navy? Should I do it, continue, or forget it?

**A:** What do your instincts tell you?

**Q:** (A) Instinct tells me that I should try all possible opportunities in order that we should not starve to death, and also that one should be careful in selling oneself.

**A:** Well Arkadiusz, a loan shark is one of those "all possible opportunities."

**Q:** (A) Well, I don't want to have my legs broken... But I could...

**A:** Do you know the risks that may lurk behind the cloak of the military? One possible source of funding could include the Rockefeller Foundation. But, of course, there are ulterior motives there.

**Q:** (A) Well, there are a couple of possibilities that I will be finding out more about in the next week, but as for a permanent job, which is what I am looking for... well, I don't know...

**A:** You are on the right path, just be patient. But remember, a permanent job may yet develop!

**Q:** We are just a little concerned because time is getting a little short, here!

**A:** And "time" has gotten short before, has it not?

**Q:** (A) Yes. (L) I want you to tell me why I am dying of the heat in here!

**A:** Because you are highly fatigued and your biorythms are at a triple low.

**Q:** Are we going to have any problems getting the divorce here in Florida?

**A:** Much less.

**Q:** That tells me that there are going to be some problems. Anything that we should take care of in advance?

**A:** You are doing well.

**Q:** Are you done with your job questions? (A) Yes, they don't want to answer so there is no point in asking. (L) I was reading some blurbs about Jesus on a mailing list. There are a lot of different ideas flying around. I realize that, in an earlier session, we asked about Jesus and you gave us a particular set of answers. I also know that you gave us a 'noise to signal' ratio about the accuracy of the information and how this relates to free will, and the problems of interference from various persons who are present have all been addressed. So, all things being considered, when we originally asked the questions about Jesus, I had the feeling that there was a lot of emotion weighing on those answers. Is that correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Were the answers and information given about Jesus accurate?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** So, you are saying that a man named Jesinavarah lived in Palestine at about that period, was a teacher, achieved christhood, and was taken up into a UFO and is in another dimensional time warp doing some kind of work... is that the case?

**A:** Yes. Replicated consciousness.

**Q:** And you also said something about Christ returning. Is that also true?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** Was there anything about what was previously said about Jesus that was glaringly inaccurate?

**A:** Not glaringly, just naturally.

**Q:** Okay. You said that he was taken up and is doing this replicating. All these other people are saying that he went here and there and is buried here or there. Is any of this true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Who is responsible for these stories? Some of them are quite old.

**A:** Many.

**Q:** What is the purpose of these stories?

**A:** Mixed.

**Q:** Is there any particular group of people that is seeking to obfuscate or confuse this issue?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Who might that be?

**A:** Telltale signs lead you to the signpost.

**Q:** So, this could be a positive thing?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** Why is VG not speaking to me?

**A:** Because she envisions you "filling D\*\*\*'s mind with mush."

**Q:** Why have I not heard from Terry and Jan?

**A:** Busy rearranging their lives.

**Q:** I haven't asked about this, but you did tell them that it was a serious breach for them to move too far away based on their own pre-life plans and the delicate balance of energies. Put this together with the two dreams I had about Terry dying, I am just wondering if there is some connection between the dreams of Terry dying and your warning to them to not make this move?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Anything else you want to say about that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** I didn't think so. Okay, I want to get the psychomantium set up soon...

**A:** Good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!

**Q:** Could you rush any of the benefits in advance of this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** You mean I have to get it set up and working?

**A:** Yes. Okay, that's all folks!!

END OF SESSION

