## August 15, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Mahijm.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask about the board situation. I have been thinking about covering the board with glass or plexi-glas. Would it be advisable to cover the board with either of these, or should I make the table the whole board and cover it with glass.

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (L) I know that, but I am talking about in terms of energy. Which would be better energy wise?

**A:** You must discover, if you wish.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now: I would like to know if there was a real historic person behind the legend of King Arthur?

**A:** Close. Sorcerer's Coven. Secret pact of coven is covenant.

**Q:** (L) Was this the Nordic Covenant behind the legend of King Arthur?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (L) I think that implies that there might be a connection?

**A:** Maybe there is something more like an offshoot.

**Q:** (L) The Nordic Covenant is an offshoot of the Arthurian Covenant or vice versa?

**A:** King Arthur story based on an offshoot of Nordic Covenant Root.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now you say that the Nordic Covenant can be positive or negative. Would the Arthurian Cycle be of the Positive Offshoot?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) What period of time did this Sorcerer's Coven...

**A:** During the "Dark Ages.

**Q:** (L) Can you get me closer to a year, or period of years?

**A:** We will let you do that.

**Q:** (L) The chief thing I noticed about this period of the Dark Ages is that from the time of the 'birth of Christ,' for about 1300 years, there is an incredible lack of documentation. Now, there were some manuscripts written by Monks, such as Gregory of Tours and so forth, but in general, the only things that have survived from this period are things put out by Monks under the control of the church. It is as though the whole world became illiterate. Is this, in fact, the case? Was it that nobody was writing anything down during this period?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was any part of this because of the control of the Catholic Church over writing and education, and that they opposed everything that did not support their views?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, what we have to work with is what we have to work with. And, I guess that's as close as we can get. It isn't a whole heck of a lot. How many people were in this Covenant?

**A:** Look for answers, trees will lead you to it.

**Q:** (L) What literary source could I go to to find the least distorted or corrupted information?

**A:** Trees.

**Q:** (L) How long has this Nordic Covenant been in existence?

**A:** Look for it.

**Q:** (L) You said that you were in regular contact with the Kantekkians on Kantek before they were airlifted to Earth 80 thousand years ago or thereabouts. Now, was the destruction of this planet a result of Orion Manipulations of the people such as is taking place on our planet at the present time?

**A:** Maybe somewhat, but not all.

**Q:** (L) I have tried to imagine a planet full of people of pure Aryan types, or purified Celtics, and it is difficult to imagine what such a culture would be like. Is there anything that we can look at, literary or otherwise, that would give me a concept of what this culture or society could have been like?

**A:** Search Japan and the Bahamas.

**Q:** (L) What?! What do Japan and the Bahamas have in common?

**A:** See for yourself. Remember, learning is fun and energizes. Spoonfeeding sessions do little for you.

**Q:** (L) When you were in regular contact with the Kantekkians, what was the nature of this contact?

**A:** Educational.

**Q:** (L) Was it coming through a board, or coming to the head, or through transducing it like through Stonehenge, or something altogether different?

**A:** Seek those most in tune who ask, then enter data when ready.

**Q:** (L) Who was the author of the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion?"

**A:** Source is "Aryan" in nature.

**Q:** (L) Was it written to make the Jews look bad, or to cast blame on them?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Was it also written as a disguised protocol for the Aryan plan to take over the world?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I heard that the source was in Russia?

**A:** No, Turkey.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask about J\_\_'s \[son\] friend C\_\_. He is still suffering some paralysis... is there something more that can be done to help him?

**A:** Slow mender.

**Q:** (L) Will he get his function back in a more complete way.

**A:** More, yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, you said that I should search for the original zodiacal clues in the Hague. Now, this book I recently got that was written by a guy from The Hague, is THIS the clue I was to look for, or is there still something there in the city itself? Some artifact?

**A:** Book is the key.

**Q:** (L) We have been discussing this period of the Brown Star. Is this period 26 or 27 million years?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, the last time it was here was at the time of the dyings of the dinosaurs?

**A:** Possible.

**Q:** (L) What is the period of the orbit of the Brown Star? (A) Is it periodic?

**A:** Variably periodic.

**Q:** (A) This variability is due to perturbations from other stars, correct?

**A:** And gravitational anomalies from other sources.

**Q:** (A) Has it already come through the Oort Cloud and is now getting farther and farther away?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) They said it had already passed through on its way IN.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) There is this internet site in Mexico which puts up this information about the alien bases. \[Reads excerpt\] It says that in the areas where there are these bases, there is often a lot of strange phenomena. I would like to know if you can identify the source of this information as he does not identify himself or where he is getting this stuff? He does not even have an e-mail option on his page.

**A:** You can test verity of all such information based upon that which you already know or have "put together."

**Q:** (L) Can you give me an approximate number of aliens currently interacting with, or on, or under our planet as a whole?

**A:** "Aliens?" What constitutes such?

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well then, non-human beings. Extra- terrestrials, Ultra-terrestrials, and so forth.

**A:** These bases have naturalized the inhabitants. Anomalies occur as much because of where the bases are chosen to be located as any other factor. Magnetic faults and their inherent portals, you know!

**Q:** (L) This guy thinks that there is a rather limited number of aliens, and that people ought to get together and resist this threat because our numbers are greater. Is that, in fact, correct?

**A:** Not point. The question of the hour is: what is the motive?

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is the motive?

**A:** Build a house step by step, and when it is finished, you can move into the neighborhood and out of the motel.

**Q:** (L) Oh jeez. So, these are a bunch of aliens hanging out in 'motels' waiting for their house to be built. That does not sound good.

**A:** Many of you have recently become "bedazzled" by the "information superhighway," and its accompanying computer hardware. Gee, we wonder why?

**Q:** (L) Well, you told us to network. We have been networking like crazy, digging up information, reading and comparing. Yes, there is a ton of garbage out there, but if we don't ask, how will we know?

**A:** Point was: who is manipulating thee? Not so much you specifically, but the others? So many kids and kids-at- heart are thunderstruck by techno-sensory toys. Those cellular phones, those pagers and the Christmas toy computers... They are like, so cool!

**Q:** (L) So what are you implying about these techno toys?

**A:** Ponder.

**Q:** (L) Give me a clue. A word, something to point me in the right direction.

**A:** Fuzzy jello-brained kids.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that pagers and cell phones, and techno toys that kids get for Christmas can have effects on them that turn their brains to jello?

**A:** In a figurative sense. All this technology represents a Brave New World. Like Huxley said: Woe is to those who have been led to eat their brains for lunch.

**Q:** (L) My kids have pagers. Are pagers, in particular...

**A:** What do you think comprises the signal content?

**Q:** (L) I don't know. What does comprise the signal content?

**A:** Microwaves.

**Q:** (L) What do these microwaves do to the individual?

**A:** Contour brain cell structure.

**Q:** (L) Do they emit a signal continuously, or only when they are being used?

**A:** Wave cycle low to high.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's not good. How close does the pager have to be to you to have this effect?

**A:** Four meters. Cell phones too and television and computer screens can be transmitted through thusly.

**Q:** (L) Is there any kind of device that we can build or purchase that can emit a blocking signal?

**A:** Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (L) When you say 'contouring brain cell structure,' what would be evidence or results of such effects?

**A:** Increasingly narrow outlooks and being unable to employ discriminatory thinking.

**Q:** (L) Confusion?

**A:** No. Just lack of depth and breadth to one's mental and psychic abilities.

**Q:** (A) First little question: what happened to my left arrow key on my notebook and can I fix it?

**A:** Spring. Coil defective.

**Q:** (A) Can I fix it?

**A:** Better to get expert, but be careful in choosing.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask whether this channel is being monitored, and if so, by whom?

**A:** Only effective monitoring so far is by direct 3rd density observation and enticing some to share data, then "spill their guts" with "shaky" correspondents.

**Q:** (L) So, it's only when I get enticed to share what ought not to be shared, or when someone is present who is a monitor, that we have been monitored?

**A:** Close. It can be monitored in other ways, but so far, these have been only seldom necessary. All STS always seek the path of least resistance first.

**Q:** (L) You once said when Terry and Jan were here that we should imagine the words appearing on a screen somewhere as they were being delivered on the board. Now you say that this is not necessarily the lengths to which they have gone. Why?

**A:** Seldom does not mean never.

**Q:** (L) If such a thing was to happen, would it be because of the presence of someone, such as when you said PZ was a monitor?

**A:** P\_\_ Z\_\_, yes definitely!

**Q:** (A) Santilli?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) Okay, now I have a question that goes back to Marinov. When we were asking about him, and what it was that he knew, and the answer was that it was UFT and it was given in quotation marks. All other mentions of UFT were given without quote marks. What was this for? What more can be said about that in this case?

**A:** Watch, not spell out.

\[Attempts made to draw something, but unsuccessfully.\] Russian letter "b."

**Q:** (L) What next? I don't understand...

**A:** Cyrillic "S" - P - K - G - Y - S - K - A.

**Q:** (L) If that was in Cyrillic, what would it say? Were you trying to show us a diagram of something?

**A:** No. Place is near Urals.

**Q:** (A) It is a place?

**A:** Yes. Start at Novosibirtsk, draw a line to Irkutsk.

**Q:** (L) How does that relate to the question?

**A:** Site is lab at magnetic meridian.

**Q:** (L) What does that have to do with what Marinov was working on?

**A:** Everything.

**Q:** (L) But telling us where the site is doesn't tell us anything about it!

**A:** Presumptuous!

**Q:** (A) There is something at this site?

**A:** Yes, but your clue begins your discovery. Marinov saw light waves.

**Q:** (A) What does that mean?

**A:** Oscilliscope.

**Q:** (A) Is there anything we can or should do with an oscilliscope?

**A:** It is a clue.

**Q:** (A) Okay, we see waves on an oscilliscope...

**A:** What if it measures magnetic pulse?

**Q:** (A) Okay, I will follow this clue. Now, I was following another clue, Einstein's UFT, and I looked at 1936 and he published a paper then describing Einstein-Rosen Bridge.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) This is a bridge between two different realms, so to say.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) But there is nothing in this idea, really, that relates to UFT.

**A:** That is not true.

**Q:** (A) There was nothing in this idea which relates to hyperspace in the sense of fifth dimensions, pentagons, hexagons. At least I could not see it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) So there is another piece of information which has to be put together with this idea to lead to the UFT, yes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Another clue that we were following was Von Neumann. We have this info about the Philadelphia Experiment, probably from Bielek. It says that Von Neumann took over the project in March of 1942, after Tesla. Is this correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) It says that in 1943, Von Neumann installed a third generator...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I have trouble with this because Von Neumann was a mathematician, and I can hardly imagine him installing generators which involves knowledge of electronics, physics, and so on. What was the truth?

**A:** Von Neumann was not unassisted. The mathematics apply to a language which translates quite naturally to EM principles. His involvement on that aspect was coerced.

**Q:** (A) What kind of mathematics?

**A:** What is the light one observes in the presence of a charged EM field? Algebra.

**Q:** (A) Algebras of operators?

**A:** Calculus.

**Q:** (A) Now, in this paper they also mention a mathematician by the name of Levinson who wrote the so-called 'Levinson Time Equation.' Was there such a mathematician participating in the project?

**A:** Yes, but only after. Not in '43.

**Q:** (A) There is also mention of Hilbert, another mathematician, and it is said that 'Hilbert, the mathematician who devised equations for Hilbert space which describe multiple space and multiple realities mathematically. These equations for multiple space became very important in the project.' Is that correct?

**A:** Again, this was after the "Experiment." The "Project" continues.

**Q:** (A) Who are the scientists known to me who participate in the Project that continues, if any?

**A:** Not necessarily known to you.

**Q:** (A) What are their names?

**A:** The scientists who participate in projects of this nature are now isolated away from the mainstream scientific community, in order to prevent leaks...

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that in the beginning they called on the talents of scientists who were known, but since that time...

**A:** Groomed and trained in a closed system.

**Q:** (L) So, they have selected, groomed and trained their own scientists... So, if they are in the mainstream scientific community, writing papers and doing ordinary stuff, they can't be part of the project. And, if they start getting too close, and they can't be sucked in and controlled, they are done away with. Is that the idea here?

**A:** Not quite.

**Q:** (L) Is it close?

**A:** Fortunately, few have been done away with.

**Q:** (L) But, they can ridicule them, destroy them professionally, mess with their lives, etc.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (A) I want to have one more clue about the relation of quantum theory to all of this. Hilbert dealt with quantum theory. Is it true that, from UFT, like Einstein dreamed it, that one can derive quantum theory?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What is the relation of this Hilbert Space business to multiple realities. I don't understand this. Can I have a clue?

**A:** What do you not understand?

**Q:** (A) I do not understand what Hilbert's Mathematics have to do with Multiple Realities. I understand multiple realities can have all kinds of wormholes and bridges...

**A:** The wormholes are the bridges. His mathematics have to do with how one passes through parallel realms in order to traverse extreme distances within the same originator realm without altering the perceived passage of time.

**Q:** (A) That's interesting to think about.

**A:** In other words, "zero time," and the folding of space. This is where the complete Unified Field Theory would come into play. You see, the problem needing solution is to demonstrate how space and time are interchangeable, and how gravity and magnetism are born of the same source, with the application of electromagnetic fields as the key to utilizing all realms simultaneously. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION
