## July 25, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Waybon.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I read the new book by Dr. David Jacobs, professor of History at Temple University, concerning his extensive research into the alien abduction phenomenon. \[Dr. Jacobs wrote his Ph.D. thesis on the history of the UFOs.\] Dr. Jacobs says that now, after all of these years of somewhat rigorous research, that he KNOWS what the aliens are here for and he is afraid. David Jacobs says that producing offspring is the primary objective behind the abduction phenomenon. Is this, in fact, the case?

**A:** Part, but not "the whole thing."

**Q:** (L) Is there another dominant reason?

**A:** Replacement.

**Q:** (L) Replacement of what?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (L) How do you mean? Creating a race to replace human beings, or abducting specific humans to replace them with a clone or whatever?

**A:** Mainly the former. You see, if one desires to create a new race, what better way than to mass hybridize, then mass reincarnate. Especially when the host species is so forever ignorant, controlled, and anthropocentric. What a lovely environment for total destruction and conquest and replacement... see?

**Q:** (L) Well, that answered my other question about the objective. Well, here in the book, Dr. Jacobs says that there are ongoing abductions through particular families. I quote: “Beyond protecting the fetus, there are other reasons for secrecy. If abductions are, as all the evidence clearly indicates, an intergenerational phenomenon in which the children of abductees are themselves abductees, then one of the aliens' goals is the generation of more abductees. Are all children of abductees incorporated into the phenomenon? The evidence suggests that the answer is yes. If an abductee has children with a non-abductee, the chances are that all their descendants will be abductees. This means that through normal population increase, divorce, remarriage and so on, the abductee population will increase quickly throughout the generations. When those children grow and marry and have children of their own, all of their children, whether they marry an abductee or non-abductee, will be abductees. To protect the intergenerational nature of the breeding program, it must be kept secret from the abductees so that they will continue to have children. If the abductees KNEW that the program was intergenerational, they might elect not to have children. This would bring a critical part of the program to a halt, which the aliens cannot allow. The final reason for secrecy is to expand the breeding program, to integrate laterally in society, the aliens must make sure that abductees mate with non-abductees and produce abductee children.” Now, this seems to suggest that there is a particular bloodline that is susceptible to...

**A:** We have told you before: the Nazi experience was a "trial run," and by now you see the similarities, do you not?

**Q:** (L) Yes, I do see...

**A:** Now, we have also told you that the experience of the "Native Americans" vis a vis the Europeans may be a precursor in microcosm. Also, what Earthian 3rd density does to Terran 2nd density should offer "food for thought." In other words, thou art not so special, despiteth thy perspective, eh? And we have also warned that after conversion of Earth humans to 4th density, the Orion 4th density and their allies hope to control you "there." Now put this all together and what have you? At least you should by now know that it is the soul that matters, not the body. Others have genetically, spiritually and psychically manipulated/engineered you to be bodycentric. Interesting, as despite all efforts by 4th through 6th density STO, this "veil remains unbroken."

**Q:** (L) Now, the big question is: what are we supposed to DO with this information?

**A:** As with all else, it is not what you should do with it, it is just that you have it.

**Q:** (L) Is there any possibility of defeating the plans of the 4th density STS in this project?

**A:** Is there any possibility of defeating the Spanish Conquistadores and the English, French, Dutch and German "colonists?"

**Q:** (F) Did they say what I think they said? (L) Yes. That is inexpressibly depressing.

**A:** And you expected a Rose Garden?

**Q:** (L) If that's the way it is, why don't we all join the Heaven's Gate cult and commit mass suicide and just not deal with all this stuff?!

**A:** You chose to "deal with it," now did you not?

**Q:** (L) Well, was I in my right mind when I made that choice, or had I been drinking?

**A:** No drinking on 5th density!

**Q:** (L) Now, I have been having an exchange with Carla McCarty who was the Ra channel. She says that we are not supposed to DO anything, we are just supposed to BE, and what we are supposed to BE is to just let love flow through us, love the aliens and everybody and just sort of relax in the tulips and, if they take us over, then we should LOVE that, too. Somehow, I don't find this...

**A:** All there is is lessons!!

**Q:** (L) Is the lesson to learn how to give up the ghost with panache? What's the point?

**A:** Your experiences never end, only transform. No bodycentrics need apply.

**Q:** (L) Well, you once said something about the transition to 4th density creating a 'level playing field.' Then, the people will wake up and there will be a battle between the humans and aliens...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And if it is a more level playing field, then the situation would not quite be the same as the Conquistadores against the Aztecs and the Native Americans against the Europeans and...

**A:** Wrong, all in that drama were at 3rd density. The rabbits, rats, dogs, etc. are not on a level playing field with you!

**Q:** (L) Do the aliens know about the upcoming comets and all that sort of thing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And they have the idea that what they are doing, this race they are creating, is going to survive this cataclysmic activity?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) Is that 'of course' as in they ARE going to survive, or that they BELIEVE they are going to survive?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you once told us that this was like a 'cosmic battle.' That the cycle was going to create balance and so on. I am trying to understand this. If that is the case, it seems that there is more to it than the Conquistadores against the Aztecs and the Europeans against the Native Americans; that at some point the story changes - the oppressed fight back - I am trying to get the allegory into a more understandable framework. Do you see what I mean?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is because I am confused. What I am trying to ask without asking it directly is: what chance do we have of doing anything?

**A:** You are still not seeing the "bigger picture."

**Q:** (L) What is the bigger picture?

**A:** Your souls, your consciousness.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, we chose to come in at this particular point in time to experience this mass take over of our planet and the conquest and destruction of the human race, just so we could have this experience, check- out and reincarnate?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, that is what it sounds like! You say that the only thing that really matters is our souls, our consciousness, so if we tend to our souls and our bodies check out, then obviously the answer is to a) reincarnate, or b) move to the next density and reincarnate. What other option is there?

**A:** How long did you expect to "live?"

**Q:** (L) Well, under the normal circumstance, 70 or 80 years, optimistically.

**A:** And is that long?

**Q:** (L) No, it is not. By cosmic standards it is a whiff of vapor. What are you getting at here?

**A:** Think about it. ? Have you had any contemporaries who transited to 5th density?

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** How come? How can this be possible?

**Q:** (L) Because they died. The body died.

**A:** Why?

**Q:** (L) Because that is what bodies do.

**A:** But is it "fair?"

**Q:** (L) Is it fair?! I guess if that is what they choose.

**A:** And...

**Q:** (L) I don't know where you are going with this!

**A:** You seem to be under the impression that only "good” experiences are acceptable.

**Q:** (L) No, I am not under the impression that only good experiences are acceptable, but I AM in a little bit of a quandary here because, here we are talking to you guys who are supposed to be 'us' in the future. Here we are in this period of time on this planet, where things are in a very strange state. There is some kind of huge transition going on, and I am just wondering what is the whole point. Why are we talking to you? What's the point?

**A:** It is the lesson. Do you not understand still? The lesson, the lessons, that is all there is. They are all immeasurably valuable.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we are having these lessons. You have told us what is going on. We see it going on around us. I am convinced that what you have said is so from a LOT of other circumstantial evidence as well as the research of others who have come to the same conclusion and, DAMN IT, IT'S UGLY! DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?! IT'S UGLY!

**A:** That is your perspective.

**Q:** (L) Well, as Chloe said on the phone the other day, what are we supposed to awaken to? Are we supposed to just awaken to the fact that we can SEE all this stuff going on?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And just waking up and seeing it is the whole thing? Okay, once we wake up and SEE it, why can't we just check out at that point? If you know what the script is, you don't have to watch the movie!

**A:** But then you miss out on the experience.

**Q:** (L) So, we are all here to experience being munched and crunched...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Imprisoned, controlled, being treated like rats in a cage in a laboratory...

**A:** Ecstasy, remember?

**Q:** (L) Ecstasy?! WELL SWELL! We can just ALL be BURNED AT THE STAKE! I understand that is QUITE an ECSTATIC experience! I'm sure William Wallace felt perfectly ecstatic when they castrated him and removed his bowels and burned them in a brazier in front of his face!

**A:** Not so long ago, your face smashed upon the pavement...

**Q:** (L) Was that an ecstatic experience?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, when you say 'ecstatic' you could just be talking about jumping out a window and croaking?! You gotta understand here! The perspective here on 3rd density! You don't have faces to smash on pavements!

**A:** Neither will/do you/us.

**Q:** (A) You say knowledge protects. It protects against WHAT?

**A:** Many things. One example: post transformational trauma and confusion.

**Q:** (L) So, knowledge is going to protect us against post transformational trauma and confusion. You are saying that this transition to 4th density is going to be traumatic and confusing. Do you mean transformation from 3rd to 4th density, or 3rd to 5th density, i.e. death?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) So, if one does not have the shock and trauma and the confusion and so forth, one is then able to function better?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, if a person transitions directly from 3rd to 4th density without cycling through 5th density via dying, that implies that persons can transition directly from 3rd to 4th density without dying. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How does that feel? How is that experience...

**A:** Alice through the looking glass.

**Q:** (A) Okay, they say that knowledge is supposed to protect from trauma and confusion. On the other hand, all is lessons, so trauma is a lesson. Why are we supposed to work to avoid a lesson?

**A:** You are correct, it is a lesson, but if you have foreknowledge, you are learning that lesson early, and in a different way.

**Q:** (L) So, if you learn the lesson in a different way, does that mitigate the need or the way or the process of the way of learning at the time of transition?

**A:** Yes. Smoother.

**Q:** (L) I do have to say that thinking about it all, not being able to do anything about it, not being able to talk to people about it because they don't believe, is certainly more painful than being hit by the shock of it...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, you are suggesting that I CAN tell others such things?

**A:** You can convey, but suggest it be done in a subtle fashion.

**Q:** (L) Well, how subtle can it be? I mean, 'hello folks, you know the words munch, crunch, yum yum???'

**A:** It is not all that way, and you know it! Most are not eaten, just manipulated. Knowledge protects in the most amazing ways. Mathematics are "taught' in your realm in such a way that only a select few will learn. And mathematics is the language of all creation. For example, advanced math studies, such as algebra, provide the keys to unlocking the doors between the matter and antimatter universes. Suggest those present who still need to, learn algebra.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you suggest that those present learn algebra...

**A:** Who need to.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that we can unlock doors between matter and anti-matter universes? Is that what you are getting at here?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (L) I certainly don't want to hang out on this planet after it is taken over by aliens and everybody is getting munched!

**A:** Munched? Please!!

**Q:** (A) I want to refer to the previous session when we were talking about UFT and you said that I should go back to 1969. I tried to remember what, in particular, in 1969, what was the crossroads? I couldn't remember anything. Can I have some clue: what was it? Which month?

**A:** August.

**Q:** (A) Was it in Wroclaw?

**A:** Yes. Lodz.

**Q:** (A) That is the town where my brother is living. Perhaps, yes... I was there in 1969. Yes, that is true. I want to know about the remark saying 'Russian at heart?'

**A:** You studied it, you interacted with amazing people... Hamburg...

**Q:** (A) Yes, that is true, but why is it relevant?

**A:** The doors are opened to revelation by contemplating the past which is really the present.

**Q:** (A) Now, is this mention of 'Russian,' and going to Hamburg related to research I was doing in Hamburg?

**A:** Reading Russian books about pertinent theoretical or hypothetical principles? Hamburg? Research? Yes, but that is a clue and all we can give you, lest you miss the opportunity to discover something truly important.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we'll work on it.

**A:** Pathway by the lightpoles, Arkadiusz... Good Night.

END OF SESSION
