## June 20, 1998
Frank, C\_\_\_, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Choose another board

[Board had ridges which made movement difficult. We replaced it.]

**Q:** Alright, hope that is better.

**A:** Olorra.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** First question: okay, this book, The Key, by Cohane, is talking about a rock drawing in the Hoggar region of the Sahara; there is a figure of this man on these rock drawings surrounded by these various other figures; the man is pictured without a face. Where his face should be there are parallel brownish black lines that look like two things, the slats of a bed or the grill of a barbeque. Then, it says that "in the West Indies, and throughout North America, the indians had, as one of their most vital implements, a device that served as both bed and as a cooking utensil. It consisted of an oblong metal frame, three feet high, with slats or bars across the framework much like the slats of a modern bed. The indians cooked their meat on this grill over an open fire, and then, when the fire had died down, they wrapped themselves in their blankets and slept on the grill above the embers. To nomadic people, this object was the very center of their life. On this device, they not only cooked and slept, but also begot children. Out of this simple invention came what we today call a barbeque." Anyway, the thought that came to my mind as I read that was the idea of the magnetite in the brain and the representation of the darkened bars across the face of this god figure as being symbolic of iron magnetite, and some kind of energy transition going on in the head. Can you comment on this idea?

**A:** We need you to be more specific, if you please.

**Q:** Well, do the dark lines represent a)iron or b)the magnetite of the iron?

**A:** Seldom are answers so readily obtainable as in the "key" book.

**Q:** You got that right! It blew me away! So, in other words, the answer was very close to the description of the barbeque?

**A:** Interesting that they should mention "barbeque," as the lines described could very well denote the effects of the "grill" after one's face had been pressed upon it, while the fires burned underneath!

**Q:** What would be the source of such fires? The nature of the fires?

**A:** Firewalkers could tell you that.

{This was an interesting response since C\_\_\_'s late husband was very interested in fire walking though neither Frank nor I knew it at the time.}

**Q:** What is the nature of the grill? Is it an external iron object, or an internal effect of iron?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** Why would this be represented as dark lines across the face?

**A:** When one is shamed, one is no longer seen, only sees...

**Q:** Are you saying that this is a representation of hiding one's face in shame?

**A:** More like being hidden.

**Q:** What figure did this god represent that had these lines drawn across the face?

**A:** The figure was more collective than individual.

**Q:** So, it was a collective rather than an individual god... (C) How do you know it was a god? (L) Because it was... well, we don't. It was just that the size was so huge. Was it one of the Nephilim?

**A:** When it comes to the Nephalim, references all point to a unified legend.

**Q:** Was this figure the fertility god of the Hoggar region?

**A:** Better study more material relating to Mediterranean region, particularly Malta.

**Q:** Okay, that is at least the third time you have brought up Malta. I will look for something on Malta. Now, I have noticed in all this reading that certain dates are repeatedly associated with certain subjects as signs or markers... and that these dates are associated with particular rituals, with particular groups, secret societies, various ancient matters - repeating over and over again. For example: the January 17th issue. It is like some sort of hugely important day. What I want to know is, is there some repeating relation between these dates and certain energy exchanges between densities? Are these dates indicative of some cycle of exchange between densities, or dates when the cycles create a situation wherein doorways are more easily opened?

**A:** Dates provide marker only.

**Q:** Are they a marker for the signaling to other people of their significance?

**A:** If you did not have "dates," would you remember anything?

**Q:** Well, I guess not. Okay, what are we supposed to remember from January 17th. Obviously this is some deep memory of an extremely significant event.

**A:** Consult Maya.

**Q:** (C) They had the 52 year cycles. Wonder what January 17th was. (L) Anything else about January 17th?

**A:** Also 365 day cycles.

**Q:** Yeah, they had several cycles. (C) Was that a beginning of a cycle?

**A:** Measurement of what happened and when.

**Q:** What happened on January 17th?

**A:** Consult Maya.

**Q:** But January 17th recurs repeatedly in the alchemical texts...

**A:** And you may see the connection. Why do you suppose alchemists knew of the secrets brought "to the table" by the Maya/Egyptians?

**Q:** They constructed a mathematical table of some sort and this fits into that table, is that it? Is that why it reveals a secret?

**A:** It is a start.

**Q:** So, there is a 'table' involved... hmmm... alright, now: for a long time I have been curious about the reason for the wearing of the cord around the waist, against the skin, that is a symbol of many secret societies. What was the meaning of the cord around the waist?

**A:** Balance.

**Q:** How can a cord symbolize balance?

**A:** Body magnetic field.

**Q:** I don't see how that relates to wearing a cord around the waist? Are you saying it balanced the body's magnetic field, or was supposed to?

**A:** Symbolism.

**Q:** There's gotta be something else to this cord around the waist... it was some big symbolic thing and it relates to the wearing of the Masonic apron... (C) Maybe it's a symbol of the larger garment? (L) Any comments?

**A:** No need for any.

**Q:** Alright then. {Later note: What came to mind as I was re-reading this is the Hermetic maxim "as above, so below, and the cord symbolizing this division between above and below in a physiological sense. This then would lend substance to the Chinese alchemical figure of the "three cauldrons," and the practice of Tantra where the sexual energy is conserved until it overflows into the middle cauldron, continued conservation would then cause it to overflow into the "upper cauldron," or the consciousness.} There is another thing: the five-fold bond. There is the very famous figure from the Maya of the guy who is tied up - they call it 'hog-tied.' The person is tied with feet and hands tied together and then to the head. Five parts of the body are tied together. This is seen as a ritual activity or symbol of same. What can this possibly mean? The Mason's have the remnant of this with the rope tied around the neck.

**A:** You need to research the Masonic rites.

**Q:** I have. And that is what I am talking about. All I can see is that they are re-enacting the 'opening of the mouth' ceremony of the Pyramid Texts. Why haven't they made that connection? That is clearly what they are doing.

**A:** Who is?

**Q:** The Masons, when they go through their initiation. I read a description of the rites, and this is what it seems they are going through. Is this a reenactment of the slaying of Hiram? No, that doesn't make sense... Anything else you want to say about it?

**A:** We have already commented about the need for you to further research the Masonic rites.

**Q:** It says in this 'Holy Blood, Holy Grail' book that, among the artifacts that were recovered from the Templars at the time of their arrest, was a woman's skull decorated with gold or silver with a sign on it that said 'Caput LVIIIm' which could either be 58 m or, if the m meant 1,000, then the 58 would be subtracted leaving 942, or it could be 58 and the Virgo symbol. Of these three ideas, is it one of them?

**A:** 942.

**Q:** What does 942 relate to?

**A:** Use numerological data for suggestions there.

**Q:** Well, that leaves 6. What does the number 6 lead us to?

**A:** Rounded it shows you groupings of twos and threes.

**Q:** Rounded?

**A:** 2x3, 3x2.

**Q:** Anything further about this skull?

**A:** What does Kaput signify?

**Q:** Well, head, or finished? The end of something. Who did the skull belong to? It was supposed to be some saint or martyr.

**A:** You see Laura, you are on the right path, but you have a proclivity for side trips.

**Q:** So, this isn't important enough to worry about. Okay, in January of 1244, nearly three months before the fall of the fortress of Montsegur, two of the Parfaits escaped. According to tradition, the bulk of the Cathar treasure went with them - that is, gold, silver etc. Supposedly it was taken to a cave in the mountains and then to a castle stronghold. After this, the treasure vanished and has never been heard of again.

In March, three months later, Montsegur capitulated after with less than 400 defenders remaining. The defenders requested a two week truce. Now, these guys have been duking it out and slaughtering each other, yet they are granted a two week truce! This is quite amazing! They wanted to consider the terms of surrender. The terms were that all the fighting men were to receive a full pardon various crimes. They would be allowed to depart with all their baggage, gifts, and any money they received from their employers. The Parfaits were to be generously dealt with if they would renounce their beliefs and confess their sins to the Inquisition. They would be freed, and subjected only to light penances. This was COMPLETELY out of keeping with what the Inquisition was all about. Anyway, they asked for two weeks to consider the terms. In return, they offered hostages.

Then, on March 15, the truce expired. The following day, 200 Parfaits were hauled out and burnt. There was no time to erect individual stakes, so they were all burned together in a wooden stockade at the foot of the mountain. Not one recanted. On the night of March 16 it says that four men, accompanied by a guide, made an escape by descending the sheer western face of the mountain, suspended by ropes. According to tradition, these men carried the 'true' treasure of the Cathars. Why was this not smuggled out with the bulk of the treasure three months earlier? Why was this retained in the fortress until the last moment? What was the delay for? Why did this item or items need to be retained until a specific date that coincided with the Spring Equinox? It is know that some sort of festival was held on March 14, the day before the truce expired. Apparently, this ceremony HAD to be held on March 14. From the reports, this ceremony or festival was quite impressive because some of the hired mercenaries, defying inevitable death, converted to the Cathar faith at this time. Could whatever was smuggled out have been necessary to the ceremony on the 14th? Was it necessary for them to retain something in their possession until a certain period of time had passed?

**A:** If you understood the cycles, and more importantly, the forces directing them, then you would already have the answer to this.

**Q:** Well, that is why I am asking. So, apparently these Cathars DID have something...

**A:** Sometimes, your asking is merely for validation of your own hunches.

**Q:** Well, darn it!

**A:** And for growth and progress, one must learn to let the answer stand.

**Q:** What was the head worshipped by the Templars that was supposed to have been called "Baphomet?"

**A:** Seer of the passage.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** Remember, secrets of Knights Templar were kept in caves guided by eternally burning lamps.

**Q:** Okay, next question, is this Ophiuchus, the serpent holder, the same as what you have called 'the holder of Trent?'

**A:** Close.

**Q:** I guess that I am going to just have to accept that as a partial answer - why do I bother?! Okay, let me ask this, these guys who have researched this Holy Bloodline business have sort of focused all the attention on a particular line, purportedly the line of Jesus going into the Merovingian kings... This guy, Pierre Plantard, seems to have more or less created a genealogy with their own validations... sort of like describing x in terms of y and y in terms of x. Now, is this Pierre Plantard a genuine carrier of the bloodline that we are concerned with?

**A:** Partially.

**Q:** Then, that makes me think that the significant thing that we are looking for is a convergence of the blood lines... These lines are symbolized by the god figures, the children of Odin, and what we are looking for is a place where these lines converge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, what characteristics might an individual have who is a product of this convergence?

**A:** Fair skinned and cleft chin.

**Q:** Well, Ark and Frank both have cleft chins, but C\_\_\_ and I don't! Does this mean...

**A:** We aren't saying that all with these features are of that blood line!

**Q:** So, you can have the bloodline and look quite different?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How many persons on the planet contain these 'convergant' bloodlines?

**A:** 7367. Kites were used for cross communication between bloodline members.

**Q:** Kites?! What do kites have to do with it? What the heck... you guys are driving me NUTS! Do you mean kites as in paper and string or kites as in the bird?

**A:** Yes, paper wood and string.

**Q:** (C) Like smoke signals? (L) Well, how is flying a kite... (C) Well, if it has a certain symbol on it...

**A:** And shape.

**Q:** What shape is that?

**A:** No, not now.

**Q:** (C) Well, maybe the shape of a cleft chin? (laughter) (L) Fair skin, cleft chin... (C) Yeah, and how did they communicate when it was raining? (L) Yeah, and at night? Did they set them on fire? Kites. This is obviously something that... (C) This is implying that such people know they have the bloodline and keep in touch with each other? (L) Or, is this something for the future when those of the bloodline wake up?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** All of the above? Or just the last part?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** So, we need to go fly a kite... (C) With a particular shape and symbol...

**A:** Research kites.

**Q:** (C) The Japanese fly kites... and there are a lot of people who hang banners outside their houses all the time...

**A:** Want revelations? Prepare for "Treasure" Hunt.

**Q:** Thanks a lot!

**A:** These quests energize you, Laura!

**Q:** Yes, they do. When I start finding things that connect, it is like having little explosions of energy in the brain... (A) Well, I don't understand these kites. They don't fly by themselves, they are on a string. You cannot see them at great distances... only a few miles... what is the point of communicating this way with someone who is only a few miles away?

**A:** Kites can be released, or left behind too!

**Q:** (A) When you release a kite, it falls down! Well, maybe we ought to wait and see where this clue goes before we get stuck on the technical aspects. Maybe it is just sort of a marker... We don't know if it will relate to a literal kite, or a reference to a kite, a drawing of a kite... a carving... something will appear that will connect, I am sure. It always does. [Discussion ending in comments about the symbol of the skull and crossbones.] Is there something about the skull and the physiological processes going on in the skull, and the thighbone and the physiological processes going on inside the long bone, that are somehow related?

**A:** To what?

**Q:** To each other. Why this ubiquitous representation of crossed thighbones with a skull? What is their relationship to each other?

**A:** Not point of grouping.

**Q:** (C) Well, if you have a thought and you want to move that thought, the thigh bones represent movement... so, if you wanted to spread a thought... see where I am going with this? (L) Yes, and there is some precedent for that idea. For example, the word 'well,' and wells repeatedly appear in this symbolism... this is related to the Indo-European word meaning 'to roll, or walk,' which symbolizes coming into being, life. Then, there is the electrical force of Zeus impregnating the earth goddess... is this in any way related to these thigh bones?

**A:** Getting further away.

**Q:** Do the thigh bones represent the bloodline since the majority of the marrow which manufactures blood cells is in the long bones?

**A:** Suggest you leave this aspect until later. Needs more pieces to fit into place first. And now we must go for now... goodbye.

END OF SESSION

