## August 1, 1998
Frank, Laura, Ark

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yortah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have some interesting questions this evening, but before we get started I would like to ask a personal question. Will that be okay?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** The problem is that \[child aged 8\] has developed some patches on her skin that pretty much look like psoriasis. Is this, in fact, what it is?

**A:** Is yeast related.

**Q:** Can you give me some effective therapies that I can implement?

**A:** Therapies not as important as behaviors.

**Q:** What behaviors could I implement, or she, or whatever? Behaviors in what sense?

**A:** \[Child\] likes close contact with protozoa laden surfaces.

**Q:** Ah, behaviors. Okay.

**A:** Animals, dirt, et cetera, you get the picture?

**Q:** Yes. So, what can I do to get this to clear up in addition to keeping a closer eye on where she goes, sits, plays, and so forth?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** Just that? I need to do something. Just my 'yeast attack' program?

**A:** Yes and baking soda salves.

**Q:** Anything else on that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Thank you very much. Now, in a previous session when we were talking about the initial discussion about the brown dwarf, you compared the companion star to an electron. In the discussion of the electron, you said that an electron emits gravity. Recently you said that this companion star does not radiate. But, does it emit gravity?

**A:** Radiation is at lower end of scale, and gravity is present.

**Q:** I was reading about the interactions between twin star systems, and it is conjectured that when a companion star approaches its primary, that the primary star 'robs' something from it. There are even photographs of gases flowing from the smaller star to the larger. Is this the case with this particular system?

**A:** Was.

**Q:** And it is now no longer the case?

**A:** Barely.

**Q:** I also read about these WIMPs, or Weakly Interactive Massive Particles, that they say are at the core of the sun, and that somehow they modulate the sun's internal temperature. Do these WIMPs exist?

**A:** All exists which is imagined.

**Q:** Well, that's not helpful. Also, this stuff in this book says that when the sun shrinks there are fewer, or no, sunspots, and that the shrinking of the sun increases the radiation because it burns hotter, yet the climate on the earth gets cooler...

**A:** Gravitationally related.

**Q:** The weather is related to gravity?

**A:** Earth may not deviate as much annually.

**Q:** (A) When looking for clues about Lodz, we came upon these pages of the guy from Lodz, whom I know. He speculates about faster than light particles. The main hypothesis is that neutrinos really travel faster than light. Is this the case?

**A:** This is opening a doorway to hyperspace.

**Q:** (A) You mean investigating this question?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) Or using neutrinos?

**A:** Combine with those on the pathway of wormholes.

**Q:** (L) Well, on that subject, when you said 'pathway by the lightpoles,' did you mean the poles of the Sun?

**A:** Investigate.

**Q:** (L) Well, when you said 'Russian at heart,' were you referring to faster than light particles at the heart of the Sun, i.e. neutrinos?

**A:** If so, look for a Russian scientist.

**Q:** (A) Is the Russian scientist Sakharov?

**A:** Sakharov!

**Q:** (A) Is this related to the research that I was doing...

**A:** Yes. And Sakharov was censored for reasons other than publicized.

**Q:** (L) There have been a couple of movies that we have seen lately, 'The Sphere,' and 'Event Horizon,' about spaceships that go into black holes and then re-emerge with some very strange things going on. The whole idea of a space ship going into a black hole just sort of boggles my mind. I would like to know what would be experienced by a person or space ship that goes into a black hole? What would it be like?

**A:** Disintegration, followed by conversion to anti-material energy.

**Q:** (L) So it would not come out on the other side in another universe? (A) It will.

**A:** Yes, but not as matter.

**Q:** (L) After something has gone into a black hole, can it then re-emerge into the material universe intact?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, once it's gone in the black hole, it's sayonara, hasta la vista?

**A:** Stars are also portals of this nature.

**Q:** (L) So, what we perceive as stars in the anti-matter universe would be black holes?

**A:** No, windows.

**Q:** (L) But, if you lived in this other universe on the other side of black holes to us, what would the black holes look like from there?

**A:** Too complicated to explain.

**Q:** (L) Well, give me a reference...

**A:** That is just the point! You have no reference.

**Q:** (A) You mentioned hyperspace. What is hyperspace?

**A:** 4th through 7th density, except 4th only perceives it, as "living in the doorway."

**Q:** (L) Okay, back to these two movies: 'The Sphere' was about this huge UFO found on the bottom of the Pacific. I was just wondering if this book and movie have led to these stories about this huge UFO that is supposed to have gone under the water in the pacific?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is there or is there not any truth to this story?

**A:** The rumor may be true, but the nature of it may differ.

**Q:** (L) I was also reading in some of the transcripts as I have been going through them getting them ready to print, that you once said that 'supremely powerful' STS forces were responsible for kidnapping and programming me. My question is: if they had me, why did they bring me back?

**A:** Would you expect otherwise?

**Q:** (L) Well, you said that they tried to do some programming and that it didn't work and that STO forces intervened. So, I am just a little confused. If I was such a threat to them, why did they bring me back. Under the circumstances, I could have just disappeared forever and that would be that!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What prevented that?

**A:** Occlusion.

**Q:** (L) Occlusion of what?

**A:** Best to research through meditation and hypnosis.

**Q:** (L) Okay, back to the previous remark. You say that stars are portals. What, specifically, are they portals for, of, from or to?

**A:** How about other dimension. Remember, density and dimensional concepts intersect. Density level relates more to conscious awareness, but dimensions house consciousness and all other.

**Q:** (L) So, you can have many 'houses' along a row at one level and many at another level, in a vague sort of way?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) Is the concept of density related to what Sakharov was doing?

**A:** Close. Think of hyperspace as 4th dimension.

**Q:** (L) I would like to ask, off on another subject, since there were so many instances when you promoted the presence of Terry and Jan, I am just wondering what are the implications of this choice they have made to move to Tallahassee?

**A:** Financial.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying they are going to make a lot of money or lose their shirts?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (A) I have the impression that when they were present, certain questions that I asked were not answered. Is this correct?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Why is that?

**A:** Energies affected by notions.

**Q:** (L) Our energies affected by our notions or by their notions?

**A:** Coincides.

**Q:** (L) I would like to have a little check on \[daughter\]. Is she okay?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that it?

**A:** If that is all you will ask.

**Q:** (L) Well, is she anywhere to the point that she understands anything from my point of view, realizing that my point of view may not even be the right point of view...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) She's not, is that it?

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (L) Is she still angry with me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) How does she feel?

**A:** Busy with others.

**Q:** (L) I had the thought the other day that AnnaJ was going to arrive here and show up in court. What are the odds of this happening?

**A:** Unlikely.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to have any problems with the divorce hearing?

**A:** Worries are pointless, better to just take one step at a time.

**Q:** (L) Yes, but you are always telling us to expect the unexpected, and to prepare for things to head them off, and if that is a possibility, I would like to be prepared for it...

**A:** Are you dissatisfied?

**Q:** (L) No, I'm not dissatisfied. I just want to be prepared for any unexpected, bizarre things, because all kinds of unexpected bizarre things happen to us. All the time!

**A:** Then you are prepared.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of prepared, what happened to the bicycle key we mailed to John?

**A:** Fell out.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask about Frank's type B-negative blood. Is Frank an alien hybrid?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's real encouraging!

**A:** Best to discover.

**Q:** (A) What is the test of being an alien hybrid. One is this blood type, what is another?

**A:** No criteria, but subjects of this nature seem "off-center" by terrestrial standards. However, the truest nature of this subject is as of yet undiscovered.

**Q:** (L) Okay, this guy from the schoolboard is coming on Monday. Am I going to have any problems with him?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) According to Dr. Jacobs and the stuff you told us last week, we are pretty well fried on this planet.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What are our options?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (L) I know that. But, there does not seem to be any other way to ask this question...

**A:** Knowledge protects, remember, there are no limits with knowledge.

**Q:** (L) That's all fine and dandy, but how are we ever going to learn enough in time? I feel like I am in a race.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about Lodz. Did we already get the clue and it's...

**A:** You are on the right track.

**Q:** (A) Now, this business about Sakharov, is this related, or better, when I think about Sakharov, I think about his theory that space, time metric can change signature; that space/time geometry builds a kind of singularity, changes the algebraic structure of the metric tensor; and I was trying to relate it to changing of density at some point...

**A:** Yes. Sakharov knew the answer was in the pentagon.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean 'pentagon' as in the government building, or as in the geometric structure?

**A:** Why do you suppose they are linked? Why is the "pentagon" a pentagon?

**Q:** (L) I don't know. Why is it?

**A:** Answers are within your grasp.

**Q:** (L) When you say 'grasp,' does it relate to five fingers... (A) or to the fifth dimension?

**A:** Yes, and what you possess.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean 'what you possess?'

**A:** The key is in this room and your office. But that is not the only meaning. Suggest you begin your quest by looking for patriots.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean the mirror?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean the Commander X book?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (L) The Matrix books?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (L) On the internet?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (L) Well... (A) What was this answer 'yes' to the changing of density and how it relates to what Sakharov was working on and how it connects to Kaluza Klein theories?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess we are going to have to wait until I type it to make any sense out of it...

**A:** Geometry... pentagon and hexagon, algebraic equations...

**Q:** (A) Pentagon and hexagon algebraic equations... (L) What is the connection between the pentagon and hexagon?

**A:** Discover.

**Q:** (A) In physics and mathematics we write a triangle to symbolize certain operations in three-dimensional space. One draws a square to symbolize wave equations in 4 dimensional space. One draws a pentagon to symbolize equations in 5th dimensional space, and a hexagon to symbolize equations in 6 dimensional space.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION
