## June 13, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

(Unless otherwise specified, Laura is asking all questions.)

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Verriah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** First of all, this session on 11/11/95, the question was asked - you were talking about matrixing Gemini and Aquarius, the 11th and 3rd houses of the zodiac - and I made the remark that 33 could represent... giving my idea... and you answered 'Medusa 11.' I'm assuming loosely that your answer, Medusa 11' was to the question of what 33 represented. So, Medusa 11 was the answer?

**A:** 1/3 of 33.

**Q:** Medusa was 11 of the 33. So that means that there was 22 of the 33 that was represented by something else, is that it?

**A:** If you wish to perceive it as such.

**Q:** Okay, well then, is my perception erroneous?

**A:** The pathway chosen is fruitful, but do not suppose the terminus to have been reached.

**Q:** Well, Medusa 11 is one third of 33, what are the other two thirds. (A) I believe, that in general, they will try to take you out of this idea of 33. They never, by themselves - I am not sure that the 33 is right...

**A:** 33 is right, but what it means is complex and fluid in nature.

**Q:** This Medusa idea, as I have recently learned, is part of a triad of female figures. And in this triad, the other two female figures are Cassiopaea and Andromeda, or Cassiopaean and Danae. I don't know which set to select.

**A:** Select that which fits.

**Q:** I think that Danae and Cassiopaea could be the same entity in the mythical sense...

**A:** Who speaks for Andromeda?

**Q:** Cassiopaea... or Perseus? What do you mean who 'speaks' for her?

**A:** If you do not know, you need more pieces before you can advance. You see, ask the mathematics teacher what happens if students fail to maintain the progression of study? But why?

**Q:** Because, if you fall behind, you miss a piece and can never catch up because other pieces don't fit, so you have to find the piece that fits.

**A:** Is this true Arkadiusz?

**Q:** (A) What happens is just that they stop understanding what follows next. (L) Okay, the story says that Perseus has slain Medusa and he is on his way back and came to Ethiopia. He found that a lovely maiden had been given up to be devoured by a horrible sea-serpent, and her name was Andromeda. She was the daughter of a 'silly, vain woman named Cassiopaean.' She had boasted that she was more beautiful than the daughters of the Sea God. The punishment for the arrogance of Cassiopaea fell not on her, but on her daughter, Andromeda. The Ethiopians were being devoured in huge numbers by the serpent - sounds a little bit like what the Lizzies are doing today - and learning from the oracle that they could be freed from the pest only if Andromeda could be offered up to the beast - the forced Cephus, her father, to offer her up. So, her mother got her into the soup and her father turned on the heat. Anyway, Perseus arrived and the maiden was chained to a rocky ledge waiting for the monster. He saw her and fell instantly in love. So, he waited beside her until the great snake came and cut off its head. They sailed away and lived happily ever after. So, who spoke for Andromeda, her mother and father, is that what you mean?

**A:** It is a beginning.

**Q:** Okay, so what is the point of who spoke for Andromeda? What does that have to do with the 1/3 of 33?

**A:** Your searches sooner or later "net" results.

**Q:** Okay, one interesting thing that we just discovered was that Hyakatuke and Hale Bopp both crossed the eye of Medusa, the star Algol, on April 11th exactly one year apart. What is the significance of this?

**A:** You must remember mosaic, matrix... When you are on the verge of quantum changes or discovery, the realities begin to reveal their perfectly squared nature to you.

**Q:** Is that the only thing you want to remark about the crossing of the comets in front of the eye of Medusa?

**A:** Can you not picture all reality as a curving and bobbing journey through a transparent, undulating matrix mosaic?

**Q:** Well, do you have anything else to say about Andromeda? (It's VERY HOT in here!) Okay, Medusa 11. So, this was 11 of the 33, and assuming that you were not saying that there were 11 heads, but that Medusa was one of three heads, is that what we are getting at here, that there are three heads and Medusa was one?

**A:** Or both times 2.

**Q:** What do you mean? I don't understand.

**A:** Both times 2 is your square, my dear. In other words, perfect balance.

**Q:** Okay...

**A:** No! Ponder, do not jump around so much, lest ye lose the chance to learn!

**Q:** So, Medusa represents both heads times 2, and that is the square and balance. But that is only 22 or 121. So where does the 33 come from?

**A:** All these 1s 2s and 3s... hmmm...

**Q:** Well, if Medusa is one of the heads, what is the other head called?

**A:** Who are your prime numbers?

**Q:** The dwellings or the mystics, or do you want specific numbers?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Who?

**A:** Who?

**Q:** How do we find out who are the prime numbers? Do we plot...

**A:** Who are the first 3?

**Q:** Father, Son and Holy Ghost?

**A:** Numbers!!!

**Q:** (A) 1 2 3 are the first three prime numbers...

**A:** Yes, thank you Arkadiusz!!!! Laura is dancing around in wonderland, meanwhile all of creation, of existence, is contained in 1, 2, 3!!! Look for this when you are trying to find the keys to the hidden secrets of all existence... They dwell within. 11, 22, 33, 1/2, 1/3, 1, 2, 3, 121, 11, 111, 222, 333, and so on! Get it?!?!

**Q:** When you say that the secrets of all existence dwell within 1 2 3 or variations thereof, what kind of secrets are we talking about here?

**A:** All.

**Q:** Well, name two at the top of the list just so I know where we are going here?

**A:** You can do that!

**Q:** Are we talking about secrets of physics?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are we talking about secrets as in encoded words?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are we talking about the Fibonacci series?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Continuous fractions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) That means all...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, how can we most effectively utilize this information in some way that makes it useful?

**A:** You have.

**Q:** How have I utilized it?

**A:** By receiving it.

**Q:** Speaking of three... should we continue on this Medusa subject at this point?

**A:** You are beginning to obsess. The answers lie within the finished painting, not within the paintbrushes.

**Q:** Okay. Next: On this subject of 'looking for the frequency of light,' the 'undreamed of treasures in Rhineland,' and needing a better 'handl' on it. I came to the conclusion that it might be Liechtenstein because of the 'handle of a stein' and Liecht is light in German, so we have the frequency of light with a handle on it, or Liechtenstein. And, in this place there is a little town called Triesen.

**A:** What does stein mean, is it "written in stone?"

**Q:** Stein as in 'grail,' and stone as in 'philosopher's.' So, maybe we are getting close.

**A:** What does Einstein mean?

**Q:** 'One stone.' And a stein is a cup and a stone at the same time. So, Triesen is in the 'beautiful countryside between the Rhine and the alpine world.' There is an alp called Lawena, nearby Lake Constance, and the Swiss canton of St. Gallen. You said something about being buried in 'Galle' and this seems to have all the related elements collected together... all the key words... so am I...

**A:** On the right track? It looks good.

**Q:** But how do alfalfa fields connect with all of this? There is nothing about alfalfa? Comment?

**A:** You think there is no alfalfa in the Germanic highland?

**Q:** Well, are we supposed to go to Liechtenstein to find what we are looking for?

**A:** Be patient... clues will progress nicely. Remember the Canary Islands?

**Q:** Yes, I remember. Okay, that takes care of several things. You are talking about bloodlines becoming parasitically infested and harassed at times of quantum leaps such as now, when I was reading back over this, it seems that this is a repeating cycle, this parasitic infestation; and then reading the history of Gregory of Tours, and all of these truly amazing things - lights in the sky, plagues, repeated incidents of aerial phenomena... a 'light like a serpent' in the sky... a bright light and 'snakes fell from the clouds...' in 590, fiery globes traversed the heavens and then an eclipse of the sun. These astronomical phenomena were usually followed by inclement weather which, in its turn, brought plague... is this the kind of parasitical infestation, harassment and so forth that we are talking about here?

**A:** Maybe, look for more clues.

**Q:** Well, do you have a specific point that you would like to toss on me here so that I have an idea of what I am looking for?

**A:** Undulating matrix/mosaic.

**Q:** Well, there is definitely a LOT of that. It is completely amazing what our forebears wrote about that other people just pass off as an overactive imagination. Are we talking about these kinds of things going on nowadays... it seems pretty obvious that it is...

**A:** Wait for more... and good night.

END OF SESSION

