## June 6, 1998
Terry, Jan, Frank, Ark, Laura.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ekokiah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Ark would like to know about this program{ing} project he is involved in. It apparently looks like an impossible task and we would like to know if there is anything you can say that would point him in the right direction?

**A:** Use library resource material for inspirational foundation.

**Q:** In other words, he will find something in a book that will give him a key or a clue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Any other clues other than that? It is a pretty awesome task here...

**A:** Interesting that you are declaring it to be daunting even at beginning.

**Q:** Well, that is just my perception.

**A:** Does one know what the road un-travelled is like?

**Q:** No. What is it? If you don't travel it you don't know. (T) How do you know it is going to be daunting if you don't travel it? (L) Oh, I see! They might be saying that it is going to be a lot easier than we think.

**A:** We are saying: Anticipate not!

**Q:** (A) I will have to decide about whether to take teaching in the fall or hope that this will continue into a new project after this is done?

**A:** Investigate for answer.

**Q:** Well, he will have to fill out the paperwork NOW for the teaching, and if he fills it out, he will HAVE to do it because he will be obligated - and that is why it is important to decide now rather than later.

**A:** So then, what do instincts of Arkadiusz say?

**Q:** His instincts say that he doesn't want to teach because the teaching is killing him, it's killing me, and it would be better to...

**A:** Then?!?

**Q:** Well, we don't want to anticipate that he is gonna have this other job and dump the teaching and then find out that we don't have a job!

**A:** If one is being "killed" by something, and one does not wish to be killed... whatever should one do?

**Q:** I know. One doesn't do it. That simple. Okay, now, I was reviewing our Jesus pages for the net, and on the subject of this life of Jesus that you gave, the few details, you mentioned that the biological father of Jesus was an individual named Tonatha. Then, you said that this individual was a member of what you called the 'white sect' also known as Aryans. Aryans are not precisely known as a sect, but what sect is there among Aryans that you were referring to; what is it called?

**A:** White sect.

**Q:** So, they call it the White Sect. Is it like the White Brotherhood?

**A:** Those of fair complexion who wear white robes.

**Q:** (T) We call them KKK here! (L) Similar to the Templars? Is there, for example, a name that they call themselves?

**A:** White Sect.

**Q:** And when they call themselves this, in what language did they create this moniker?

**A:** Aramaic.

**Q:** So, we need to know what it is in Aramaic. What kind of teachings did they follow?

**A:** Similar to the monks of orthodox Christianity.

**Q:** If they were similar to the monks of orthodox Christianity, then the activities of this individual in being the biological father of Jesus, would that not be considered to be breaking one's monkly vows?

**A:** All can be forgiven a singular indiscretion.

**Q:** So, this Mary knew this individual who was, for all intents and purposes, a monk in this sect and the hypnosis was activated and possibly in him also... was he also hypnotized level 1 as you said about her?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** He was a monk and he had taken vows, this event occurred and this child was conceived, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was she also a member of some sort of order?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was she in any way a sort of Temple virgin or did she had spent her whole life preparing to be the vessel for this child?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is it true that the Essene community that was attempting to prepare a vessel for the coming of the messiah, that this was their whole plan, their work?

**A:** No.

**Q:** This sect existed... where was this monastery or group located?

**A:** Near today's Haifa.

**Q:** Where, in fact, was this child born?

**A:** [Many spirals] Nazareth.

**Q:** You have said that he did not travel and receive special teachings, yet that he knew that he was special from the beginning, and that the information was channeled to him. How do I want to phrase this? At what age did he receive this enlightenment?

**A:** Was progressive.

**Q:** So, it went on over a period of time. Did he ever know who his biological father was, that his father was a member of this White Sect... did he know that?

**A:** Vaguely.

{Discussion of genealogy project and bloodlines.}

**Q:** (T) What will Laura find as she tracks the family trees? The bloodline?

**A:** Roadblocks.

**Q:** Well, I have already found plenty of those. (T) What else will she find?

**A:** Frustration.

**Q:** Okay, you have given me all these clues, and told me that I will understand all about bloodlines, and now you are telling me that I will have roadblocks and frustration, so should I just simply drop this?

**A:** Because you would approach it in an improper manner.

**Q:** Should I just drop the whole bloodline thing?

**A:** Why?

**Q:** Well, because you are saying I would approach it in an improper manner, and I am getting roadblocks and frustration, and I certainly don't want that!

**A:** So, find the proper manner.

**Q:** I don't know what you mean by proper manner. What's the proper manner?

**A:** Gradual passage of phases.

**Q:** Is that the proper manner?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Which phases are passing gradually?

**A:** The answer to that is the clue you need most.

**Q:** (T) Phases of what?

**A:** It is the discovery that fosters the learning.

**Q:** So, I will discover these as I go along, I guess. One dot leads to the next dot. The only way to learn is to do it. (A) The original questions was whether we should follow this bloodline research... to what purpose?

**A:** Bloodlines reveal destiny. Why do you think they have been covered up so thoroughly?

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Answer to that is like circumnavigating the interior of a balloon.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Explore all possible angles of that answer.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Now you are reaching...

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Or confusion.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Part of it, but others do not want them to be found much more!

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Some.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** It was der Fuhrer who tried hardest. But not nearly enough.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Find it in order to supercede the very power structure that created him.

**Q:** What power structure was this?

**A:** The "Third Reich."

**Q:** And who created the Third Reich?

**A:** Illuminati.

**Q:** So Hitler thought he could find something that would enable him to take complete control...

**A:** Sort of like a termite trying to vanquish "Orkin."

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Not tried, succeeded!

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** No.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** One of them.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is it in this bloodline that makes it so important to cover it up?

**A:** It would lead directly to verity on a scale never before seen on earth while at 3rd density STS.

**Q:** And what would be the result of this verity?

**A:** The truth shall set you free... as you are imprisoned!

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** There are many possibilities.

**Q:** {Question lost because of tape malfunction.}

**A:** The "main danger" is when on reveals too much before one has enough stature or notoriety, on web pages, for example. [Discussion of repercussions of 'Diana' material on web pages after Diana's death]

**Q:** So, I should be more careful of what I say in regards to the discoveries I have made about the bloodline of Jesus on the 'Jesus' pages on the web?

**A:** Tread lightly.

**Q:** Alright, I will. Where did these bloodlines originate?

**A:** Orion region.

**Q:** For how long were they maintained with any semblance of purity?

**A:** Indefinite.

**Q:** Are you saying that they are still maintaining them and manipulating them from other densities?

**A:** That is for you to discover.

**Q:** Are these bloodlines carrying a specific codon that is designed to activate at a certain period of time or in response to a certain frequency?

**A:** Possibly, but why should not that apply to everyone?

**Q:** Okay, so we have got ticking time bombs in our DNA, all of us!

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Alright, bizarro... (A) It is not necessarily time bombs, these are bombs which could be ignited by something else, like knowledge. (L) Is that the case, that knowledge could unlock these codons?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Certain activities such as meditating?

**A:** Yes. Or... channeling.

**Q:** So, channeling can actually unlock these potentials...

**A:** Enough on your plate for tonight... Good Night.

END OF SESSION

