## May 2, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have this evening with us?

**A:** Ixthorria.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have some questions about this job situation. There is this Kanev, and we spent 4 or 5 hours there yesterday, and it could be something important, but it might be months and months before any money can be made. This is one possibility of making some money. Working with this program that writes web pages. Could we have a two or three word reaction to that?

**A:** Why is it for "next to nothing?"

**Q:** Well, because the two guys who have created this program are just getting started, they haven't marketed it yet, they haven't got it going yet, they have a fledgling company, supposedly, they have a lot of big plans, we don't know all the details, for some people these things work out, for some people they don't. Look at Microsoft!

**A:** Do they expect assistance for a pittance?

**Q:** Yes, that is pretty much what it amounts to.

**A:** One would expect one to question them as to how they expect their assistant, a rare find by the way, to pay the bills?

**Q:** Well, Ark thinks that he can learn something from this program...

**A:** If Ark presses, there will be capitulation, due to Slavic familiarity.

**Q:** These guys don't have anything, I don't think. They are working out of their bedroom in a little shack on a back street in Alachua! What good is pressing them going to do?!

**A:** Ever heard of venture capitalists?

**Q:** Yes, I have, but the thing is that we have to have money THIS month. Venture capitalists and all that are fine and dandy...

**A:** Ask and ye shall receive.

**Q:** Okay...

**A:** Laura, whenever you have asked, you have received!

**Q:** I don't know who to ask!

**A:** So then you never will, yes?

**Q:** No. Okay, there is the other job... the one with Constellation... what about this possibility? Doing some sort of classified pattern recognition, building atomic detectors, or something, and it would be close... and it is basically the Enterprise Florida thing...

**A:** Will hire. Good money.

{They did, it was.}

**Q:** Well, that is funny. You never made predictions before, why now?

**A:** Not a prediction, a fact. You see, as before, we have always assured you that you would be provided for.

**Q:** Well, I would really like to finish the work on the house and I don't have the money to do any more. (Frank develops headache. Pause, discussion about mother.) Okay, since you gave mother advice about going down the primrose path and she did it anyway...

**A:** She is okay.

**Q:** Alright. I don't have enough energy to split myself between this house and responsibilities and her in another location... what about Terry and Jan who are going to be going into the antique business in Tallahassee with another couple of friends of theirs... any comment?

**A:** All there is is lessons.

**Q:** Who was Joseph of Arimathea?

**A:** A disciple of the unibound.

**Q:** What's a 'unibound?'

**A:** Singular thought.

**Q:** What is the unibound?

**A:** Transcendant discipline.

**Q:** And what does one do if one is a participant?

**A:** Up to 96 hours of clear channel meditation.

**Q:** Okay, so Joseph was a disciple of this... is this an individual or a concept?

**A:** Each.

**Q:** What was Joseph's role, if any, in relation to the 'Holy Grail?'

**A:** None.

**Q:** Who created the legends of the Holy Grail and Joseph of Arimathea bringing it to a) France, or b) England? Who was behind the creating of this group of legends?

**A:** Not a group of legends.

**Q:** Why was the 12th century the focal point for the propagation of the grail legends, the troubadours, the whole thing?

**A:** Beginning of "Renaissance."

**Q:** The story is, and there are even some very old legends in France itself, that there are caves or places where Joseph and Mary Magdalene spent the night, or lived, or whatever. Did Joseph of Arimathea actually travel to France and then to England later, with Mary Magdalene or other followers of Jesus?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did he travel to France alone?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What is the source of these stories? What is the point of these stories?

**A:** Deflection.

**Q:** Deflection of what to what or from what?

**A:** Truth from recipient.

**Q:** Okay. Did somebody travel to France carrying some sort of object, or a person who was this 'object,' so to speak, as the 'holy bloodline,' or whatever?

**A:** Maybe it was carried by those most capable.

**Q:** And who would be those most capable?

**A:** Check the geographic link.

**Q:** I am getting completely confused. I don't have a single clue about what is going on here or even what we are talking about now!

**A:** Where are the Pyrenees?

**Q:** On the border between France and Spain.

**A:** Who lives there?

**Q:** The Basques, among others. Is that who we are getting at? Or the Alchemists? These beings....

**A:** Close.

**Q:** The Rosicrucians? So, what does that have to do with this bloodline and Holy Grail business, and Joseph of Arimathea and Mary Magdalene... I mean, did Mary Magdalene exist as a person?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was she the wife of Jesus?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did Jesus have a wife?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who was his wife?

**A:** Anatylenia.

**Q:** Who was this person?

**A:** The wife of Jesus.

**Q:** What was her background, her nationality?

**A:** Nazarene.

**Q:** Does that mean that she was from the east?

**A:** Possibly, if viewed that way.

**Q:** Did they have any children?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How many?

**A:** Three.

**Q:** What was the family name?

**A:** Marnohk.

**Q:** What did his wife do when he ascended into the state of hyperconsciousness which you have previously described?

**A:** Awaited her turn to transition.

**Q:** Did she continue to live in the same general area, or did she move to Europe.

**A:** Same.

**Q:** So, all these stories being made up about all these people and dramatic scenarios...

**A:** It is not the people but the message, the artifacts hold the key.

**Q:** What artifacts? Where are these artifacts?

**A:** France, Spain, Canary Islands and Morocco.

**Q:** What kind of artifacts are they? Things that still exist?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there any possibility that I am going to be able to find out about, or even actually FIND these artifacts?

**A:** Of course!!

**Q:** Does anyone else know about these artifacts?

**A:** Others are "on the trail."

**Q:** Is one of these artifacts the 'Virgin of Candelaria' that appeared in the Canary Islands?

**A:** Related.

**Q:** Okay, well, I haven't learned anything about Morocco yet...

**A:** Best to get "on the trail of..."

**Q:** On the trail of what? Trail of the Lonesome Pine, Trail of the Assassin... the Assassini?

**A:** Look for major conjunctions.

**Q:** Any more clues you want to give on that? Are we supposed to actually physically go to these places?

**A:** What does "Casablanca" mean in Spanish?

**Q:** White House.

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** Related to the White House in Washington?

**A:** On the trail...

**Q:** You once said something about 'undreamed of treasures buried in Alfalfa fields in Rhineland.' I have puzzled over this and puzzled over this and gone in ten different directions, and I still don't have a real handle on it. Can you help me out here? Is this related to the crystal skull supposedly in the possession of the Templars that they supposedly buried in Gaul that the Templars had?

**A:** Need a better "handl" on it.

**Q:** George Friedrich? (A) No... (L) Well that is a funny spelling. You also said something about records being in the Hague. How am I supposed to check records in the Hague? The only way is to go there...

**A:** Travel for you is okay in small doses.

**Q:** We have our psychomantium built. I am of the opinion that the candle must be obscured completely and you should only be able to see the black depth of the mirror. If you put the candle in front, all you see is the candle... you see the candle light on the walls. You said very plainly: clear depth, indirect lighting only, that nothing ought to be seen, no walls, no reflection, nothing. Frank says that we should put the candle in front.

**A:** Must be able to distinguish mirror.

**Q:** Okay, that is gonna be difficult.

**A:** Try the swivel mirror.

**Q:** Well, Ark says that it is not wide enough - it is too narrow. He didn't like it.

**A:** Try it. If straight on, and tilted upward, should work.

**Q:** How long is it gonna take me... can you give me an estimate? Say, a theoretical person like myself, in my position, condition, and all things considered, how long would it take that person to see something?

**A:** As soon as their psyche is clear of anticipation/prejudice.

**Q:** With me, that could be a LOOOOONG time!

**A:** Or it could be a short time.

**Q:** Yes, but you have given me such a build up over the last couple of years - that seems impossible...

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, it is gonna be hard...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about this first job - should I spend time in this HTML business? (L) I think you should tell them that you have to do something that will pay or you won't do it. Either they will decide to hook up with somebody they can pay, or they won't.

**A:** But they feel more familiar with Ark.

**Q:** What does them feeling familiar have to do with anything?

**A:** Trust.

**Q:** So, maybe that means they will pay you. I don't know.

**A:** Why do you suppose?

**Q:** I don't know and I am too tired to think right now.

**A:** Okay then, goodbye.

END OF SESSION

