## May 14, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Votorr

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We received a letter from Blue {Resonant Human}. He says he is going to Egypt on Friday and has apparently a chance of going and investigating some of the archaeological business going on over there. He wanted to know if there was any particular travel advice you might have for him?

**A:** Just beware of the dangers inherent to being an American in Egypt.

**Q:** Are Americans not very popular in Egypt at this time?

**A:** They are popular with most, but decidedly unpopular with a few.

**Q:** Anything in particular about what is going on with the pyramid, the purported preparations to open the door in the shaft, the supposed discovery of chambers under the Sphinx... What exactly IS going on there?

**A:** That would be long and complex. Best to refer to Cayce.

**Q:** So, what Cayce had to say is what is going on?

**A:** Essentially.

**Q:** Why are the Egyptian authorities being so uncooperative?

**A:** Mostly protective for politically motivated reasons.

**Q:** Can you offer any particular advice for Blue while he is in the pyramid itself?

**A:** Pyramid is slow to give up secrets to those looking directly.

**Q:** So, if you don't look for anything in particular?

**A:** Maybe one should also gaze skyward.

**Q:** Okay. Can you offer any...

**A:** Stay in groups where heavily guarded by armed authorities. Avoid foods if not aware of site of preparation.

**Q:** Is he going to have any problems?

**A:** Minor unless cautious.

**Q:** Is he going to make any interesting or amazing discoveries there?

**A:** Minor unless not cautious.

**Q:** Is he going to have any internal enlightening experiences there?

**A:** Suggest not to anticipate for best results.

**Q:** Is there any particular thing he should look for while surveying these sites?

**A:** Open mind. Problem with D\*\*\* has been too prejudicial.

**Q:** He is too prejudicial?

**A:** Has been. Too anticipatory.

**Q:** So, should he just relax, enjoy, have a good time, stay aware, and be ready for any experience of something new?

**A:** Expect nothing, then not disappointed.

{Personal questions/answers redacted. Without context, they are meaningless, and context is private.}

**Q:** The other night {my youngest daughter, aged 9} thought she saw a ghost. Did she?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who was it?

**A:** Arnold Bailey.

**Q:** What was Arnold Bailey doing walking through my living room?

**A:** Exploring.

**Q:** Does he have any connection with this house or did he just drop in?

**A:** Connection.

**Q:** Why did he suddenly decide to explore here?

**A:** Worked here.

**Q:** Did he just recently die?

**A:** No. 1953.

**Q:** Is he happy with his explorations?

**A:** Neutral.

**Q:** Is he going to cause any problems?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is he going to continue to hang around?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Is he responsible for making the clock chime? {A mantel clock that belonged to my great, great-grandfather, and which had a completely severed spring, had suddenly begun to tick and chime.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Why haven't we seen him before?

**A:** Construction.

**Q:** So the work {on the house} is what woke him up or disturbed him?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Is it the change in the geometry of the house?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Anything about this situation I ought to know?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are we going to do any traveling this year?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Am I an unnatural person because I don't really feel that I want to visit my mother?

**A:** Mother/daughter issues abound in this grouping.

**Q:** What is the main conflict in these mother/daughter issues?

**A:** Resentment/rebellion.

**Q:** Why does there seem to be so much resentment and rebellion here? I try to be understanding and patient. What do I need to learn?

**A:** Patience.

**Q:** I thought I was. Can you give me any advice about the psychomantium? I try to not try and it is pretty hard. I mean, my eyeballs fall out of my head. Should I change my breathing?

**A:** Meditate, do not anticipate.

**Q:** When you say that, do you mean that I should not anticipate being able to SEE something?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, I feel pretty stupid doing that. I mean, the obvious reason one goes into a dark room with a mirror and a candle is to SEE something! It's kind of hard to sit there and NOT think about seeing something when you are in a room that is obviously designed to SEE something!

**A:** No. Meditate; clear head.

**Q:** Anything else this evening?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Thank you.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

