
## September 12, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura, Chloe, TomK

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Zonah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Do you have any remarks on our wedding today?

**A:** It was a grand affair.

**Q:** (L) It wasn't so grand. (C) Depending on what you consider grand! (L) Well, thank you very much. I assume that you guys were present?

**A:** No, we were at Wal-Mart!

**Q:** (L) We got a live one tonight! Alright, what was the Blue Light special?

**A:** That is at K-Mart.

**Q:** (L) Sorry. Alright, on with the questions. On the subject of supernovas; I have discovered that three of the supernovas of antiquity which have been discovered and time estimated by the remnants, if they were not observed, occurred in or near Cassiopeia at very interesting points in history.

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (L) Well, one of these periods in history was around 1054. This is a very interesting time. It just so happens that there are no European records of this supernova which was recorded by the Chinese, Japanese, and perhaps even the Koreans. Yet, there are no European records. What happened to the European records?

**A:** Europe was in a "recovery mode" at the "time."

**Q:** (L) Recovery from what?

**A:** Loss of civilized structure due to overhead cometary explosion in 564 AD.

**Q:** (C) There were certain historical facts you picked up, so that doesn't make sense to me. (L) On the other hand it might, because there is some stuff from Gregory of Tours that is real bizarre. What effect did this have on the civilized structure? Was it a direct effect in terms of material, or did it have effects on people causing them to behave in an uncivilized and barbaric way?

**A:** Well, the burning fragmentary shower ignited much of the land areas in what you now refer to as Western Europe. This had the results you can imagine, causing the resulting societal breakdown you now refer to as "The Dark Ages."

**Q:** (L) Well, it damn sure was dark. There is almost a thousand years that nobody knows anything about!

**A:** Check Irish or Celtic, and French or Gallic records of the era for clues. There were temporary "islands of survival," lasting just long enough for the written word to eke out.

**Q:** (L) Okay, when reading about the Great Nebula in Orion, there is a kite shaped area adjacent to the Horsehead Nebula. I wondered if there was any relation between this and your previous mention of kites. Are we looking at something in that particular area of the sky that is going to go supernova?

**A:** For supernova, look to the "foot."

**Q:** (L) Rigel.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) Is the binary system in the eye of the Gorgon in the constellation Perseus, which is a star named Algol, one which contains a star and a black hole?

**A:** Quasars determine these.

**Q:** (L) I once asked you if Isabel the Fair and Roger de Mortimer had a child while in France and you replied, 'no.' I have recently been researching this period and it seems that, during the year in question, they were both in residence in the Tower of London... he as a prisoner, and she was ostensibly recovering from the birth of her fourth and last child. She was in residence for over a year and declined her husband's invitations to move to any of their other residences. In fact, I don't think they even saw each other for over a year. Now, I am wondering if a child was born as a result of their interactions while in the Tower?

**A:** That could be the case, if you research tryst catecomb.

**Q:** (L) Well, it just happens to be that this was 1325, the year of the birth of my mysterious 'Knyght' ancestor. (C) I would like to ask a question. Immediately after, or shortly after, the death experience, do people tend to experience that which they have been led by their beliefs to expect?

**A:** Essentially, yes, but some people do not know, or presuppose anything of this. Therefore, for these souls, the experience is "purer."

**Q:** (C) What is the purer experience? What do they experience when they have no presupposition?

**A:** What have you heard about this?

**Q:** (C) A tunnel of light... a tunnel, a bright light, a loving being, and...

**A:** Wait... what about seeing one's "body?"

**Q:** (C) Okay, the first thing would be drifting above and seeing the body, and then seeing a tunnel and the light.

**A:** Yes, but there is not always a "loving being" awaiting. That is part of the presuppository material.

**Q:** (C) What was Tommy's experience? \[Chloe’s deceased husband\]

**A:** Well, we must caution you that for those who presume "nothingness," there is usually a transitory period of total unconsciousness for preparatory and readjustment to 5th density purposes.

**Q:** (C) So, if you don't presuppose something, then you are just unconscious. (L) Or, if you presuppose nothingness, then... (C) Right, but that really surprises me because he had his own faith, but he did have a certain amount of faith. But...

**A:** Subject was unconscious prior to transition.

**Q:** (C) Oh, I see. That is what I thought. The doctor thinks he had an arrythmia and his blood pressure dropped so low he passed out. Okay, what happens when a person has gone through what they have presupposed and experienced that, and are ready to go on to what really happens, THEN what happens?

**A:** Dreamlike state gradually merges with reality.

**Q:** (C) And what is the reality?

**A:** Entrance into 5th density.

**Q:** (C) What is that like?

**A:** Well, what do you think it is like, my dear?

**Q:** (C) Well if I say what I think it is like, then I am presupposing.

**A:** No, not necessarily.

**Q:** (L) When you are in 5th density, are you merged with your various soul essences so that you can perceive all of your extensions into other realities at different points in 'space-time,' and are you in...

**A:** That would be quite a kick in the butt, do you not think?

**Q:** (L) In what sense? You once said that when you are in 5th density that you are in a condition of 'timeless understanding.'

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And that you see and perceive in this timeless understanding condition, like a state of pure consciousness. Is that so?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Do you feel happiness, do you feel... well, I guess feel is the wrong term because you don't have anything to feel with...

**A:** Full range of emotional responses in profound clarity.

**Q:** (L) Would one say that being at 5th density was a pleasant experience, or just an intense one?

**A:** Intense, but not as you would imagine this.

**Q:** (C) I assume that it is intense without the negative aspects, that it would be good...

**A:** No. Negativity, yes that is there, but there is not the underlying fear of physiological damage that one perceives in third density due to genetic body response through hormonal brain swarms.

**Q:** (C) Okay, so what does one do in everyday life once one has become adjusted to 5th density?

**A:** "Everyday life" does not apply.

**Q:** (C) Take it as a term. (L) In other words, what does one do in 5th density? (C) Yeah, what is one's activity?

**A:** Consider it a sort of timeless pondering learning.

**Q:** (C) Do different people learn different things?

**A:** Of course, according to one's karmic resonance profile.

**Q:** (C) What is the mechanism of learning?

**A:** Natural attractive growth balance.

**Q:** (L) I guess it is just a finding of balance. (C) So, it is not a mental learning that we do here, but a sort of consciousness absorbing. Kind of like what we would like to do here, sleep on a book and absorb it? (L) Is that a good analogy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Help us out here. I liked it!

**A:** Well, Laura, picture a 5 dimensional screen.

**Q:** (L) I can't. I can't picture anything 5 dimensional.

**A:** Okay, then now you know what we are up against in the explanatory mode here!

**Q:** (C) But it is a sort of automatic transmission? (L) Or automatic function?

**A:** The interesting thing is the timelessness. This is why very recently "departed" souls are often "seen" by their loved ones, imparting incredible knowledge. There have even been cases where two souls were involved in 3rd density traumas together, and one instructs the other to go back, as it "is not your time yet."

**Q:** (C) So, that is how that one would know to tell the other, the timelessness factor, it was their 'time' and they got it immediately, so it would seem that for some people it is an instantaneous transition to 5th density. What determines a person's ability to cross into 5th density and assimilate the new state easily?

**A:** Vague.

**Q:** (C) It is a difficult question.

**A:** Re-ask please.

**Q:** (C) I am trying to re-form my question. (L) When such a case occurs, what distinguishes the one who is able to say 'go back, it's not your time' ...

**A:** Chloe ask.

**Q:** (L) Sorry, I'll shut up. (C) We have discussed the people who have presuppositions and who have played out the experiences they expect. What mind-set, or what presupposition should a person have to adapt most quickly and easily to the reality of 5th density?

**A:** Well, that is in itself a presupposition. But, let us just say an open-minded researcher would do best. But all do well ultimately.

**Q:** (L) When Sandra had her cardiac arrest. It was 20 minutes before the paramedics got there, so she was brain dead even when they revived her and put her on life support. I was at the hospital talking to her and trying to bring her back. I gave her Reiki and everything. So, we decided to ask if we could communicate with her and the C's said they would have to step aside for us to talk to her. We talked to her, and it was a very convincing conversation. But, at the time we were talking to her, she said something about a radio station and news in New Zealand and that we would hear soon and something about 'don't hurt the young girl!' She told me several things that convinced me that it was really her that we were communicating with, even though her body was still technically alive down at the hospital on total life support. I asked her if she was going to come back and she said no. I asked her why, and she said that she was having too much fun and when was the last time I remembered her to have fun, which was the truth. I asked her what it was like there. She told me that it was like a school. I asked what she was learning and she said that there was no way to explain and she could not tell me, but that we are in a certain class when we are in the body and a different one when out. As it turned out, we heard the next day about the lunatic in New Zealand who was shooting up all those people in Port Arthur Australia, and this was her reference to someone hurting a little girl. As I understand it, there was a little girl hiding behind a tree. So, she could SEE this business going on at the same time she was talking to us. She exclaimed about it even. It was a bizarre little conversation. (C) So, already she was there. (L) Indeed. (F) And she did say 'I'm not coming back.' (L) Yup. She said 'no way!' She said things that were so characteristic of her mode of expression that it was like when we were conversing with Keith just after he died and I was completely convinced it was him because of the way he was playing with words in the same way he did when alive. He loved puns and he was using them right and left. (C) Okay, we have done the ouija board a couple of times in NC and have asked to speak to Tommy and got some information. Were we, indeed, speaking to Tommy at that time?

**A:** You know when you are.

**Q:** (L) I guess you would KNOW if you had and would not have to ask the question. (C) Well, it sounded like him. Can we talk to him now?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (C) Why not?

**A:** He does not occupy the necessary level at your confluence. You see, one on 5th density must shift contemplation frequency to communicate with 3rd density, even through a medium such as this. Best results are achieved when the souls are recently "departed," as then you are most likely to play a big part in the contemplation process. This is because of the intensity of frequency modulation coming from those "left behind."

**Q:** (C) Okay, that makes sense. (L) It does? (C) Well, when the soul has just passed over they are closer to their third density mentality and frequency, and it is easier for them. (L) And it is better not to bother them after because you don't want to hold them at that frequency. (C) Right! And, I guess that the intensity of the frequency modulation comes from the person who is drawing them. I told him to go and not hang around. (L) Yeah, you don't want them to hang around. (C) Okay, I guess that is pretty much my questions. (A) Okay, I want to ask about the nature of this communication that these Russian scientists were observing. What is the nature of it. Is it really instantaneous, or is it just very fast?

**A:** What is gravity really, Arkadiusz?

**Q:** (A) It is a kind of a structure which structures space and time.

**A:** Close, but no cigar.

**Q:** (L) That is a little touchy thing to say right now guys!

**A:** We are timeless, so therefore, timely as well!! Gravity is the foundation of all material existence. Therefore, gravity waves are of instantaneous imprint, as they rule all time in extant by nature.

**Q:** (A) But I am confused because if gravity waves are instantaneous, then how come we are waiting for a gravity wave that is coming...

**A:** The instantaneous nature of it is that which is perceived if one has the necessary equipment. After all, you know by now that gravity has the feature of "bending" time, space, light, etc.

**Q:** (A) So the wave that is supposed to come is NOT instantaneous. (L) Are you talking about The Wave? (A) The Wave. (L) I don't think they ever said it was a gravity wave.

**A:** Correct Laura.

**Q:** (L) If I remember correctly, they said it was a wave of 'hyperkinetic sensate.'

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What does hyperkinetic sensate mean?

**A:** Your being merging with hyperspatial energy.

**Q:** (L) Cool!

**A:** Matter/antimatter. One features atomic particle based matter, the other features pure energy in conscious form. Gravity is the balancing binder of it all.

**Q:** (C) I have always seen energy as atomic.

**A:** That is material energy.

**Q:** (A) I want to go back to this Russian experiment. I asked what was the nature of the effect that they observed, and the answer was that it was a gravity wave that they expected. And it was the result of impact of a comet on Jupiter. Now what was so particular about this impact? Does every impact create a gravity wave?

**A:** There was nothing so particular about that, except that their instrumentation was trained on the event.

**Q:** (A) Does it mean that every impact creates a gravity wave?

**A:** Every outburst of energy.

**Q:** (C) Creates a gravity wave?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Where does energy burst out of?

**A:** Collision.

**Q:** (L) Collision between what and what? (C) Physical bodies?

**A:** And/or atomic particles. Remember your microdynamic/macrodynamic matrix. Laura was approaching the concept in the "Noah Syndrome."

**Q:** (L) Approaching doesn't get you there! So, when there is an approach between bodies, there is an interaction or exchange, and this exchange produces a gravity wave?

**A:** What happens when you strike two rocks together?

**Q:** (L) There is a vibration. A jarring. Depending on the rocks, one may crush the other. There is heat. There can be sparks, depending on the rocks. (C) You tear off, or knock off some particles. (L) Yeah, electrons.

**A:** Hmmm... magnetization... hmmm...

**Q:** (C) We're making them think! (L) Sure we are. (A) Well, when you are striking rocks together, some atoms come pretty close one to another and they try to interpenetrate and probably... (C) Well, does it produce a gravity wave? Sounds like a collision to me. They said any collision.

**A:** Supercollider...

**Q:** (C) Are they saying that if you put two small objects together, to produce gravity, or that you have to have a supercollider? (L) So, if you put them in a supercollider and they impact, are you creating a gravity wave, even a small one? Or are you creating gravity when the sparks fly?

**A:** We would suggest you munch a little on the food for thought.

**Q:** (A) Okay, they don't want to continue this problem. (L) In the middle of the night the other night as I was going to sleep, I thought of something that you guys once said about the Denver airport, TDARM, that both sides can use airports and that the meaning was 'much, much deeper than that.' It made me think of what you had said before about planets and stars being windows or doorways. Is it possible that there are points in deep recesses or underground places of our planet where one can enter a portal and emerge through a portal on another planet or system. Are the centers of planets and stars the emergences of wormholes or something?

**A:** If utilized as such.

**Q:** (C) So it would have to be intentional. Is anyone utilizing them as such?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (A) What is so particular about the center of a planet as opposed to the center of a snowball. Both are balls, one is just a little bit larger than the other. A planet is a big ball, a snowball is a small ball.

**A:** Have you ever tried to melt a planet in your hand?

**Q:** (A) No, because a planet is a little bit bigger than my hand. What is so particular about a planet. It is just a piece of matter like a snowball is a piece of matter.

**A:** Magnetic field gravity profile.

**Q:** (L) What is the magnetic field gravity profile?

**A:** Intensity and... here comes that word... density.

**Q:** (L) Well, off to the side, just what IS at the core of our planet?

**A:** Fluid crystalline gas core.

**Q:** (L) And what is this fluid crystalline gas core composed of?

**A:** Methane and ammonia.

**Q:** (L) How can methane and ammonia be crystalline?

**A:** They can be under the correct magnetic conductivity.

**Q:** (C) Can the condition found at the core be duplicated on the surface of the planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (C) So you couldn't achieve the proper magnetic conductivity?

**A:** Right.

**Q:** (L) What is so particular about methane and ammonia that it composes the core?

**A:** Methane binds to the ammonium crystals.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's the bizarrest thing I ever heard!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, it's right up there in the top ten! (C) Was that the beginning of the formation of the earth when the methane bound to the ammonium crystals?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, how did it get there?

**A:** Methane collected at the core after cooling. Buoyancy is determined by gravitational profile. This is why Jupiter and Saturn, for example, both of which are less dense than the Earth, but have immensely stronger gravitational fields, have atmospheres consisting of ammonia as the dominant gas.

**Q:** (C) There are a lot of different facts there and there must be a conclusion to be drawn from these facts. (L) How does this very strange core in the earth relate to gravity waves?

**A:** Well, the wave is an integral factor of the excitation of the basic substance.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that excitation of these substances produce gravity waves?

**A:** Excitation of the environment produces a wave of the foundational entity of that environment.

**Q:** (L) What is the foundational entity of the environment of this core?

**A:** Same as all others.

**Q:** (L) Well, you have led us in a huge circle here!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I have a problem with this Saturn and Jupiter. If they are less dense, but have stronger gravitational fields. According to what I know their gravitational field is stronger because they are bigger. So, even though they are less dense, they have more mass and their gravitational field is stronger. And that is all.

**A:** Yes this is true.

**Q:** (A) So, what does this have to do with it? (T) Does the methane have anything to do with it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What about the buoyancy?

**A:** Wait a moment. Arkadiusz must be unconfused before we can continue.

**Q:** (A) Well, they said that this is true what I said...

**A:** How does what we said conflict with what you said?

**Q:** (T) They didn't say anything about size. (A) What they say, if they are really gasses then the planet must be bigger, but they say it has a stronger gravity field because of that.

**A:** No, no, no. We did not say it has a stronger gravity field because of that. Review, please!

**Q:** (C) Okay, buoyancy. I guess that if we were to walk on Jupiter or Saturn we would be more or less buoyant than on the Earth? (L) Now wait a minute. We were asking about this core, and we were curious as to how this methane could be at the core because we perceive methane as being 'fluffy,' or buoyant... (C) But it bound to the ammonium crystals... (L) And they said that buoyancy was determined by gravitational profile. Jupiter and Saturn have atmospheres consisting of ammonia as the dominant gas because buoyancy is determined by gravitational profile. (C) What does buoyancy have to do with the binding of methane and ammonia or with the gravitational profile. (L) That is HUGELY confusing! (C) Well, we are getting a lot of facts here and we are not putting them together right. (L) What is the gravitational profile of Jupiter or Saturn, for example, as contrasted to the gravitational profile of the Earth?

**A:** They are much stronger gravitationally.

**Q:** (L) Is this gravitational profile of Jupiter and Saturn related in a direct way to the ammonia?

**A:** Indirectly.

**Q:** (C) Why didn't their ammonia bind with the methane and sink to the core?

**A:** Because density affects buoyancy.

**Q:** (L) The bounce of what?

**A:** The gasses.

**Q:** (L) Why are they less dense?

**A:** Because of their size juxtaposed with their environment relative to their distance from Sol.

**Q:** (L) Why did the impact of the comet Shoemacher-Levy, in this ammonia environment produce these effects that were measured on these instruments by these Russian scientists?

**A:** Ponder based upon what we have given you. Now refer to your knowledge base regarding microdynamic atomic physics.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about this macrodynamics. In microdynamics we have Planck's constant and it is very small, and this is why we have quantum jumps and quantum events in microdynamics. But there is this concept of macrodynamics, perhaps we have probability waves and quantum jumps on a macro scale. This is something which we don't know...

**A:** Yet.

**Q:** (L) I don't like the sound of that! (A) So there is something like Planck's Constant but much bigger that converts on a macro scale?

**A:** Something like that. And if this is food for thought, you have been presented with a veritable feast tonight, so, good-bye.

END OF SESSION
