## April 4, 1998
Frank, Laura, Ark, AH(guest), Alice

{Unless otherwise designated, Laura is asking all questions.}

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yaponil.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** First question tonight: why are there so many depictions of ancient gods with horns on their heads?

**A:** To keep evil spirits at bay. Was symbolism.

**Q:** What was it a symbol of?

**A:** Head is prime chakric entrance route.

**Q:** So, why did they wear horns?

**A:** Symbolism of illustrations only.

**Q:** But what did the horns do?

**A:** Horns like a "picket fence."

**Q:** Obviously a fence is to keep something out. Was this the idea?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did it work?

**A:** We are saying that this is symbolic only. Gods did not really have horns.

**Q:** I know that. That is not the issue I am trying to get at here. The issue is...

**A:** Then why would you ask "did it work?"

**Q:** Well, I wanted to know what it was symbolic of? I wanted to know what was going on behind the symbolism. Now, if I am going to...

**A:** The symbolism represents the imagination of the illustrator.

**Q:** Okay. Just as an aside, what function do horns serve on a deer?

**A:** Protects bucks from head injury during territorial "bucking."

**Q:** Why does the bee symbol appear repeatedly in the ancient literature as a symbol of royalty?

**A:** Pollen.

**Q:** What about the pollen?

**A:** Is alchemical compound.

**Q:** Okay, I get the connection. In the studies of the Triple Goddess, I came across some interesting things. You suggested that I should research the Third Man Theme. I have discovered that the origin of the word 'man' meant a female - the goddess. The oldest word for the male of the species was 'wer' as in 'werewolf.' So, the Third Man Theme could mean actually, the Triple Goddess. Am I correct?

**A:** Close, if viewed through "sheets of rain."

**Q:** Okay. Tracking the Triple Goddess back to the oldest references, we get to KaliMa. There are all kinds of derivations of this name, but the thing that strikes me is the relationship to the goddess Kell, or Kella, as well as to the word kell, Celts, and how this might be transformed into the word 'Cassiopaea.' Can you comment on this?

**A:** Do not the Celts like "kelly" green?!?

**Q:** Yes. So. What does 'green' have to do with it?

**A:** Keep searching... learning is accomplished thusly, and learning is fun!

**Q:** Yes. I know. Okay, if that is related to Celts, then it must also relate to the Goddess 'Car' which would make the 'philosophers of Dancar' the philosophers of the Goddess Car, the equine term for 'mother' being 'dam' which could easily be converted to 'Dan,' not to mention the relation to the Goddess Danae...

**A:** Need now to turn you research to Malta.

**Q:** Oh God! Alright. The three aspects of the goddess: in the story of Perseus, there was Cassiopaea, Andromeda, and Medusa... the three aspects, the mother, the virgin, and the crone. But, in this story, Perseus manages to cut the head off the crone. In other stories, the crone always manages to win. Is there any particular reason why Perseus cuts off the head of Medusa? Was this transposed? Was the Medusa merely another aspect?

**A:** Serpentine.

**Q:** What about serpentine? Representative of the serpent race or the Lizzies?

**A:** Eden.

**Q:** Was the story of Perseus the story of Eden? Was Medusa the representative of the serpent of Eden?

**A:** Not quite.

**Q:** What are you alluding to that I am not getting? I feel that I am out of sync with this conversation.

**A:** Out of sync only occurs when presupposition reigns supreme.

**Q:** Well, it is not reigning supreme. The problem is: in the oldest religions, it is the Goddess, the Mother, the endless sea of potential of unassumed experience that was the Goddess. There was unconditional love in the beginning. But then, the patriarchal view twisted it and it became violent and ugly and restrictive. And, from the patriarchal view came the 'redeeming son' when before, it was the redemption of the Goddess' blood. So, what I want to know is: what happened to create the patriarchal system? How was the Goddess suppressed?

**A:** All has been distorted and suppressed, so why not this?

**Q:** You once mentioned 'Greek Enforcers' who wrote the New Testament. Where did these Greek Enforcers come from?

**A:** Order of Thelon.

**Q:** Never heard of it. On another occasion you called the Nephilim 'enforcers.' Is there any relation between this order of Thelon and the Nephilim?

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** Where is the headquarters of this group?

**A:** Sicinthos.

**Q:** Is that a place? Never heard of it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Okay. Next question: the White Mare Goddess image that prefigured the Omega symbol, what is this related to?

**A:** Transcends.

**Q:** The White Mare transcends something?

**A:** Transcendental.

**Q:** What is the relationship of the White Mare to the symbolism of the knight? The knight on the horse is repeatedly used in alchemical symbolism.

**A:** Rites.

**Q:** One of the rites in question is that the making of the knight involves touching both shoulders with the end of a sword which is actually a symbolic beheading. Why is the knight symbolically beheaded?

**A:** Blast open limitations of encasing spirit in body.

**Q:** Alright, I have been practicing with the psychomantium. I once had a little flash of light. Another time there was the sensation of pressure and of course the rising heat. Are there any actions that I can take that will optimize the process?

**A:** Blacken the room.

**Q:** So, it will help to be in a completely blackened room?

**A:** Oh yes!!

**Q:** So, that will make a difference. You did say that there would be a dramatic change once the psychomantium was in place. Now, I haven't seen any dramatic changes and I am almost afraid to ask because the last time you said something like that I was in an automobile accident!

**A:** That was not the change we were speaking of... We suggest you direct your gaze ahead and a little to the left!

**Q:** On this job situation, we are getting down to the wire, so a clue would be nice...

**A:** All will be well.

**Q:** Well, you can see things we can't. Now, we have an appointment to do the paperwork for the divorce {Ark's}. Anything particular that you would like to mention that might need special attention in this process? Or, is all okay?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** Well, you know, we are spending a fortune on this house. Every day. It is getting ridiculous!

**A:** Yes, which means that the flow increases.

**Q:** Swell! It is EASY for you to say that kind of stuff! You aren't the one adding up the numbers!

**A:** When you spend to progress, you prosper.

**Q:** (A) It's magic. When you spend you create a vacuum...

**A:** No, it is nature.

**Q:** Anything else?

**A:** AH.

**Q:** (AH) Will I sell the house this month? Would it be good to sell it this month?

**A:** One should be careful not to hitch their cart to the wrong horse.

**Q:** (AH) What do you mean by that?

**A:** Analyze.

**Q:** Maybe they are talking about the wrong realtor?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, where she wants to get is to sell her house... (A) Maybe it is the reason for selling the house?

**A:** We have advised before on this.

**Q:** (A) I am hesitating in contacting these government agencies for grants. I am not sure that it is a good idea.

**A:** Why would it hurt?

**Q:** A very quick one for D\*\*\* and VG - apparently VG is on a self-destruct mode... is there anything you can say about this?

**A:** Job.

**Q:** What? Is she this way because D\*\*\* is working in my house?

**A:** He will be better suited when working elsewhere.

**Q:** So, it will serve him better to work elsewhere? Should I let him go and we finish on our own?

**A:** What we said is that he will be...

**Q:** He will be working elsewhere.

**A:** When he is...

**Q:** I don't get it.

**A:** When he is working at a more structured employment location, this will lead to better quarters, thus less familiarity, thus less contempt.

**Q:** Anything that we ought to ask that we have not asked?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Then, good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

