## July 4, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Higurrah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (A) I am trying to write down some things about a cosmology, and I have some questions mainly about the coming events. First there was the story of the sun's companion brown star which is apparently approaching the solar system, and I would like to know, if possible, details of its orbit; that is, how far it is, what is its speed, and when it will be first seen. Can we know it? Orbit: how close will it come?

**A:** Flat elliptical.

**Q:** (A) But how close will it come?

**A:** Distance depends upon other factors, such as intersecting orbit of locator of witness.

**Q:** (L) What is the closest it could come to earth... (A) Solar system... (L) Yes, but which part of the solar system? We have nine planets... which one? (A) I understand that this brown star will enter the Oort cloud... (L) I think they said it just brushes against it and the gravity disturbs it...

**A:** Passes through Oort cloud on orbital journey. Already has done this on its way "in."

**Q:** (A) You mean it has already entered the Oort cloud?

**A:** Has passed through.

**Q:** (A) So, it will not approach...

**A:** Oort cloud is located on outer perimeter orbital plane at distance of approximately averaged distance of 510,000,000,000 miles.

**Q:** (L) Well, 510 billion miles gives us some time! (A) Yes, but what I want to know... this Oort cloud is around the solar system, so this brown star, once it has passed through... (L) It must already be in the solar system? (A) No, it could have passed through and may not come closer. Is it coming closer or not? Is it coming closer all the time?

**A:** Solar system, in concert with "mother star," is revolving around companion star, a "brown" star.

**Q:** (A) So, that means that the mass of the companion star is much...

**A:** Less.

**Q:** (A) Less?

**A:** They are moving in tandem with one another along a flat, elliptical orbital plane. Outer reaches of solar system are breached by passage of brown companion, thus explaining anomalies recently discovered regarding outer planets and their moons.

**Q:** (A) But I understand that the distance that the distance between the sun and this brown star is changing with time. Elliptical orbit means there is perihelion and aphelion. I want to know what will be, or what was, or what is the closest distance between this brown star and the sun? What is perihelion? Can we know this, even approximately. Is it about one light year, or less or more?

**A:** Less, much less. Distance of closest passage roughly corresponds to the distance of the orbit of Pluto from Sun.

**Q:** (A) Okay. Now, this closest pass, is this something that is going to happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) And it is going to happen within the next 6 to 18 years?

**A:** 0 to 14.

**Q:** (A) Okay, that's it. I have some idea about this. Now, I understand that, either by chance or by accident, two things are going to happen at essentially the same time. That is the passing of this brown star, and this comet cluster. These are two different things?

**A:** Yes. Different, but related.

**Q:** (L) Is there a comet cluster that was knocked into some kind of orbit of its own, that continues to orbit...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And in addition to that comet cluster, there are also additional comets that are going to get whacked into the solar system by the passing of this brown star?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I understand that the main disaster is going to come from this comet cluster...

**A:** Disasters involve cycles in the human experiential cycle which corresponds to the passage of comet cluster.

**Q:** (A) I understand that this comet cluster is cyclic and comes every 3600 years. I want to know something about the shape of this comet cluster. I can hardly imagine...

**A:** Shape is variable. Effect depends on closeness of passage.

**Q:** (L) So, it could be spread out... (A) We were asking at some point where it will be coming from. The answer was that we were supposed to look at a spirograph.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Now, spirograph suggests that these comets will not come from one direction, but from many directions at once. Is this correct?

**A:** Very good!!!

**Q:** (A) Okay, they will come from many directions...

**A:** But, initial visibility presents as single, solid body.

**Q:** (A) Do we know what is the distance to this body at present?

**A:** Suggest you keep your eyes open!

**Q:** (A) I am keeping my eyes open.

**A:** Did you catch the significance of the answer regarding time table of cluster and brown star? Human cycle mirrors cycle of catastrophe. Earth benefits in form of periodic cleansing. Time to start paying attention to the signs. They are escalating. They can even be "felt" by you and others, if you pay attention.

**Q:** (L) We have certainly been paying attention to the signs!

**A:** How so?

**Q:** (L) Well, the weather is completely bizarre. The fires, the heat...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I notice that the tides are awfully high all the time with no ostensible explanation...

**A:** And low, too.

**Q:** (L) Yes. I have noticed that particularly. (F) I have too. Not too long ago I noticed that the tides were so incredibly low for this time of year. (L) And also the signs in people - these kids killing their parents, all these people going berserk - you know...

**A:** Spike.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean spike?

**A:** On a graph...

**Q:** (L) Just spikes, not the biggie...

**A:** Spikes are big.

**Q:** (L) Well, from what you are saying about this - I mean how are we supposed to do all these things you say we are supposed to do? I mean, we won't have time!

**A:** Who says?

**Q:** (L) That is kind of what it is sounding like. Unless our lives and experiences escalate in concert with all these other events... (A) I have a last question which I have prepared. So, we have these two physical disasters or events, the coming brown star and the comet cluster, but we have been told that this time it is going to be different because this time it is accompanied by a plane convergence.

**A:** Yes. Magnetic field alteration.

**Q:** (A) This plane convergence, or this magnetic field alteration, it's supposed to be related to realms crossing or passing. A realm border.

**A:** Realm. What is root of "realm?"

**Q:** (L) Reality.

**A:** Yes. How does the magnetic field "plug in?" Other planchette, please. Carbon disturbance, as someone "melted" crystal on top. [We replaced planchette.] We want to stay on this general subject matter through this session, for your sake.

**Q:** (L) Okay, in terms of these signs, these things going on on the planet, these fires and so forth - you never said anything about all these fires in Florida. You said Arizona was going to burn, but you never said Florida was going to burn...

**A:** We did not say it would not.

**Q:** (L) I know. But, it is really oppressive. I have read a couple of signs in the last day or so that we are going to have a change in the weather, a break, is my little method of predicting...

**A:** Reverse extreme?!?

**Q:** (L) Oh! Floods again! Well, I guess floods are better than fires... but, maybe not!

**A:** Italy and Greece are burning too.

**Q:** (L) Yes, we noticed that in the paper today. Is there a relationship between Italy and Greece and where we are on the planet? Some kind of psychic link?

**A:** Just same current malady.

**Q:** (L) Okay, back to the comet cluster and realm border...

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (L) Well, which direction should we take right now?

**A:** Step by step.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you just said we are going to have a reversal in our weather. Are there any other conditions that we should be aware of at the present time?

**A:** Point is to watch, look, listen.

**Q:** (L) When we are watching, looking and listening, is there some particular thing we are supposed to be watching for that is to give us a clue about something?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Is there something we are supposed to do at some point when we perceive a particular clue or event at some point?

**A:** What would you suggest?

**Q:** (L) I don't know that I would suggest anything except to keep a low profile and keep on working until we figure out the answer. It is like a race against time. We have to figure out the answer because, obviously, you are not going to tell us...

**A:** No. No race needed.

**Q:** (L) Well, I sometimes feel completely inadequate for all of this.

**A:** Stop thinking 3rd density!

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't want to just live in LaLa land and say, 'oh yes, I'm watching. I see the signs! I'm looking! I'm listening! And then count them off on my fingers and say: but I'm not gonna think about it because that's 3rd density!' See what I am saying here?

**A:** No, because you are still thinking 3rd density. Better to have a "front row seat," and enjoy!

**Q:** (L) But I feel like I am not supposed to be enjoying myself so much! I feel guilty!

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (L) Well! I'm supposed to be DOING something!

**A:** You are.

**Q:** (A) When you watch, look and listen, you are getting some signals, and these signals cause a certain pattern of thinking which were not yet able to emerge, but now, after you receive certain signals, you start to think in a different way. So, you cannot now think in a different way, but when you learn this and this has happened, then you start to think in a different pattern. So, you cannot now do things, but you always have to be ready to change your thinking at any moment when you understand more, when you see more, when you notice more, when you put things together which are not yet together. Then, there may be a big change of perspective, a total change. And this we have to keep our minds and thinking patterns open and ready to change, and work and put the puzzle and mosaic together. And, this is all that counts. It is this work that we are now doing that counts, not some future big thing: oh! Now we go on a ship! No, it is only doing our best, and what is it? Our best? It will change. I believe so. That is the idea. So, everything depends on this.

**A:** Yes. You see, my dear, you cannot anticipate that which is not anticipatable.

**Q:** (L) Well, swell. Okay, you want to stay on this subject, so let us move another step.

**A:** We are glad you noticed this birth of the spike.

**Q:** (L) Is that a clue? Is this one of those obscure remarks? Yes, I noticed, the kids killing their parents, all the shooting going on, the weather... is this connected in some way to some other event?

**A:** 27 days of record heat out of 30, oh my oh my! Suggest you awaken your internet pals, as they are too busy chasing "goblins" to notice.

**Q:** (L) So, I should have something to say about this?

**A:** In Florida now, where to next? How about a shattering subduction quake in Pacific Northwest of U.S.? We estimate 10.4 on the Richter scale. We have warned of Rainier. Imagine a 150 meter high tsunami in Puget Sound...

**Q:** (L) Does this subduction quake have anything to do with that UFO that buried itself in the Pacific?

**A:** All are interconnected.

**Q:** (L) The information I got on that was that it was about 600 mile north and east of Hawaii. A couple of submersibles were sent down and disappeared or were destroyed or didn't come back... it is supposedly giving off a lot of energy. Any comment?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Should I follow that direction?

**A:** All directions lead to lessons.

**Q:** (L) Now, you have mentioned this earthquake. I know that you don't usually give predictions, why have you done so now?

**A:** We do not give time tables.

**Q:** (L) Anything else other than a tsunami in Puget Sound and a big subduction quake... 10.4 on the Richter scale is almost inconceivable.

**A:** Rainier... caldera.

**Q:** (L) What about the caldera?

**A:** Expect one.

**Q:** (L) Other than floods, anything else for Florida upcoming?

**A:** All areas experience accelerating "freak weather patterns."

**Q:** (L) Okay, all of these freaky weather patterns and bizarre things going on on the planet, how does it relate to the comet cluster and the brown star? Is it related?

**A:** Human experiential cycle intersects.

**Q:** (L) Any specific physical manifestation of either this brown star or this comet cluster or this realm border, that is related to these events on the planet?

**A:** Approach of wave stimulates precursor activity which in turn causes effects which in turn stimulates further "heating up" of activity...

**Q:** (L) I thought it was curious that you used the term 'birth of the spike.' Is there something or someone that was born at that particular time?

**A:** No. Spike is as on a graph...

**Q:** (L) Okay, is there anyway we could graph this ourselves, and if so, what types of events would we include to create the background data?

**A:** "El Nino, La Nina," etc...

**Q:** (L) Is this El Nino thing connected to sunspot cycles?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It has its own cycle. I don't think it has been tracked for long enough to get...

**A:** Global warming, a part of the human experiential cycle.

**Q:** (L) I read where Edgar Cayce said that a slight increase in global temperature would make hurricanes something like 5 times stronger... given a baseline temperature. Does this mean we are going to have stronger and more frequent hurricanes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Will they hit land more frequently, or just spin out in the ocean?

**A:** Either, or.

**Q:** (L) Does this quest I have been on, this bloodline and grail business, does that have any connection with this cycle business?

**A:** Only indirectly.

**Q:** (L) Is that something that I should put aside for the time being and work on something else?

**A:** You may do as you wish, just keep one eye and one ear tuned to current events. And, very important, log dreams. Arkadiusz too!

**Q:** (L) Is there going to be some communication to us through our dreams?

**A:** Visions.

**Q:** (L) Where will these visions originate from?

**A:** Ether.

**Q:** (L) On this project Ark is working on, I have the feeling that there is going to be some way that he can utilize this information to be able to analyze or read the crop circles. You once said that this was an important area to investigate. Is this something that we should continue to pursue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What about the building of the pool you suggested. Is that something that is essential or useful?

**A:** Not essential, but very helpful.

**Q:** (L) Is that something we should do where this house is, or should we hold off on that... well, we have to hold off anyway for financial reasons...

**A:** Let them direct you.

**Q:** (L) Let who direct us?

**A:** Finances.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of which, are the finances going to be alright.

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) You just love to say that! My night would not be complete if I didn't get a 'wait and see.' Now we have to have an 'open' and an 'up to you.'

**A:** Okay, open and up to you.

**Q:** (L) My night is complete now! Now, when you were talking about the weather changing from one extreme to another, were you talking in a past sense or future sense?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) Now, we want to ask about this 'Zeta Talk' web material.

**A:** Specifics.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we wanted to know if it was a legitimate source but corrupted by a lot of noise, or if it is a major disinformation campaign?

**A:** Not legitimate.

**Q:** (L) What is the energy behind this woman who claims to channel these Zetas?

**A:** Ego.

**Q:** (L) Well, from what I read, it is pretty much an amalgamation of stuff from other sources... I mean, there was nothing that would validate it as higher density material... there was stuff from Sitchin, Velikovsky, Cayce... there is nothing there she couldn't have gotten from other sites. Ra, our stuff...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it is just a mishmash of all this stuff along with erroneous stuff that must have come right out of her own head.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And, there is a huge amount of garbage coming out of her own head...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) But, as Ark pointed out, it is a very well organized site, mirror sites, she obviously has supporters and fans and all of that.

**A:** Any one seeking this can accomplish it. Do you really believe the "Zetas" would expend energy warning humans about impending earth changes?

**Q:** (L) Well, if they wanted humans to perceive the gray aliens as the good guys they would! That's what occurs to me when I think about it.

**A:** How much energy do you expend warning squirrels about fires?

**Q:** (L) Okay, point taken. None. Is there anything else that we should ask that we haven't asked, any subject...

**A:** To be continued... Good Night.

END OF SESSION

