## December 12, 1998
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Fiberroh.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** For openers, I noticed on our astronomy program that the spelling of Cassiopaea differs when referring to the remains of the supernovae as opposed to the constellation; and, in fact, the spelling of the deep sky object is very much like the spelling you use. I wonder if there is a relation to the fact that you spell it as the deep sky object is spelled?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** Well, while we are on the subject of spelling, you DO use unusual spelling from time to time, though normally you are very good spellers. What rules direct your spelling since it is not always according to modern usage?

**A:** No rules, just clues, as allways.

**Q:** Does this refer also to the way you spell 'germain'? When you say 'it is not germain,' you spell it differently from the way someone would spell it if just saying that something is not relevant.

**A:** Tis French, as in clue to be.

**Q:** Now, in reference to your question to me: 'where is Arcadia,' that I need to look at this some more, I was reading in Gregory of Tours' History of the Franks, and he was recounting that the Franks who colonized along the Rhine in the area about which we are seeking clues, came from an area called Pannonia. I looked up Pannonia. It is in Eastern Austria and crosses the border into Hungary. In Pannonia there are vineyards. It is a very famous grape growing and wine making area. A statement from the 4th century says: 'Pannonia is a land rich in all resources and fruits, beasts and commerce.' Pannonia is also the location of an interesting lake. The lake is called Neusiedl, or 'New Town.' This is the only 'steppe lake' in all of Europe. It is only six feet deep at it's deepest point and is a giant, shallow sweet body of water surrounded on the Eastern bank by marshlands, numerous salty ponds and pools. Apparently, this place produces a very fine environment for grapes and wine, in particular a type of wine called 'Eiswein.' This Eiswein is called 'The treasure of liquid gold.' It says here: 'the production of Eiswein remains the winemakers ultimate challenge.' Only a small amount of this wine is produced. Etomologically speaking, Pannonia is probably named after the God 'Pan,' and that derived from Sylvanus, the 'Shepherd God.' So, all in one spot, we have shepherds, a wine called liquid gold, a lake called Neusiedl, and an 'Arcadian environment.' Can you tell me if there is any particular significance to my discovery of the terms relating to this area from whence came the Franks to the Rhineland? Is this, in fact, Arcadia?

**A:** Arcadia is a crossroads for the one Essene, the Aryan one of Trent.

**Q:** Can you clarify that for me?

**A:** We can, but shall not.

**Q:** Is the fact that we have had some eggnog this evening going to be detrimental?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Can you comment on Pannonia in general? Is it in any way significant? This lake Neusiedl?

**A:** Eiswein: Eisenstadt.

**Q:** Any further comment?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Now, I was preparing these genealogies to print for Christmas and, while waiting for them to print, I wondered who would be last if one started at the present and worked backward... not specifically in terms of time, but in terms of generations. I wondered WHO the tree would end with. Well, it ended with the Frankish King Clovis. So, I wondered about your use of the term 'cloverdale,' and how it might relate to Clovis. Is it a deliberate or accidental connection?

**A:** Your quest is your own. We do not "steer." We supply the mortar, you are the Masoness.

**Q:** Well, I don't know how to take that! I mean, the Masons could be the most evil organization in existence! BRH thinks so.

**A:** Such judgements miss the point, if there are keys stored within the envelope.

**Q:** Well, on that subject, BRH really hates being in the body. He thinks that he is here by mistake...

**A:** Nonsense. He is depressed, but it is the way for those who are to take another step.

**Q:** So, he is in process of taking another step. Well, his question was, and he was frustrated by this, and it is a good point, I think, that if we have so many incarnations, and all there is is lessons, why can't we remember them. Why do we seemingly have to start over and over again. What is the cause of the forgetting? By this conscious forgetting, do we lose our ability to navigate from one life to the next? Why can't we remember previous lives?

**A:** You do, at the subconscious level. And it is at that level where the balancing to be derived from the lessons is most needed!

**Q:** Is there any other reason for the forgetting?

**A:** DNA strand structured.

**Q:** Alright, I found this article on the net called 'Hidden History of Jesus and the Holy Grail' written by Sir Laurence Gardiner, KT etc., author of 'Bloodline of the Holy Grail,' transcribed from a lecture given at 'The Ranch' in Yelm, Washington. What he says is that he had been appointed historian and 'sovereign genealogist' to 33 royal families... he was putting together written chronological accounts of things these families knew the substance of, but not the details.

He talks about the fact that Jesus was married and that he had heirs and that this was discussed in the published papers of Mary, Queen of Scots, and in the papers of James II of England. He says:

'I began this work with separate commissions from separate families, doing work on these genealogies. What happened was they began to converge. It became very apparent, and it took a long time, because genealogies have to be done backwards, put together backwards, and constructed backwards; but what was happening was that a triangle from a large top base with numerous family lines, was pulling to a point. I suddenly realized what this point was and I said 'wow! do you realize what I have found here?' and they said 'oh, you know, the father of so and so,' and I said 'oh, no, no, what I am finding is that this comes out of the house of Judah in the first century.' And they said: 'yeah, we know all that, what we wanted you to do was blah blah blah.'

So, he says that he had access to Celtic Church records dating back to 37 A.D., the very documents that the Knights Templar brought out of Europe in 1128 and confronted the Church establishment with, and frightened the life out of them because these were documents that talked about bloodlines and genealogies. Blah blah blah. Before I go on, this guy says that all these family lines go back to the house of Judah. Do they actually have written genealogies back to the house of Judah connecting the royal families of Europe to this house?

**A:** Somewhere, maybe.

**Q:** Did Jesus descend from the house of Judah?

**A:** Is it important really?

**Q:** I don't know. I am building a basis for further questions.

**A:** You need not build bases.

**Q:** In other words, this guy is just blowing more smoke over the issue? I think he is blowing smoke.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** You are agreeing with me that he is blowing a lot of smoke?

**A:** Perhaps.

**Q:** It seems to me that if what he was saying was true, that he certainly would not be allowed to say it. It's based on and converges with all the stories they are telling about Rennes-le-Chateau and seems to be more smokescreen. Anyway, Mike has questions. (M) You said that this place over Rennes-le-Chateau was a window. What is a window? (L) Now, I realize that we have all assumed that we know what a window is, but we have never really asked for a definition. Could you define for us a 'window?

**A:** Convergence; opening to alternative states via energy grid points.

**Q:** Are windows where you can pass back and forth? Moving between realms?

**A:** It is possible.

**Q:** How does a window differ from a 'portal?'

**A:** Window is open, portal is crafted.

**Q:** A window is naturally occurring portal?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Does a window remain open all the time, or does it open and close for various reasons.

**A:** Closer to latter.

**Q:** What determines its opening and closing?

**A:** Frequency.

**Q:** Frequency of what?

**A:** Energy patterns.

**Q:** Frequency patterns of the area itself, or of people, or of people in interaction with the area?

**A:** Former.

**Q:** What could occur to change the frequency of the area?

**A:** EM pulse.

**Q:** Where do these EM pulses originate from?

**A:** They are transmutable.

**Q:** Transmutable from what?

**A:** Not online.

**Q:** What?

**A:** Your assumptions get you lost.

**Q:** What does it mean when you say 'EM pulses are transmutable?'

**A:** We will not answer these rapid fire inquiries as they abridge learning.

**Q:** I suggested that one of the things you may have meant by suggesting, last week, an investigation of pyrotechnics, might be as simple as finding where, on the planet, are the highest number of lightning strikes, and that these might indicate foci of grid points. Would this be, in fact, a good line to follow?

**A:** One of them.

**Q:** Could you offer more clues about this 'pyrotechnic' suggestion, because we were pretty much drawing a blank during the week on it. It was not a useful path so far.

**A:** But it will be. Rome was not built in a day, and neither is your higher knowledge.

**Q:** Last week when I asked about the stations of the cross in the church of Rennes-le-Chateau, whether they were important or would give clues, you said 'some, but they are gilded.' Mike suggested that this term could mean 1. To overlay with gold; 2. To give an attractive, but deceptive appearance; and 3. Guild, as in organization. He asks: I wonder which definition they meant?

**A:** 2.

**Q:** Okay, he asks again about the beehive huts. You said they were not 'germain' and we have already discussed that issue. He writes: were these huts really used for honey production, that doesn't seem logical. Were they built in the 19th century by the agrarians you mentioned, or just used by them? Because some of them are completely filled with rocks.

**A:** Crystals figure in here.

**Q:** Why do crystals figure in here?

**A:** Look to see.

**Q:** He asks if there is a technology buried in the area to facilitate the workings of the window?

**A:** No need for that.

**Q:** He asks: Could WE use it?

**A:** You could be zapped by it.

**Q:** He wanted to know why the EM grid was important...

**A:** See 1954 UFO mapping study: France.

[BRH calls and joins session via telephone.]

**Q:** (BRH) I was very inspired by the particular Cassiopaean who spoke to me a couple of years ago. Would it be possible to communicate further with that particular individual... is that possible?

**A:** Of course, as we are all one and the same, and yet we are all individuals.

**Q:** (BRH) I knew it! Hello old friend! (L) Well, I didn't think you could do that!

**A:** Hello Dev! Ha ha, we fooled ya!

**Q:** (BRH) What you told me before that produced such a profound change in my life, was 'we see the little one who frequents your shoulder is the binder that will ultimately solidify all of the unanswered questions.' That strikes me as immensely profound and I don't know where or how to find a lead on this.

**A:** Soul connects.

**Q:** (BRH) What are these soul connections?

**A:** We hesitate to use the term "soul mates," as your culture has convoluted the meaning to connotate something of a romantic nature. However, it is still succinct, as in this case, the student learns prime meaning of love from the teacher.

**Q:** (BRH) Who is the student and who is the teacher?

**A:** Who think ye?

**Q:** (BRH) You have mentioned soul connections and past lives, and I have no idea in my wildest imagination how to pursue uncovering this information, and I hope you don't suggest hypnosis...

**A:** There is no need for such a pursuit, as the answers will reveal themselves when needed.

**Q:** (BRH) Thank you very much old Friend, but I don't want to take up any more time on personal questions...

**A:** Take up our time? Not to worry, the time clock is broken, and we have been unable to bring ourselves to contact the repair person, or in our case, the repair 6th density being of light!

**Q:** (BRH) Is there anything you want to say to BRH at this point that he hasn't thought of, but ought to ask?

**A:** Palomar? What gives?

**Q:** (BRH) I can't believe it! I was just going over that and thinking to myself that it was too late... they gave that suggestion several years ago, and I was thinking that the window of opportunity had passed... is it too late to stake out Palomar?

**A:** Never too late, but we suggested this before.

**Q:** (L) Is staking out the only way? Can he follow other research clues?

**A:** There is a flat rock up there, near the road, off the guard rail. We know it as just below the observatory about 1.3 kilometers. Is inconvenient for driving and especially parking, but if there is a will, there is a way. Look for the juniper as a sight line guide post.

[From this point on, for some reason, the tape did NOT record, so questions are reconstructed.]

**Q:** (BRH) What about this thing I had surgically removed from my back that went 'plink' when it dropped into the tray?

**A:** Silicon based.

**Q:** (BRH) Well, the knot reappeared almost immediately.

**A:** Replaced.

**Q:** (BRH) Replaced by whom?

**A:** Those who use to transceive.

**Q:** (BRH) You are suggesting that this is an implant?

**A:** Yes. Those can happen in work setting, too. Could have been planted by a "coworker."

**Q:** (BRH) I am wondering about my present job...

**A:** The environment in general is negative.

**Q:** (BRH) I have been thinking about arranging to work fewer hours so that I can have time to write a book...

**A:** Use your heart chakra to answer this. Sorry, but now we must go. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

