## October 10, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Hidorra.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have a couple of short questions that I would like to get in very quickly. C\*\*\* wanted to know if there was any significance to the fact that I was born on Lincoln's birthday and she was born on the day Lincoln died?

**A:** Not especially.

**Q:** She also wanted to know if there was any significance to the fact that we were both born on the same line of longitude, and exactly 10 degrees of latitude apart?

**A:** No, as this is true with endless combinations of people.

**Q:** I would like to ask if there is any significance to the fact that Frank is being afflicted in the area of his gallbladder, considering the relation to the word 'Gaul?'

**A:** Only significance is that this is an unnecessary organ, much like the appendix.

**Q:** You say it is unnecessary. Was it ever necessary?

**A:** In earlier models... When one receives message of pain there, could it be symbolic of advancement of neophysicality?

**Q:** Are you asking me? I have known a lot of people who had pain there who are just unhappy people.

**A:** But why unhappy? Think, my dear... And remember, your consciousness operates on four levels, not just one!

**Q:** And what are these four levels?

**A:** Physical body, consciousness, genetic body and spirit- etheric body.

**Q:** Are those the four composites of the human manifestation in 3rd density?

**A:** 3rd and 4th. One leads oneself, through physical actions, as well as psychic ones, to develop these "problems" when one is preparing to "bump it up" a notch.

**Q:** Very interesting...

**A:** Now, a gentle warning: soon you too, Laura, will experience something similar!

**Q:** How similar?

**A:** Exactly similar!

**Q:** Is Ark going to be sick too?

**A:** Not likely, as his chemistry bypasses it. In other words, his gallbladder is functionally obsolete, it is comatose, as a result of diet and psychic nature.

**Q:** Alright now, anymore on this before we go in another direction?

**A:** Well, what do you think of that?!?

**Q:** I think that he must have bumped up a notch or two already.

**A:** Maybe... but you are all advanced... Why do you suppose you have adopted the dietary practices you have?

**Q:** Because they seem to be the only ones that work to keep me from being sick. I can't eat like other people... never have been able to.

**A:** It will be interesting to see what happens post removal...

**Q:** After the removal of Frank's gallbladder?

**A:** Yes, and...

**Q:** Now, listen here! I don't want to go in the hospital! I'm scared of hospitals! I'm scared of doctors. I don't want needles stuck in my veins. I don't want to be put to sleep, and I don't want anybody cutting on me! I swore I would NEVER do it again!

**A:** That will change when nature starts singing her song. We suggest you start now to concentrate on weightloss, as this will make the process much easier on you!!!

**Q:** I would like to know what you propose that I do to lose weight because I already eat almost nothing.

**A:** Almost nothing presents as a great gulf of distance between it, and nothing!

**Q:** So, you are proposing that I should just fast - eat nothing?

**A:** What is wrong with that?

**Q:** Okay, I'll have at it. Are we done with this subject? You want me to fast... I want to ask about remote viewing. Is it okay to ask about this?

**A:** Why would it not be?

**Q:** I just want to make sure that we are ready to change gears so drastically. There are people who claim to 'remote view,' and I think that it is possible and probable. In specific, when a person is remote viewing, are they able to view other densities when doing this?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** Is there any way to tell when you are viewing other densities as opposed to 3rd density? Is there any distinguishing characteristic?

**A:** That would be up to the awareness of the viewer.

**Q:** Is a person who is capable of remote viewing in higher densities, generally capable of perceiving higher densities in a 'normal' state?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** So, if a person is unaware of higher densities, are they still able to remote view higher densities?

**A:** The viewer must have a "clue" as to the view.

**Q:** What do you mean 'a clue?'

**A:** Review your previous question.

**Q:** I see. So, it IS connected to the ability to perceive higher densities in general awareness. Okay, in particular, is it a condition of remote viewing higher densities, assuming one has the general awareness of higher densities, that one is able to look in all directions at once; that is, to sense oneself as a 'point' of consciousness and to perceive material reality as being somewhat amorphous or fluid; is THAT evidence of viewing higher densities?

**A:** It could be.

**Q:** Is there anything that one could look for in a remote viewing exercise that would clearly indicate that one is NOT viewing higher densities?

**A:** These questions are a bit elementary for you, when one thinks of that which you already know.

**Q:** Well, my opinion is that, depending upon the scenario that is presented, and the way it is presented, that one could tell. And, there are a great many people who are doing remote viewing, who are claiming to be remote viewing higher densities, and getting information that is clear to me that it is what somebody at higher densities WANTS them to think, or WANTS them to see and MANIPULATES them to see.

**A:** It is a two way street.

**Q:** So, individuals COULD remote view higher densities to see what the higher densities are up to?

**A:** No. Expectations... ? Anticipation... ? Prejudice... ? What have we told you?

**Q:** Is it possible that, when one person gives a target to another for a remote viewing exercise, say, as just a code number, can the person doing the remote viewing use this exchange as a means of locking in on the frequency of the person giving the assignment?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** So, if I were to give an assignment to someone, this person could then lock in on our frequency here and remote view us?

**A:** Maybe. Try it.

**Q:** Well, Ark doesn't want me to because of his work. He thinks everybody is a potential agent.

**A:** Spies do not ask.

**Q:** I just have a lot of reservations about remote viewing in general. I think that it is just a different name for practicing clairvoyance. And, I am not so sure that people who claim to be able to do it as they claim, are really able to do it. In other words, it is like a talent, some are better than others.

**A:** Yes, you are right.

**Q:** I want to ask a little bit about this book, 'The Tomb of God,' and the clues it has given me, or that I THINK it has given me, to tracking this treasure in the Rhineland. Is this book, and the clues that I believe that I have found in it, one of the major conjunctions that you mentioned in a previous session?

**A:** Yes, but add some flour.

**Q:** What? Add some flour? Why did you say 'flour?'

**A:** Why do you think?

**Q:** What does flour do when you add it?

**A:** Clues, my dear, clues. That is what these are.

**Q:** What is the result when one adds flour?

**A:** Emulsion...

**Q:** What does one get from an emulsion?

**A:** Transference.

**Q:** Where should I look for the flour?

**A:** Whey.

**Q:** Am I correct in my idea that these paintings from this manuscript produce...

**A:** Your are still on the trail... But one always when termination is at hand.

**Q:** What? Termination is at hand?

**A:** Resolution.

**Q:** Were these guys in any way at all onto something when they came up with the idea that Jesus was buried in France near Carcassone?

**A:** Oh we cannot tell you that.

**Q:** Is there a time gate where this treasure is buried in the Rhineland?

**A:** Stones.

**Q:** Is there any clue you can give me as to what to be looking for specifically?

**A:** And you shall find that...

**Q:** I see. Well, is there some STS force working through A\_\_\_ to cause these repeated disruptions on Saturday nights?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Has this STS force operated through this kid Matt?

**A:** Maybe, but there are many portals, as always.

**Q:** I had a dream last night that I should file this claim on this Spindletop case because something would be decided within a month. Was this dream symbolic of something else?

**A:** Analysis is needed.

**Q:** I have conjectured, that since you have not told me that I am wasting my time with this genealogical research, that maybe I am not wasting my time. I have also thought that, perhaps it may not be necessarily directed at that objective, but at something else, otherwise you would tell me as you have on other occasions, not to waste my time, that it is a dead end.

**A:** Do you think you are wasting your time?

**Q:** I like doing it, and sometimes when I am doing something that I like so much, tracking something down, I feel a little guilty, like I ought to be doing something unpleasant, and maybe I am enjoying it too much!

**A:** No.

**Q:** Should I try to analyze that dream here and now?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** What are the possibilities of anything coming out of this Meadows line claim on these mineral rights to Spindletop?

**A:** Instincts?

**Q:** My instincts say that anything possible, especially when 4th density is activated.

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** But, base on the material information, there is a very low probability.

**A:** Ah? We have doubts... And yes, we have always said that you create your own reality!

**Q:** Well, have YOU said that we create our own reality?

**A:** When did we not?

**Q:** Well, but you have also said that anticipation messes things up, and so I don't want to have any anticipation.

**A:** Anticipation is not creating one's own reality.

**Q:** Just give me one word of something in this direction because I don't want to take up any more time. I mean, for ten bucks I can file, and if it happens, it happens. It's no more than buying a few tickets to the lottery. I suppose I have about as much chance of that happening as I have of winning the lottery. I am not going to anticipate that or anything.

**A:** Good.

**Q:** That's all you are going to say about it?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about the meaning of my dream, which was so vivid... about Elohim and Seraphim. What was the meaning of this dream?

**A:** Peace torch.

**Q:** (A) What is peace torch? From whom?

**A:** Not from. All considered before decision on judgment.

**Q:** (L) That makes no sense at all.

**A:** Yes it does.

**Q:** (A) Who were the Elohim?

**A:** Elohim refers to past, as a connection to future as envisioned in your dream. It is the connector that counts, see?? Ruling council of Od; Odiem.

**Q:** (L) What about the Seraphim?

**A:** Council in clouds... We are speaking of advanced insight here.

**Q:** (L) Why were there 300 Elohim and 301 Seraphim?

**A:** Who is the odd one out?

**Q:** (A) Who is the odd one out?

**A:** Check your roots. Od, odiem, odd, could we spell it out any clearer for you? Not without abridging free will!

**Q:** (L) Who is Sara?

**A:** Roots.

**Q:** (L) Who is the 'King of the Angels?'

**A:** No more spoonfeeding. Gerbers is out of stock!

**Q:** (L) Okay, go on...

**A:** Arkadiusz is supposed to be asking about this. It was his dream.

**Q:** (L) Alright. I'll hush. (A) I cannot ask now anything about that as I know nothing about this 'od.' So, first question: Sometime ago we were asking about the comet cluster, when it will come, and you answered '0 to 14 years' from now.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I would like to know first, when you say 0 to 14, is it absolutely sure that it will be 0 to 14 and not 0 to 15, and you can assign some very small probability that it will be MORE than 14 years? Is it really certain?

**A:** Nothing is certain. The course of the lessons is dictated by the progress of the studies.

**Q:** (L) [Whispering to Ark] Ask about the gamma rays...

**A:** No, Ark has the floor. You are in the quiet chair now. Or, Ark could be excused to go do chores if you wish.

**Q:** (A) Nothing is certain, but is the concept of probabilities, as it is used in the Seth material, legitimate? Can we speak about probabilities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Can you assign a probability to this period 0 to 14 years? How big is the probability?

**A:** Big.

**Q:** (A) How big? How close to 1?

**A:** 82 per cent.

**Q:** (A) Okay, so it is 82 percent that it will happen between 0 to 14 years. Can you assign a probability to the idea that it will happen between 0 and 7 years?

**A:** No, because that would disrupt your learning channel.

**Q:** (A) How are you calculating this 82 percent probability? Do you just compute all different worlds and this is in how many years this can happen accordingly?

**A:** The computation is based upon the calculation of all the possible variables factored against the window of the "time" frame.

**Q:** (L) So there is a window of opportunity, so to speak? A period in which this CAN occur, and if it were to be forestalled in some way beyond this 14 year period, does that mean it would NOT occur?

**A:** End word.

**Q:** (L) Is that what you meant? 'End word?'

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What does 'end word' mean?

**A:** Who knows. We like Ark to have the floor when it is time to dance. '

**Q:** (A) Why are you telling me that telling me anything about a 0 to 7 year probability would disrupt my learning channel? I would like to know what the curve of probabilities looks like. It would disrupt in what way?

**A:** 0 to 14 years is enough for now. Can you imagine what would happen if we told you that the cluster was going to blast into the picture next year?!? You would then demand to know the precise day and the hour. You would let this dictate all your activities hence, and that would be it.

**Q:** (A) About this Kozyrev book: they describe experiments with a kind of torsional pendulum which is very sensitive and is covered with a glass, and they take other precautions. Apparently, when there are irreversible or dissipative processes going on, there is some force acting on this pendulum. This can be anything that is irreversible. For instance, it can be gamma radiation or light from a distant star which causes the pendulum to move, or it can be the evaporation of acetone nearby, and they use this as a test. What kind of a force is acting on their device?

**A:** Inertia.

**Q:** (A) How can inertia be produced by evaporating acetone?

**A:** What is beneath the acetone, though?

**Q:** (A) Underneath? Something supporting this acetone, is this what you mean?

**A:** What gives birth to it?

**Q:** (A) I don't understand. There is a piece of cotton saturated with acetone and it evaporates. It evaporates and then this device moves. What is beneath the acetone? Acetone is evaporating from a piece of cotton.

**A:** What is the chemical breakdown of the acetone? What compounds make up the acetone??

**Q:** (A) Well, it is not important that it is acetone. It can be any irreversible process. It can be somebody thinking nearby; it can be somebody getting a fever; it can be something breaking into something; it can be a comet hitting Jupiter. How does this cause... it is not a question of acetone... a thought can move this device. What kind of force is it?

**A:** But then why choose acetone for the test?

**Q:** (A) Because acetone evaporates very fast... it is an irreversible process.

**A:** Why is this?

**Q:** (A) Okay. I will think about this. I cannot answer at present. I will see. So, that was that question...

**A:** We would like you to come back to us with your findings in another session.

**Q:** (A) A not here session? (L) Another session!

**A:** You teach her the Polish, you perfect your English faster and further, my boy!

**Q:** (L) I'm learning - about one word a month! (F) Oh! At that rate you will be fluent in about 2,087 years! (A) Why is teaching Polish so important?

**A:** We have told you before. Review.

**Q:** (L) I think it has something to do with me being able to figure out clues hidden in word roots.

**Q:** (A) Can space with fractal properties, non-differentiable structure, non-smooth structure, be used to derive Schroedinger equation and quantum theory like the Nottale is proposing in some of his papers?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) What is incorrect? Why is it only close?

**A:** Light bends at intervals. Look to the quasar for the clue.

**Q:** (A) Okay, I will. Now, I was communicating a little bit with a Finnish guy, Mattie Pitkanen, and he has a lot of material on his web pages and in his publications, which are very close to what I am thinking. First question, is he somehow channeling through his publications?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Who is he channeling?

**A:** All the masters have channeled, whether aware or not. The "who" is not Germaine.

**Q:** (A) It is not important. Now, he is talking a lot about p-adic numbers which are different from real numbers, and they are related to prime numbers, and it is a whole big area which may be important for development for the right mathematics for the future. What about p-edic numbers? Are they important?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Should I learn them?

**A:** With room for alterations the key to quantum jumps is always in discovering "new" mathematics.

**Q:** (A) Now, concerning new mathematics, I wanted to ask also, because I have received an elaborate treatise from somebody in China who is sending this treatise to all the greatest mathematicians of the world, and apparently I am one of them, and this is about what he calls the mathematics of Unified Field Theory which is based on I Ching. There are a lot of things that are very hard to follow. It is all about Chi and the way the Chinese philosophy tells us that our mathematics should be built on a different principle. Why am I repeatedly getting this? Is there some meaning, that I should really look into this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What, in particular, should I pay attention to?

**A:** The connection between philosophy and math.

**Q:** (A) A connection between philosophy and math. Okay, I will look.

**A:** You will find.

**Q:** (A) When I was asking about UFT, you said I should go back to 1969. I went back to 1969, but I don't have any notes from then, so the only thing I can remember that I was doing then which could relate, was that I was thinking about certain algebraic machinery which tells us that there is a kind of perfect symmetry between matter and anti-matter. Was this the clue?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (A) I was looking for the connection between the square root of 13 and phi, and I couldn't find any. So, my question is, when you say square root of 13, do you mean an ordinary square root, or using one of these p-adic number fields?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (A) But, if so, then last time I took the calculator and computed the ordinary square root of thirteen; yet you did not stop me at this point, but ask me to subtract from this ordinary square root, the number phi. So, if it is not an ordinary square root, as you suggest, I would expect that you would not ask me to subtract from the wrong number!

**A:** We did not ask you to subtract from the "wrong" number. Besides, you did what you are supposed to do; think!! This quest is for you. Our prime channel is becoming weak and fatigued, so we must now go!

**Q:** (A) Very funny. (A) Why are you laughing? (A) Because I am always left to the end! (L) Next time we will start with your questions! (A) This is not the first time you are telling me this! (L) Last time I let you ask all your questions first! (A) Last time?! Last time I was sleeping in this chair. I had no questions! (L) That's not so! (A) Yes, I was sleeping in this chair, I could not even make notes. (L) But there have been other times when you asked all your questions first! (A) You have been asking your questions for how many years! I will teach you Polish, you will see! (L) You are going to teach me Polish...? (A) Yes...[speaks Polish] (L) Are you saying something MEAN to me? (A) it is not funny at all! That is what I am saying! I WILL teach you Polish!

END OF SESSION

