## July 11, 1998
Frank, Ark, Laura, Terry and Jan

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Sigurri.

**Q:** Where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I would like to comment on the fact that today is 7/11.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are there any particular energies flowing about on such a day?

**A:** Only the energies that always "flow."

**Q:** (A) I want to continue questions from the previous session. First, about this companion star: where is it now; which part of the zodiac?

**A:** Libra Constellation.

**Q:** (A) Where is the periodic comet cluster?

**A:** Not visible. It approaches in "scatter pattern," indicating that one or two of the members may have already made the circuit.

**Q:** (A) We have been told that it will look like one solid object at first.

**A:** Yes, but not necessarily only one grouping. Will show up first in the region of the Magellanic Clouds.

**Q:** (A) So, we have the idea. Next question concerning this companion star; we were told that its mass is less than the sun, can we have a figure on how much less?

**A:** 56 percent of the mass of the sun.

**Q:** (A) Okay, if this is really so, then when it really starts to approach the solar system, and they rotate in tandem, it means that the sun will really start to feel its gravity, and because of this, the solar system will start to move with respect to other stars, so all the constellations will shift, is this correct?

**A:** More like a slight "wobble" effect.

**Q:** (L) Will that be perceptible to us here on the Earth?

**A:** Only through measurements.

**Q:** (T) There have been a lot of reports of late regarding major solar activity, solar flares, solar winds, etc. The surface of the sun has a whole lot going on. The last I heard, one of the two satellites observing the sun, one of them is gone. Is this an effect from the sun itself, or is this an effect of the approaching brown dwarf?

**A:** The sun.

**Q:** (T) As the brown dwarf approaches, will it intensify the solar flare activity?

**A:** The effect on the physical orientation of the sun from the periodic passage of its companion is to flatten the sphere slightly. This returns to its original spherical shape with the retreat.

**Q:** (L) Is this flattening of the sphere of the sun going to have any noticeable effects in terms of enhanced, accelerated, or magnified radiation from the sun?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Solar flares or anything like that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) So there is not going to be any appreciable effect on the planet from this as far as the sun goes?

**A:** The sun's gravity increases, thus inhibiting flares.

**Q:** (T) Inhibiting flares is good. (L) Not necessarily. Solar minimums have been periods of ice ages. (T) One of the recent crop circles this year shows what the crop circle interpreters say is an image of the sun with a large solar flare coming off of it. It is supposed to be a warning to us that the surface of the sun has become unstable...

**A:** All events intersect.

**Q:** (A) Okay, I would like to ask what kind of effects other than just gravity we should expect from the close passage of this star? Any particular electro-magnetic, gamma radiation, or what to look for? In which part of the spectrum?

**A:** Radiation emits from those cosmic bodies which radiate.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that the brown star does not radiate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If it doesn't radiate, what does it do?

**A:** Its radioactive field is severely limited as the "fire" went out long ago. It does not give off light.

**Q:** (J) It's a brown star. (T) One or two steps away from being a collapsing black hole. (L) Well, that's friendly, especially after watching "Event Horizon" last night!

**A:** No. Black holes only form from 1st magnitude stars.

**Q:** (A) We have been told that there is going to be a change of the magnetic field of the earth. Does this mean that the magnetic pole will shift?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) About this shift of the poles, is it going to be a complete pole reversal?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What is going to happen inside Earth that could cause this magnetic pole reversal?

**A:** Is caused by disturbances in the mineral content of the substrata rock, brought on by the interaction of Earth with outside forces.

**Q:** (L) What specific outside forces?

**A:** Those already discussed.

**Q:** (L) What is going to be the specific mechanism of this disturbance? Can you describe for us the steps by which this pole reversal will take place?

**A:** Pole reversal is cyclical anyway, these events merely serve as trigger mechanism.

**Q:** (L) Let me ask it this way: is there a charge that builds up in the mineral substrata that requires discharge, or that becomes excited to the point that it discharges and then reverses? Is this what we are talking about in terms of the mechanism?

**A:** Examine what is needed to magnetize metal. Ask Arkadiusz.

**Q:** (A) What is needed to magnetize metal. One has to align the spins of the atoms which means one has to strike the metal, or one has to bring a magnetic field close. (T) Strike as in annealing... heating and striking metal or rock which causes the crystalline structure to decompose so that the metal becomes pliable. Then, each time it is hit, it reforms until it cools again. (L) Is this what we are talking about here?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) One can also have an external magnetic field to align. But, where is it going to come from?

**A:** Guess.

**Q:** (L) The wave?

**A:** All are interconnected.

**Q:** (T) Now, this is just a thought: where would an external magnetic field strong enough to do something like that come from? On the earth, if you supercharge the ionosphere, you create an extremely intense magnetic field. That's what the ionosphere basically is. That is what the HAARP group of programs is about. That is what Tesla was into - the ionosphere - cause there is a large charge there. (L) Is the HAARP project involved here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) They are monkeying around with that stuff. (L) Do the people in charge of the HAARP project know about all of this and are they constructing this HAARP array to utilize this energy in some way?

**A:** Those who know are at foundation.

**Q:** (T) To protect us?

**A:** HAARP is for mind control. It is hoped it can be successful in 4th density too!

**Q:** (L) Well, if these people are aware that this sort of thing is getting ready to happen... never mind. (A) We have been told that this magnetic disturbance is closely related to this realm border crossing, and you asked us the question 'what is the root of realm' and it is reality. Now, realm has an m at the end. Does this have something to do with magnetic?

**A:** Realm border is when the reality shifts for all.

**Q:** (A) Yes, but why is this reality shift related to magnetic field disturbance? What is the connection?

**A:** Your physiology and etheric orientation are both tied into the magnetic state of your environment.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you said before that the magnetic field is going to reverse...

**A:** Magnetic poles reverse.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is the magnetic field going to do. It is going to change in some way. Is it going to increase, decrease... is this to a degree - something other than direction - amplification? (T) Will anything change in the strength of the field?

**A:** Let us illustrate. Now: Earth. \[A circle is drawn with radiating spikes all around fairly close to the surface.\] Earth after: \[A circle is drawn with double radiating spikes with those in polar regions considerably longer than the others.\]

**Q:** (T) So, it is the same, except it is larger?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (T) Are you indicating that the magnetic field will be stronger?

**A:** Broader and larger.

**Q:** (L) What is the cross in the middle?

**A:** Geodirectional grid reference. You incorrectly added circle on side. Lines of magnetic field alignment should be shown as longer at poles. "Crosshairs" in illustration are for directional reference only.

**Q:** (T) Does this mean it will be stronger also?

**A:** Larger and broader.

**Q:** (A) People work near strong magnets much stronger than the Earth's magnetic field, yet nothing happens to them that we can see.

**A:** Not true. Body chemistry is altered. Is not long term or permanent exposure.

**Q:** (L) So, apparently long term and permanent exposure can make a big difference. I want to ask about the Dan Winter web site. He uses a lot of keywords that are very familiar to us. His whole site is devoted to pyramids, golden ratio, geomagnetic grid, geometry, bees, bloodlines, etc. The question is: everything that happens, I consider that it happens for a purpose. What is the purpose of being directed to this site? Is this all his own nonsense, or is he channeling this?

**A:** Extract.

**Q:** (L) He extracts his stuff?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And we should extract from there the pertinent information?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, he seems to be real hung up with this Drunvalo Melchizedek guy...

**A:** No. No good.

**Q:** (L) Drunvalo is no good?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I already figured that out. So, this Dan Winter is not really hung up with Drunvalo, is that it?

**A:** Some good, some not.

**Q:** (A) Now, you say that this brown star and the comet cluster are coming into our solar system at the same time, and you have said that they are different events, but that they are related. Now, what is the relation, if not just the point in time, the deeper relation between these two phenomena?

**A:** Picture biorhythm graph.

**Q:** (A) What is the period of pole shift?

**A:** 100,000 years, roughly.

**Q:** (A) Now, about the relation between the phenomenon of physical disasters that are going to happen and psychic changes related to the realm border. What is cause and what is effect?

**A:** One precedes the other.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so disasters happen and then the reality changes in psychic terms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Is the approach of the realm border, is the change in the magnetic field... does the reversal of the poles and the broadening of the magnetic field, is that going to be before the realm border crossing?

**A:** Intersection.

**Q:** (L) So, in practical terms, it may be that, what we observe will be a series of cataclysms, disasters, the 'cleansing' of the Earth...

**A:** This has already begun.

**Q:** (L) So, it is already happening. It will accelerate and intensify. And what we will observe is all of these things happening. And, as a result of the intersecting of these various energies, this realm border, this reality change, this change in the magnetics because of the interaction with the comet cluster, the sun's companion, the realm border, and so forth, it will then have an effect upon the people left on the planet who will then change in some way as a result of this, is that correct?

**A:** Your Bible says that there will be many wonders on the Earth and in the Heavens in the last days.

**Q:** (L) Okay, this period of time after this realm border, is this period a preliminary to the total end of the Earth and all life on it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) After all of this change, those people who continue to be on the Earth will be in a new environment, and it will be almost like having to grow gills to live in water, and some people will have the ability and some will not. Is that it? It will be more gradual in terms of individual physical structures and psychic structures?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) It will be a sudden, total change? Like flipping a switch and everything is going to be different?

**A:** The key is awareness.

**Q:** (L) Are there going to be people...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You didn't let me finish asking my question!

**A:** But we knew it!

**Q:** (L) In other words, there are going to be people who are simply not going to see what is happening?

**A:** Lost lambs beying in the knight.

**Q:** (T) They are not getting it. They are lost sheep. That really describes it. (L) Why did you give that funny twist on the spelling?

**A:** Why not?

**Q:** (T) Now, didn't they tell us that when the transition occurs, those who are moving to 4th density will move, and those who aren't, won't. And that it is not a physical move. That we really would not notice a difference when we shifted because it's all right here. And, those who are going to shift will shift right where they stand, and they won't really notice a change, and the perception is not the issue, it is the awareness of the shift, because we will still be physical... am I heading anywhere in the right direction?

**A:** Variability of physicality.

**Q:** (L) Does this have anything to do with changing of DNA via awareness?

**A:** Both ways.

**Q:** (T) So, we will notice that we can control much more than we could before in terms of our environment and physical structure, but we will still be doing a lot of things we have always done. (A) I have a last question that is unrelated. In the next weeks we will probably have a visit from this W\_\_ B\_\_. Is there anything we have to be careful about when he comes?

**A:** Being too effusive and an open book.

**Q:** (L) Should we just simply keep putting him off?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, we should give him a definite day... we can put him off forever...

**A:** You cannot put him off forever!

**Q:** (T) He has read the pages? (L) Yes, and he's all gung ho. (T) Does he understand what he is reading? (L) Oh yeah. (F) Maybe only TOO well... if he is a CIA agent... (A) If he is an agent, he is an agent for whom?

**A:** We did not say that he is an agent.

**Q:** (L) Uri Geller sent an e-mail to the mail list recommending that people visit Brother Blue's web site for info on the Aviary. Then he says that he has personally known and been involved with these 'birds.' Anyway, there is this whole deal going on with Vallee being caught in a lie on the mail list. Are they trying to assassinate him or is he really a bad guy?

**A:** Vallee is not sticking to the "program."

**Q:** (L) What is the program that Vallee should be sticking to?

**A:** You do not get it, apparently.

**Q:** (L) Well, he produced this witness who supposedly debunked the Philadelphia Experiment, and Vallee put his reputation behind this. Then, another guy came along and ripped Vallee up and it made him look bad.

**A:** The bottom line: The Philadelphia Experiment did happen.

**Q:** (L) Then what program is Vallee not sticking to? Why did he produce this witness? Why is he doing this?

**A:** Bad influences.

**Q:** (L) What kind of bad influences?

**A:** 33.

**Q:** (Jan) 33rd degree?

**A:** That is close enough.

**Q:** (L) So, maybe the Consortium got next to him, read him the riot act, and wanted to use his reputation to plant their disinformation, and he responded by doing it in such a way that his reputation is now in tatters and CAN'T be used by them? (T) So, they tried to compromise him and he did something so that it would be obvious that he was being compromised?

**A:** More complex.

**Q:** (A) I want to know about this Uri Geller. Why is he now writing this stuff about this Consortium?

**A:** The term "Consortium," in this case, originated with us.

**Q:** (L) Okay, he is talking about this Aviary. Has, or is, Geller associated with this Aviary?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is he trying to get publicity?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Now, just this last week, on Thursday, we had two earthquakes, one in the Aleutians and one in the Azores. Is this related to this coming subduction quake?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Is there some major Earth change going to happen some time around the end of this month or the beginning of next month?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) Okay, I had a question I wanted to get in: you said that Neanderthal man was taken off the earth, and Cro-Magnon man suddenly appeared. Is this Cro-Magnon man really Kantekkian man?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, they supposedly existed side by side on the Earth for some time. Did they intermix or intermarry?

**A:** Marriage?!

**Q:** (L) Well, you know what I mean! Genetic intermixing.

**A:** Can you picture a Neanderthal marriage?

**Q:** (L) Yeah! The old club and drag 'em off by the hair ceremony! (T) It was a ritual... handed down father to son along with the club... (L) Okay, getting back to your little remark about 'beying in the knight.' You mentioned once about Kelly Green and I connected Kelly to Kali, and then there is the Green Knight. What is the connection between the Green Knight and Kelly Green? Why Green?

**A:** Better look into it further.

**Q:** (L) Well, why green? Why the relationship to jade? And why was the philosopher's stone called the 'jade stone?' And why was jade held to be sacred by the Chinese? And what is the relationship between the Chinese and the Philosopher's stone and the secrets that have been transmitted from the East, and Orion, and...

**A:** Okay, that is all folks! Good Night...

**Q:** (L) But I was just getting started! Good Night!

END OF SESSION
