## July 3, 1999
Ark, Laura, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Orotheia

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I would like to find out what was the deal with this radio show? Ron Engelman invited me to be on his show, and the day before it was scheduled, he called telling me his schedule had been changed and I had been cancelled. Why was it cancelled?

**A:** Maybe others complained.

**Q:** Who were these others who might have complained

**A:** Others scheduled to appear.

**Q:** What did they complain about?

**A:** Your purported agenda.

**Q:** What agenda did they object to?

**A:** Us, my dear.

**Q:** Well, that does seem to be true. We do get more than our share of attack. I just want you to know that, for the most part, it is a thankless task.

**A:** Which means you are on the right track.

**Q:** (laughter) Well, if the Gray Huggers don't bomb us, or the scientific types don't bomb us, then somebody else does! Okay, recently there were some serious questions being brought up on one of the mailing lists about Linda Howe being 'co-opted' for disinformation purposes. A number of seemingly reputable people have pointed out coincidences in clear disinformation and her work. I have always felt that, of all the people out there doing research, she was truly sincere and clear headed. Could you comment on that possibility?

**A:** Linda is not co-optable.

**Q:** Why is she hanging out with folks who DO seem to definitely be co-opted and promulgating such clear disinformation?

**A:** The modus is not to be confused with the operandi.

**Q:** There was a strange little series of events last week involving Ron Engelman, Eve Lorgen, Hank Harrison, Dick Farley, and Ira Einhorn who wrote me a couple of e-mails. I would like to know what is the deal with Ira. Either this guy is completely crazy to have lived for 18 months with a dead body in his apartment, completely egotistical and believes nobody else is as smart as he is, or the whole deal was planted to shut him up, or he was Greenbaumed. Now, did I miss any possibilities, is it one of these, or is it something else altogether?

**A:** Maybe he did what he did, and then, convinced himself that he did not a la O.J. Simpson.

**Q:** In this whole situation, who or what was the portal connecting all of these things?

**A:** To find portal, retrace steps until you find the ray peeking through the blinds.

**Q:** (A) Was it coming through me?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well... it all started when I began to communicate with Eve.

**A:** No. It was not Eve. She is under attack for her revelations.

**Q:** (L) Can you give me another clue? 'The ray peeking through the blinds...'

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it Ron Engelman?

**A:** But who manipulates Engelman?

**Q:** 4th density, no doubt.  {I dropped the subject, but retrospect shows that the “ray peeking through the blind” was undoubtedly Ray Flowers, friends with Vincent Bridges. At this point in time, Bridges was a very small blip on my radar.}  My first question is regarding this diagram of the pyramid here and this second diagram of the pyramid as we know it and this book about the pyramid where it says: 'In 1974 the Danish professor, Hubert Paulsen, a retired architect, announced following extensive research within the pyramid, his theory that an undiscovered chamber existed, probably beneath its foundations. He based his theory on the geometric principle upon which the pyramid was built. This chamber may have been the pharoah's tomb and may contain treasures even more remarkable than those found in Tutankhamen's tomb.' Anyway, this was a 1974 study of the pyramid. This is the only 1974 study I have come across since you suggested that we look for something done in 1974 regarding the pyramid, though you mentioned an 'engineer,' so I was first thinking that it must be Robert Beauval's work, since he is an engineer. I suppose that an architect could be a sort of engineer. Is this the study that you had in mind?

**A:** Paulsen could use further perusal.

**Q:** Of these two diagrams of the interior of the pyramid, this one was taken from a booklet published in 1861 which describes a great cavity in the center of the pyramid. When people were visiting the pyramid at that point in time, was this, in fact, the configuration of the interior of the pyramid?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Is it still configured that way but that portion of it is blocked off or concealed from visitors at the present?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Do the present excavators and archaeologists and workers over there know about these other chambers in the pyramid?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** Is there a large chamber under the pyramid concealing some sort of artifacts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is this a treasure or is this information?

**A:** Either/or.

**Q:** Are the people who are working in or around the pyramid at the present time aware of this deeply hidden underground chamber in the pyramid?

**A:** Only a few.

**Q:** There is one woman whose writings are posted on the internet and she claims that the pyramid is a 'great clock' and that it would 'reset the time' of the planet.

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, she claims that she has been given information that there once existed some kind of a great gear or wheel that was set in the Grand Gallery and that it would roll or something in the notches found there. If that is not the case, what were these notches for?

**A:** Levelling principle.

**Q:** Levelling of what? They were used to set a level of something? When something was put in the notches, it set the level of something?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Was what was placed in these notches, these holes some type of a bar-type object that crossed the gallery from side to side?

**A:** You do not have the base data yet.

**Q:** What is the base data?

**A:** Clues lead you there, not proclamations.

**Q:** I would just like to have some sort of visual image of what was placed in this gallery...

**A:** We know you would.

**Q:** Everybody in the world is posting crazy, bizarre theories on the internet, and writing these elaborate web pages about their visions and their information from other 'sources,' and that the pyramid is a giant bell, or a clock that resets time, and so on and on....

**A:** Hoagland.

**Q:** Fine with Hoagland! He was on the radio the other night saying that Leedskallen moved his Coral Castle because he wanted to align it with Hoagland's proposed grid theory. That is clearly the most obvious foolishness since Hilliard told us about the moving of the Coral Castle and that it was because of some county regulatory reasons. That is the most ridiculous bunch of poppycock I have ever heard!

**A:** Whatever else you find true about Hoagland, just remember that genius resides adjacent to insanity!

**Q:** (A) What is the meaning of this remark about Hoagland?

**A:** Some of his stuff may be "poppycock," but some is right on the money, honey!

**Q:** (L) Well, what did Hoagland ever say about the pyramid? (A) He said that the way the Coral Castle was built was the same way the pyramid was built. (L) Well, we know that because Leedskallen said that himself! That's not news. Hoagland talks about this 19.5 degree latitude line and this double tetrahedron, but I don't know how that relates to something that is located at about 29 degrees of latitude such as the pyramid. That's about 10 degrees off. Has Hoagland ever opined about the pyramid itself?

**A:** Look it up!

**Q:** Okay. We will. (A) Carbon dating. Is it incorrect by a factor of two prior to 10,000 years as L has suggested? We observe a factor of 2 variation in the scientific dating versus your dating. This is a repeating phenomenon on nearly all dates you have given.

**A:** "They" fail to take into effect the influence of magnetic aberrations caused by ancient cataclysms.

**Q:** (L) How can these magnetic aberrations affect radiocarbon dating?

**A:** By altering the isotopal imprints of matter.

**Q:** So, the cataclysm of about 1500 B.C....

**A:** All of them scramble the radiological data because of magnetic surges.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of magnetic surges, we have been in an apparently very high sun spot cycle. What noticeable effects, other than those commonly known, could these extreme numbers of sunspots be having on the planet or inhabitants?

**A:** Increased static electricity.

**Q:** (L) So, increased static can mean more electrical storms?

**A:** And other.

**Q:** (L) Regarding this prophecy of Nostradamus and Comet Lee, we discovered that a fellow named Peter Lemesurier went back to the original editions of the seer's work and found that a misplaced apostrophe changed the word 'appeaser' to 'terror' so that it is NOT the 'Great King of Terror' but the 'Appeaser King' that is connected to the 'seventh month' of 1999. Of course, the standard interpretations say that whatever it is, it is going to 'bring back' the 'Great King of the Mongols,' which they are identifying as Kublai Khan or Genghis Khan. Could you comment on this?

**A:** Comment? How so?

**Q:** What could an 'appeaser king' imply? What could it mean?

**A:** You have the power to define these terms.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but there are only so many hours in the day! But, an 'appeaser' is one who brings peace or 'pacifies' or 'quiets' by giving into demands. It can also mean to 'satisfy' or 'relieve.' The only thing that fits in these terms with 'king' - the only person I can think of who NEEDS to 'satisfy' or 'relieve' is Prince Charles, and he has a sort of 'debt' to pay the British public for the death of Princess Diana, or so it is perceived. But, the only way he could be king would be if Queen Elizabeth dies. So, is this a prediction of the death of Queen Elizabeth and the accession of Charles as king and his repudiation of Camilla? Am I onto something here?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (F) But how would he bring back the 'king of the Mongols?' (L) I don't know. The 'king of the Mongols' could be related to having a harem or something... give us a clue here on this!

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Previously when I had asked a question about Hermes Trismegistus, you remarked that he was a 'traitor to the court of Pharoah Rana.' Who was this Pharoah Rana? Was he prior to the Pharoah Menes?

**A:** Much prior.

**Q:** Was the Pharoah Menes the same as King Minos of Crete?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What was the relationship between the Cretans and the Egyptians?

**A:** All were the same originally.

**Q:** So they were Egyptians who left Egypt and moved to Crete and set up their version of the Egyptian culture there? Is that it? Or did they develop independently?

**A:** Former is closest.

**Q:** Was Abraham, the founder of the monotheistic covenant, Hermes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was Akhenaten Moses?

**A:** Only through the eyes of the themes.

**Q:** What happened to Akhenaten? He also brought about the monotheistic worship and was apparently so hated that any mention of him, his very name, was stricken from buildings and statuary; his tomb was defaced and there was tremendous turmoil in the land. He essentially disappeared from the landscape, erased by the people who must have really hated him. What was the deal with Akhenaten?

**A:** Is not that enough? Must one endure anymore?

**Q:** Endure anymore what?

**A:** Vilification.

**Q:** Why was Akhenaten portrayed in images as a rather feminine individual? Did he have a congenital disease? Was he a hermaphrodite? Was he an alchemical adept who had gone through the transformation?

**A:** None of these.

**Q:** What was the reason for his strange physical appearance; his feminine hips and belly and strangely elongated face...

**A:** Depictions.

**Q:** So this was NOT how he really looked?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** Did he choose to be depicted this way?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was he depicted this way later as an insult?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** Well, Abraham was the father of Ishmael who was the 'father of the Arabs' according to the Hebrew texts. Hermes was supposed to have been the father of Arabus who was also called the 'father of the Arabs.' This Arabus was the legendary father of Cassiopeia, which is almost a parallel development with just some name changes. It seems as though Arabus and Ishmael were comparatively the same in type and function and there are further comparisons to be made. But, the essential thing here is that Cassiopeia would then have been a granddaughter of Hermes and daughter of Ishmael, and we have talked before about the bloodline of the Ishmaelis as the true 'royal line.' Can you comment on this?

**A:** You are doing well in your analysis.

**Q:** But, just a few minutes ago you said that Hermes was NOT Abraham, and Abraham was clearly an adept...

**A:** What we are saying is... it is time for Arkadiusz to ask questions.

**Q:** (A) My first question is: has there been a change in the time schedule in the coming of the comet cluster and 'twin sun?'

**A:** There is no "schedule," as such.

**Q:** (A) There is no schedule, but there was uncertainty concerning the disasters that are coming...

**A:** Disasters?!?

**Q:** (A) Yes, disasters... these comets will come and some of them are supposed to cause a pole shift and this is certainly a disaster...

**A:** Whoa! Wait a minute, Arkadiusz! All is according to perspective! Let us not be subjective. If one transits to 4th density in the midst of said "disaster," then how disastrous is this!?! And, how does one suppose to know the "schedule," when it is up in the air, so to speak?

**Q:** (A) So, it is not going to be a disaster for some - those who transit to 4th density. I understand.

**A:** And for those who transit to 5th density, it will not be so bad either. Sort of like, "sit back and enjoy the show."

**Q:** (L) Well, you once told me to 'sit back and enjoy the show.' Does that mean I am going to 5th density soon?

**A:** Soon? Later? What is the difference? You were prescreeened before entrance into your present container.

**Q:** (A) What do you mean by 'prescreened?'

**A:** You saw a preview, and you volunteered.

**Q:** Well, I was under the impression from things you have said that we have some sort of mission here...

**A:** Yes, and...

**Q:** (L) Does that mean checking into 5th density in the middle of all this?

**A:** You think the job ends there?

**Q:** (L) I don't know... you come into a body with a plan...

**A:** We know, you thought you were guaranteed so many "years."

**Q:** (L) No. You can always screw up and make the wrong choice and check out on any day...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I was going to ask a question about this mission, because the time is passing, and, as far as I see...

**A:** Time does not pass, as such.

**Q:** (A) Days are passing. Days on the calendar, and we are not accomplishing...

**A:** Nonsense!!!!! You have made enormous accomplishments, so far.

**Q:** (A) What are these accomplishments, for instance?

**A:** Where were you in 1996?

**Q:** (A) You mean geographically?

**A:** No, we mean in all terms. Well... ?

Q (A) The question is: what is the mission? I am spending most of my time programming, and it takes more and more of my time and I have no time for research. I am not as desperate as I was before, but...

**A:** Do not worry! And you did not verbalise the answer to our question.

**Q:** (A) In 1996... well, I was hoping that I would gain some more knowledge because the rate at which I was gaining this knowledge was very slow according to my criteria.

**A:** Ahh! Your criteris are not really that limited. Or at least they should not be. Remember, Arkadiusz, successful research involves discovery on more realms than just graphs, charts and theses. The rhythm of the soul must be in harmony before one's hypotheses can even begin to mesh with accomplishments.

**Q:** (L) If I can interject, does this mean that all that he is doing now, even if it seems as though he is not pressing forward in direct research, is a balancing period, or a gestation period?

**A:** How about foundation building? Was not Ark sinking in quicksand before?

**Q:** (A) We communicate with many other people via the internet and the question is: where are the STO people who know more than we know? We look for somebody who can teach us something and we never seem to be able to do it. What are we doing wrong?

**A:** Maybe you should more the teacher than the student be.

**Q:** (L) Well, gosh! We'd like to get some answers! (A) We know that there are good guys somewhere...

**A:** They shall appear, as needed.

**Q:** (L) Well, we feel pretty alone with all the lunatics and attack we have been subjected to. It is a rather lonely existence.

**A:** Not for long.

**Q:** (A) Not for long? A related question concerning our internet activities which have been going on for some time, and we do it because we feel that it is necessary, but we don't really know or understand what is the real purpose of what we are doing. Some people are reading our pages and writing letters, and then they disappear or they are discouraged, or they do nothing on their own. We are expending a lot of time on this publishing of information, but without clear understanding of what we are supposed to accomplish by this. (L) At this point, it is not accomplishing a whole lot except drawing down fire on our heads! (A) Right!

**A:** You should rejoice! From the fire comes light. Patience pays. You are on the right track. Fear not, have we steered you wrong a lot lately?

**Q:** (L) Well, not so far. But, I was thinking that this radio show would be useful and I would get the webpages all ready for folks to read...

**A:** Anticipation.

**Q:** (L) I wasn't really anticipating. I mean, the guy called me right out of the blue... so I wanted to be sure that if I was going to talk on the radio that we had the website prepared so folks could go to see it. I sort of thought that the guy was a good guy sent to create an opening...

**A:** Assume.

**Q:** (L) I know. I know. Just another long series of stuff...

**A:** Why complain ye?

**Q:** (L) I'm not complaining. We do work awfully hard, though. (A) I want to ask about the guy who sent me this book about the 'supersecret weapons of Hitler.' It is essentially some research into possible applications of antigravity by Germans, and is a project in which this guy is participating founded by I don't know whom. He was publishing for the military, and now he found me and he wants me to participate in this project. I would like to know if this is a sincere request, or...

**A:** Yes, it is.

**Q:** (A) Okay, if it is sincere, then it means I should answer him. Last question: I was thinking about what is the most important for me at the present, and I think that I want to understand and implement this concept of densities; to implement it into physics and mathematics. But, it seems to me that I am completely alone with that. I would like to know where should I look, because certainly other people have already tried to do it. I don't want to start from scratch if there is something that I can look at or study before I really jump into this difficult project. Were there people, scientists... where to look?

**A:** Study the works of Gurdjieff and Jung, for starters. Also, Vallee is on a similar path, and a little ahead of you. He would be most approachable, if you can convince him of your sincerity.

**Q:** (A) Vallee? Okay, I finished my questions...

**A:** Okay, so until the next, goodbye.

END OF SESSION

