## July 24, 1999
Ark, Laura, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Conopi.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I have been having a dialogue with a fellow on the net in the last week or so who is very well versed in the Ra Material. He sent me a large chunk of volume 5 of the Ra books, which was material that had not been released earlier. It seems that during the times that Don Elkins was asking some questions about different conspiracies and the nature of the 4th density STS manipulations and some other rather grim subjects, that there was some sort of judgment made by this group, or members of this group, that such subjects were not appropriate lines of questioning for an STO channel. They were, apparently, considered to be a focusing on negative aspects, therefore they were not of 'love and light.' Such questions and directions of questions were, therefore, discouraged or agreed by this group to be not desirable to pursue. Don Elkins DID, however, commit suicide. Can you tell us why?

**A:** Suicide is a chosen pathway for the purpose of close realization of shutting off the noise.

**Q:** What noise was he wanting to shut off?

**A:** It is a figure of speech.

**Q:** I would like to understand. Here, these folks had this marvelous contact with Ra...

**A:** Contact with Ra does not preclude the possibility of attack.

**Q:** Why did Ra not convey to him the information necessary to understand that he was under attack, and what kind of attack it was, and how to deal with it?

**A:** The questions were not asked.

**Q:** Why were the questions not asked that would have protected him?

**A:** "Love and Light."

**Q:** So, because they were so focused on the love and light aspects...

**A:** There is no positivity without negativity.

**Q:** So, positivity, alone, becomes, in effect, negativity, or becomes null?

**A:** No, there is always negativity present, whether acknowledged or not.

**Q:** So, you are saying that if it is not acknowledged, placed on the table, so to speak, that it sort of 'bites you' no matter what? That, in some way it will manifest, and if a person goes to an extreme in terms of love and light, the negativity will come in the back door?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Okay, there was a little bit more about Linda Howe and David Jacobs on the net recently. Bruce Maccabee wrote an article in which he described the differences in attitudes between David Jacobs and Linda Howe. David Jacobs, of course, thinks the whole alien thing is 4th density STS. He pretty much understands it and has a grip on the negative nature of these manipulations. But, Maccabee mentions that Linda Howe is inclined to follow the 'aliens are here to help us no matter how horrible these things they do seem' path. She seems to be trying to find goodness in all of it, despite the in-depth investigations she has done into the cattle mutilations and so forth. So, once again, this has come up in discussion. Comment please.

**A:** Specifics, please.

**Q:** Well, once before, you said she was not corruptible, but, this blindness to the negative nature of our reality and the obvious manipulations, seems to be a form of corruption.

**A:** No, you are reading too much into critiques. There is much jealousy within the "UFO community." This manifests as sniping, name calling, and other forms of skullduggery. You have tasted some of this bitter tea yourself, and, of course, it is all representative of attack.

**Q:** (A) Well, we were talking about Don Elkins, and essentially, he was under attack, but the questions were not asked that could have helped him to understand this. I would like to ask if we are under attack now. It is better to ask the question.

**A:** You have always been under attack, but the difference is that you have awareness of it. Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (L) Well, if Carla were here, would you say anything to her?

**A:** Yes, but this is not important.

**Q:** (A) I am always suspicious. We had this car stopping in front of our house, and I was suspecting that they were doing something; beaming something at us, or deploying some kind of frequency at us. Was my suspicion justified?

**A:** Ask yourself by examining the details. What did the vehicle look like? What did it do? What did the occupants look like? Etc... Observation is the companion of awareness.

**Q:** (L) The one strange thing about this was that, at that particular time, A became very sick. His stomach just went completely bonkers and he has been unable to eat anything but bread and milk for several days now. Was this related?

**A:** We did not hear your responses to inquiries.

**Q:** (L) Well, on three different occasions this happened. One vehicle was a taxi, one was an ordinary red car, and the other was a new pick-up truck. In the one case, the person seemed to be just parked there and eating. I didn't see what the taxi person was doing. (A) He was essentially doing nothing... just sitting there. (L) And then the truck: somebody stopped and got out and was doing something, and I thought it might be a meter reader, but by the time we saw the woman, she was getting back in the truck, and it was not a regular service truck from the water or power companies.

**A:** In future, when you notice suspicious activities such as this, record them. If necessary, approach the vehicle in a friendly manner, explain to them your required response as a member of a neighborhood crime watch team. Observe aerial anomalies as well. Be vigilant and on guard.

**Q:** (A) I would like to know what brought on my drastic and prolonged stomach problem? Was it my fault? (L) Was it the turkey, the vitamins, or what?

**A:** The potential for food poisoning requires greatly increased awareness on your part. Remember, this is a perfect modus of attack. Wash hands often, be very careful with what you ingest.

**Q:** (L) I double washed the greens in the salad, the meat was fresh from the deli...

**A:** Deli meats? In this era: verboten!!!

**Q:** (L) I guess I have to cook everything myself. No more prepared foods.

**A:** There is currently a huge problem there. But why? Ignorance feeds opportunity for experimentation. If ever needed, many could be eliminated this way. After all, how ignorant the populace!

**Q:** (L) I thought it was the turkey. It wasn't the greens or the dressing. But, I had them slice it from a fresh roast. (F) There is a LOT of this sort of thing happening. It's in the news all the time. It is getting worse and worse and more and more frequent. (A) How can we be sure that our water is okay?

**A:** R.O.

**Q:** (L) Yes, we have an R.O. water filter. (F) Yes, when you have the combination of a water softener and a reverse osmosis purifier, there is very little chance that you will have any contaminants in your water, even if it is deliberately put into the water. There was an article today about a local well that had high levels of radiation. I don't think the R.O. will filter that, however. (L) Essentially, we are living in dangerous times. (F) Yes, what an easy way to eliminate people by putting things in the food or water. (A) One more health question. What is this blister that both of us have?

**A:** Germ.

**Q:** (L) A germ?

**A:** Yes, but mild.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask what happened to our tape recorder several sessions ago when it recorded at about triple speed.

**A:** EM interference.

**Q:** (L) From what source?

**A:** Radio towers.

**Q:** (L) How could EM interference from a radio tower cause my tape recorder to record at triple speed when it is a one-speed recorder?

**A:** You remember your 30 second long phone ring 5 1/2 years ago?

**Q:** (L) Sort of. I remember that happening once. It was completely strange. It started ringing and it was like stuck.

**A:** Nuff said.

**Q:** (A) Is this EM interference from radio towers directed?

**A:** More like attracted.

**Q:** Attracted by all of us, any particular one of us, or what we are doing here?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) And, of course, at that exact time we were asking questions about Nazi mind programming, Arizona Wilder and her wild claims regarding present day mind programming, and we actually lost some of the tape because of the speed. We were able to recover a lot by digitizing the recording and speeding it up and enhancing it somewhat. A 45 minute side of tape finished recording in about 15 minutes. And then, another bizarre thing is that it didn't trigger the auto shut-off when it hit the end of the tape. We continued the session thinking we had a tape going, but it had already ended! I had to reconstruct about 20 minutes of the session. Another funny thing was that, last Saturday, we were sitting there playing the last part over and over again to determine exactly where the tape had ended, and it kept ending on "Kennedy." And, of course, that night we hear that JFK, Jr. has been killed. Then, of course, A points out that these Kennedy people aren't very bright. They should have figured out by now that they are under special attack conditions for some reason, and should NEVER take risks. So, I want to know what is the deal on this JFK, Jr. plane crash?

**A:** Lack of awareness feeds fate.

**Q:** (L) That's the truth! And of course now all the tabloids and rumor mongers are saying that this kind of plane couldn't do such a nose dive; somebody heard an explosion; the rumors are just flying. And, in relation to rumors, there are a lot of them flying around about the weather. What's the deal with all the recent weather activity? These terribly unusual lightning storms?

**A:** Increased static electricity in atmosphere.

**Q:** (A) Is it only in our region or all over the planet?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) Well, it all seems to be discharging over our heads! I have never witnessed such lightning. (A) Okay, I was trying to figure out how to build this expanded gravity, and I made a table to assist the question. The first possibility is that one can build gravity on a square matrix. This matrix can be symmetric, can be non-symmetric, or can be a complex matrix, which I call possibilities a, b, and c. The second possibility is to build a theory of gravity on the basis of a connection which looks like a cube rather than a matrix. Here we also have three possibilities: no curvature, but torsion; no torsion but curvature; torsion and curvature. These are possibilities 1, 2, and 3. Another possibility is to use any combination of these two lines of speculation. Another possibility is none of the above, but to build gravity on the basis of an irregular cube, or an irregular square, which I call A. Another possibility is to use something that is none of the above.

**A:** Octagonal complexigram. Try the formula for possibility 1-c first.

**Q:** (A) During the last two weeks or so, I got a new connection through the internet, in particular I was pointed to a Russian guy by the name Alexander Shpilman, who is writing about special generators of what is called 'spin field,' which is supposedly a new kind of field which can penetrate lead without any problem, and he is building or describing the generator of this field which has essentially rotating pieces of ferrite with little magnets inside and so on, which can be detected by human beings because you can feel this field if you are in the right state and so forth. This guy and another guy named Boyd then try to relate this to some kind of expanded gravity with torsion because spin is supposed to be a source of torsion in space. All that seems to me quite reasonable, and maybe even the right track to follow. (L) He even talks about the funny 'light pole.' (A) What I want to know is if the things that Shpilman is describing really work?

**A:** Yes, they would work.

**Q:** (A) Is it a path to a kind of expanded gravity?

**A:** Enhanced gravitational pull. Relates to space/time management.

**Q:** (A) Another problem: I am stuck at one point. When we were talking about phi and Mandelbrot, you mentioned the name 'Carboni.' (L) And you also mentioned the name 'Carboni' to Santilli, saying that this group was behind the Molise Institute.

**A:** Yes. Scientific/intelligence matrix. Neapolitan.

**Q:** (L) Well, we did a search and have not been able to find anything on it. I don't know if Molise has very much money behind it because, by looking at their pages, it doesn't seem to be very well funded.

**A:** Looks can be deceiving. Front is vulcanology.

**Q:** (L) You mean they study volcanoes?

**A:** Front.

**Q:** (L) Ark wrote an e-mail to Santilli because Ruggero sent out an announcement by e-mail that he was going to be suing several people for using his stuff without giving him credit; stealing his work, in effect. So, Ark wrote him a little note inquiring about the situation and invited him to get in touch. So far, we haven't had any response. Any comment?

**A:** Terry and Jan Rodemerk poisoned this link.

{I suspect that this response does not suggest that Terry and Jan did this consciously or deliberately.}

**Q:** (L) I was recently re-reading that Santilli session, and it is really strange. He was so happy and enthusiastic, and he somehow just got turned off and turned completely cold. Is there any point in pursuing that link?

**A:** You can reestablish it if you wish, with some effort to make clear that Arkadiusz is here.

**Q:** (L) Is it useful to reestablish that link, for research reasons or otherwise?

**A:** Possibly, but his faculties are not what they once were.

**Q:** (A) But, I still don't understand what is the story with this Carboni that was mentioned in a quite unexpected way, in relation to phi?

**A:** Phi is a key component to the puzzle with regard to gravity waves. Carboni relates to one of the "keepers of the castle," so to speak.

**Q:** (A) So, this is a kind of a foundation, yes?

**A:** Clues, clues.

**Q:** (L) Maybe Carboni is the name of an author or something that relates to this. A castle implies a kind of fortification in which something is being protected. So, maybe somebody named Carboni knows one of the keys to get inside...

**A:** Yes, but this is dangerous to fool with, unless with care! Figure it out yourself? O.K. Publicize it? Be oh so careful. Magnetic fields relate. Mineral properties... Study these with regard to your gravitational questions. What compounds balance material space? Which ones reflect this property on your locator?

**Q:** (L) Are you guys gonna leave if I ask the 'Nobel Prize' question?

**A:** Try it and see.

**Q:** (L) Are we ever gonna win the Nobel Prize?

A; Open.

**Q:** (L) Well, we would really like to have some bucks to settle down to this research, work on the web pages, publish books, and so forth... I would like to get a book put together and sell it on the website. Which, by the way, we have a new domain... called 'cassiopaea.org.' Aren't you proud? I have put up a LOT of new material and people are reading it! Well? (A) No comment.

**A:** Yes, so now we say goodbye.

END OF SESSION

