## August 28, 1999
**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**A:** Kiolorra.

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have been discussing the strange visitors to our website. It seems that there is a lot of interest from groups that are connected with intelligence and military organizations. Can you tell us what their interest is in our material?

**A:** Material is largely accurate.

**Q:** Do they understand that this material is largely accurate, and is this the reason for their interest?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Do we have to be concerned about any ramifications as a result of their interest?

**A:** Not interest we speak of; destiny.

**Q:** Well, since we have revamped the website, there has been a huge amount of interest, so we have decided that it would be a good idea to get a book out since I can already see signs of plagiarism on other sites, and they are taking whole chunks of our material and passing it around on some of the news groups. I need to put the whole thing together. Any advice about the book? Anything you would like to add or suggest?

**A:** Be careful to make attributions valid.

**Q:** I don't think that will be a problem. Anything else?

**A:** Resist urge to place credit/onus on yourself. E.G. if "you know what hits the fan," do you wish to be in the line of fire?

**Q:** I don't think that's a problem either.

**Q:** Now, I asked Terry and Jan to contribute to the book, and I would like to know how to place them in context? Can you advise? Should they be just observers and sometime participants?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Should they also be in the context of significant contributors to the receiving of the information?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** I have noticed from the energetic action at the times they were present, it almost seemed that they were a ground wire, so to speak? Would that be an accurate assessment?

**A:** Maybe.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I think they were active and lively participants.

**A:** Tell the story as it happened.

**Q:** I had thought that I would limit the story and concentrate on the material.

**A:** The material is part of the story. So are the participants.

**Q:** What about all the peripheral people

**A:** Each deserves mention commensurate with input/impact.

**Q:** Gads! That will be a HUGE story to tell all of that!

**A:** Not necessarily.

**Q:** I have this book, this Marcia Schafer thing: "Confessions of an Intergalactic Anthropologist," and its a bunch of channelled stuff; one thing she says: "the snake is associated with the sign of wisdom and higher learning, and is often regarded quite highly in mystical circles." She had an interaction with a rattlesnake, for which she felt sympathy, and she also has sympathetic interactions with Lizzies. I would like to have a comment on the idea of the snake as a "sign of wisdom and higher learning." Does this, in fact, represent what the snake symbolizes?

**A:** Snake is/was reported in context of the viewpoint of the observer.

**Q:** Are you saying that when the observer's viewpoint is that the snake is a symbol of higher learning, maybe...

**A:** Maybe the observer was just "blown away" by the experience.

**Q:** Clarify, please.

**A:** If you were living in the desert, or jungle, about 7,000 years ago, as you measure time, would you not be impressed if these Reptoid "dudes" came down from the heavens in silvery objects and demonstrated techno-wonders from thousands of years in the future, and taught you calculus, geometry and astrophysics to boot?!?

**Q:** Is that, in fact, what happened?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** Well, this is one of the problems I am dealing with in trying to write this history of mankind. As I understand it, or as I am trying to figure it out from the literature, prior to the 'Fall in Eden,' mankind lived in a 4th density state. Is that correct?

**A:** Semi/sort of.

**Q:** Please be more specific.

**A:** 4th density in another realm, such as time/space continuum, etc.

**Q:** Okay, so this realm changed, as a part of the cycle; various choices were made: the human race went through the door after the 'gold,' so to speak, and became aligned with the Lizzies after the 'female energy' consorted with the wrong side, so to speak. This is what you have said. This resulted in a number of effects: the breaking up of the DNA, the burning off of the first ten factors of DNA, the separation of the hemispheres of the brain...

**A:** Only reason for this: you play in the dirt, you're gonna get dirty.

**Q:** What was the motivating factor for playing in the dirt? What essential thing occurred? You said once that it was 'desire based imbalance.' What was it a desire for?

**A:** Increased physicality.

**Q:** What was the objective sought for in this desire for increased physicality?

**A:** Sensate.

**Q:** How was sensate experienced so that these beings had an idea that they could get more if they increased their physicality?

**A:** Not experienced, demonstrated.

**Q:** Demonstrated how, by who?

**A:** Do you not know?

**Q:** It was demonstrated by the Lizzies?

**A:** Basically.

**Q:** Demonstrated in what way? Did they say: 'here, try this!' Or did they demonstrate by showing or doing?

**A:** Closer to the latter.

**Q:** They were doing, experimenting, playing, and saying: 'look, we are doing this, it's so great, come here and try it?'

**A:** Not really. More like: "you could have this."

**Q:** What seemed to be so desirable about this increased physicality when they said 'you can have this?'

**A:** Use your imagination!

**Q:** Was there any understanding, or realization of any kind, that increased physicality could be like Osiris lured into his own coffin by Set? That they would then slam the lid shut and nail him in?

**A:** Obviously, such understanding was lacking.

**Q:** Sounds like a pretty naive bunch! Does the lack of this understanding reflect a lack of knowledge?

**A:** Of course. But more, it is desire getting in the way of...

**Q:** Okay. The 'Fall' occurred. It seems like, and some of the archaeological studies indicate, that for many thousands of years, there was a peaceful existence and a nice agrarian society where the goddess or female creative forces were worshipped. At least, this is what a lot of present-day books are proposing...

**A:** No. These events took place 309000 years ago, as you measure it. This is when the first prototype of what you call "modern man" was created. The controllers had the bodies ready, they just needed the right soul matrix to agree to "jump in."

**Q:** So, prior to this time, this prior Edenic state...

**A:** Was more like 4th density.

**Q:** But that implies that there was some level of physicality. Was there physicality in the sense of bodies that look like present-day humans?

**A:** Not quite.

**Q:** What did these pre-fall...

**A:** Cannot answer because it is too complex for you to understand.

**Q:** Does this mean that the are experienced... that the bodies we possibly would move into as 4th density beings, assuming that one does, would also be too complex for us to understand? You are saying that this 'sort of 4th density' pre-Fall state, in terms of the physical bodies, is too complex to understand. If going back to 4th density is anything like coming from 4th density, does that mean that what we would go back to is something that is too complex to understand? This variability of physicality that you have described?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, was there any kind of worship of God, or religious activity in this pre-Fall state; this Edenic, 4th density state?

**A:** No need when one has a clue.

**Q:** What I am trying to get at here, what I am trying to understand, is the transition from the goddess worship to the god worship; the change from the understanding of cyclical time as expressed in the feminine cycles, and expressed as the goddess; to the concept of linear time, expressed as the masculine principle. It seems to me that these were stages of inversion of concepts which gradually led to the ideas that the Lizzies are imposing on us, and seem to have been working in this direction for millennia - the dominator experience which expresses as: believe in something outside yourself that will save you, otherwise you are damned because the world is gonna end, and you are going to get judged. This is the concept I am trying to deal with here. I am trying to understand what was worshipped. Okay, we had these guys; they fell from Eden, but they were still fairly close to the original concepts, in some terms. Once they jumped into the physical bodies, as you put it, what was their level of conceptualization regarding the universe? Did they still retain some understanding at that point?

**A:** Kind of like the understanding one has after severe head trauma, vis a vis your normal understanding in your current state.

**Q:** So, they were traumatized; they may have had bits and pieces of ideas and memories, but they may also have lost a great deal altogether. There may have even been a sort of "coma" state of mankind for many millennia. But, after they woke up, with the bits and pieces floating around in their heads, they may have begun to attempt to piece it all together. So, they started putting it all back together. What was the first thing they put together regarding the cosmos around them?

**A:** Sex.

**Q:** What did they decide about sex? I mean, sex was there. They were having sex. Is that it? Or, did they understand the cosmos as sex?

**A:** More like the former. After all, that is what got you guys in this mess in the first place! Just imagine the sales job if you can: "Look how much fun this is! Want to try it?!? Oops, sorry, we forgot to tell you, you cannot go back!"

**Q:** I really fail to understand - and I know it is a big issue that has been hinted at and alluded to, and outright claims have been made regarding sex in all religions and mythologies - but I fail to understand the mechanics of how this can be the engineering of a 'fall.' What, precisely, are the mechanics of it? What energy is generated? How is it generated? What is the conceptualization of the misuse of this energy, or the use of the energy?

**A:** It is simply the introduction of the concept of self-gratification of a physical sort.

**Q:** On many occasions you have said that the ideal thing is to have perfect balance of physicality and ethereality. This has been said on a number of occasions. Now, I don't understand how it can be that gratification of a physical body can be the mechanics by which one is entrapped? Is it not gratifying to look at something beautiful? Is it wrong, sinful, or a form of a fall, to look at beauty, to hear something beautiful such as music, or to touch something that is sensually delightful such as a piece of silk or the skin of a loved one? These various things that the human being derives pleasure from very often elevate them to a spiritual state.

**A:** Possession is the key.

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** In STS, you possess.

**Q:** That's what I am saying here...

**A:** If you move through the beautiful flowers, the silk, the skin of another, but do not seek to possess...

**Q:** It seems to me that it is possible to experience all of these things, including sex, without the need or desire to possess; only to give. In which case, I still don't understand how it can be a mechanism for a 'fall.'

**A:** If it is desired, then the mechanism is not to give. Do you eat a piece of chocolate cake because it is good to give to the stomach?

**Q:** Well, you could!

**A:** No, in STS, which is your realm do not forget, one gives because of the pleasant sensation which results.

**Q:** Could it not be said that, if everything that exists is part of God, including the flesh, that if one gives to the flesh, without being attached to the giving, that it could be considered a giving to the 'All?'

**A:** Explain the process.

**Q:** For example: there are some people who like to suffer, because they believe that the flesh is sinful. That is a big thing that the Lizzies have instituted. For centuries they have wanted people to suffer, and they have made this big deal about sex and anything that might be considered pleasant or desirable should be denied, and that a person should suffer, and revel in their suffering. And, actually, making a person...

**A:** If one seeks to suffer, they do so in expectation of future reward. They desire to possess something in the end.

**Q:** What I am saying is: if a person can simply BE, in the doing and being of who and what they are, in simplicity; to become involved in doing everything as a meditation, or as a consecration, whether they are walking down the street and being at one with the air, the sunshine, the birds and trees and other people; in this state of oneness, doesn't that constitute a giving to the universe as giving oneself up as a channel for the universe to experience all these things?

**A:** Not if one is "feeling this oneness."

**Q:** We are what we are. Nature is nature. Progression is progression. And if people would just relax and be who and what they are in honesty, and do what is according to their nature without violating the Free Will of others, that this is a more pure form of being than doing things out of any feeling of expectation, or desire; to just BE, not want... just BE?

**A:** Yes, but STS does not do that.

**Q:** (A) From which I draw conclusions: if there STS around us, we cannot just...

**A:** You are all STS. If you were not, you would not be where you are.

**Q:** (A) There are those who are happy in the STS mode; and there are those who are trying to get out of the STS mode...

**A:** STO candidate.

**Q:** (A) These STO candidates cannot just simply BE, even theoretically, because then, STS would eat them.

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why not?

**A:** STS does not eat according to protocol.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** What do you suppose?

**Q:** I have no idea!

**A:** STS "eats" whatever it wants to, if it is able.

**Q:** That's what we said. If you are STO in an STS world, you are basically defenseless and they eat you.

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why? What makes STO unavailable or 'inedible?'

**A:** Frequency resonance not in sync.

**Q:** (A) But then, that would mean that all these people who are saying that we need just to love everything and everybody, are right. They just be, and love, don't do anything, just give everything to the Lizzies... they are right!

**A:** No, because motivation is STS.

**Q:** How is the motivation to love everything and everybody, and to just give, STS?

**A:** Feels good.

**Q:** So, they want to do it because it feels good?

**A:** Want is an STS concept.

**Q:** So, you seem to be suggesting that the real trick is to just become non-attached to anything and anybody, do nothing, and just dissolve into nothing? No thought, no want, no do, no be, no anything!

**A:** If you are STS, that does not fit, but, if you did exactly that, you would reincarnate in an STO realm, where such energy does fit.

**Q:** But, if you have become nothing, how do you reincarnate? And, when you say 'reincarnate,' that implies being in a body!

**A:** You do not become nothingness.

**Q:** But, being incarnated means being in a body?

**A:** No.

**Q:** You mean moving into a realm that does not necessarily mean being in a body?

**A:** Close. But 4th density is partially physical. Does not consume nor possess.

**Q:** (A) This is contradictory to what we are doing. (L) Why write a book or do anything? There is no point. We should just sit around, do nothing but contemplate our navels and do nothing. (F) Why do you say that? (L) Because doing anything at all constitutes wanting, needing, possessing, having, and so on. (F) Of course, because this is an STS realm. (L) So, therefore, we should do nothing. We should contemplate our navels and try to get out of it and to heck with everybody else! (F) I disagree. (L) Otherwise, it is contradictory. If you try to help anyone else, or do for anyone else, you are desiring to help them. Therefore, you are desiring to change something... (F) Well, sure, but this is an STS realm. (L) Anyway, I would like to know who and what this Marcia Schafer is channelling. She seems to be channelling several sources, or claims to be. Could you tell me who and what?

**A:** Not yet, because this issue is not yet resolved. You are confused because you seem to think you must be STO to be an STO candidate. You are STS, and you simply cannot be otherwise, until you either reincarnate or transform at realm border crossing.

**Q:** Alright, I got that.

**A:** But, did Ark?

**Q:** We are here, we are what we are, and until the realm border comes, we can't be anything else. (F) So, don't worry about being STS. That is what we all are. As long as we eat food, that's what we are. It's that simple. You can be moving toward STO, but you aren't there yet, and there is nothing wrong with that. (A) We ask a question, and you answer this question, and this answer can be interpreted in different ways. I am not sure which way this answer was meant. The answer was: if you are STS, the answer does not fit. I mean, sitting and doing nothing. If you are STS that does not fit. But, if you do exactly that, you will reincarnate in an STO realm where such an energy does fit. There are several interpretations. One is that, if we do exactly that, we reincarnate in an STO realm where the energy does fit, and it would be just the right thing to do, because we WANT to be in an STO realm. So, one sure way to go to an STO realm is to sit under the tree and do nothing and contemplate your navel, but not having too much fun... eat nothing, desire nothing... typical Zen. There is another possible interpretation: if you would do exactly that, then you would reincarnate in an STO realm where such energy does fit, but there may be other STO realms that do NOT consist of such energies. So, maybe there is a way to another way to another STO realm, to which this energy does NOT go, but other ways would go. (L) And, there is another problem here: the very fact that one would do this is DESIRING to go to an STO realm! Which precludes the going. If you desire to be STO, you are screwed! (A) Not being, that is what some teachers teach. Nirvana. Is this something that is supposed to be the only way, and is it something that we are being encouraged to follow because it is no desire, no anything. Or, are there different STO realms?

**A:** Not different realms, as such, but different ways of getting there. Your respective developments have led you to where you are.

**Q:** Alright. I want to get a couple of quick questions in about these books...

**A:** The books? Consider them to be trolling bits and pieces of info from ethereal sources.

**Q:** One thing she says here: "Reptilian species are a common visitor, at least for me. They always wear a uniform... their civilization emphasizes culture and educational training..." She also writes that she read a book by another gentleman who described his experiences with creatures that was "hauntingly similar," though his encounters were not with Reptoids. She judges the other guy's account to be authentic based on her own experiences, and sort of draws a connection between this other group of aliens and her own group based on the name similarity. She then says that "this is a very loving society, and I do not believe that the name mix-up, if there was one, would be due to misguided humor." The conclusion she draws by making the comparison, based on the name is that the Reptoids are a "loving society.' She says here that "the Grays have always regarded her with friendliness and treated her well." Here she says: "We are now having a lot of contact with Andromedans. I keep seeing a very human looking being resembling us a bit when I try to remember their image. They are very scientifically advanced. Many people who have a finely developed scientific or medical intellect have ties to this planetary civilization. I say this, because when I meet these folks, I am telepathed about their civilization. The Andromedans have a strong presence..." Well, I guess she isn't aware that the Andromedans are most likely the invention of someone else's wild imagination after borrowing a huge chunk of our text files!

**A:** Wolves do well when they present in sheep's' clothing.

**Q:** Aside from most of the absurdities in this book, there was one thing that did disturb me: On March 19, 1997, she says that she had a major abduction. She remarks that "I recall being present at a meeting with hundreds of other humans. In retrospect, this bothers me. We were told that we were being tested to see how well we could recall specific training we had been given over our lifetimes to work their technology. Each of us had a partner and we were assigned to activate small 3 seater spacecraft. I don't know what the other people were told, but I do recall what happened to me. They had a lot of information and it was given in pieces. I was informed that I would no longer be allowed to dismiss or repress my work with others not of this planet. They said that the time had come, and I must have complete recall. They showed me a life review. They revealed all the visits and interactions I had in this lifetime. As they were about to start this, I recall arguing heatedly with them. In fact, I remember saying "No f__ing way! I'm not going through this. In retrospect, I find this kind of funny in a juvenile type of way, that I swore at them. I received back the telepathic response: 'Way!' In other words, I had no choice and this was going to happen. Generally my wishes were respected in things of this matter. But, not now; they said it was 'time' and I was being brought into 'full activation' in accordance with schedule, whatever that means."

It just so happens that this event {described above in excerpt from book} occurred at about the same time of the major UFO sightings out in Phoenix, and, if I remember correctly, you commented at the time that things were really getting ready to heat up, though we were unaware of these sightings then, being so busy with travelling back and forth to Gainesville. You did indicate that this had something to do with the fact that Ark and I were together, finally, and the beginning stages of some grand destiny were falling into place.

{We had a session on the night of the 15th, and I asked the question about what had made me so violently sick the previous night, and for several nights previous to this, I had awakened startled and fighting, feeling presences in the room and things touching me. Also, on the night of this session, the spider descended on the table in the middle of asking our questions about protons.}

Is there any relationship between what was occurring with this Marcia Schafer, and what was occurring with us?

**A:** Well, best to consider this book, and the author, as an amalgamation of things read and things imagined.

**Q:** (A) There is something funny. Before, they said that they can't disclose who is this woman channelling. (L) No, they didn't want to talk about the book because of the other issue. Now, Olga Kharatidi has some interesting experiences in a physics lab in Novosibirtsk, Russia, so she claims. She claims to have had some other interesting experiences with some shamans up in the Altai Mountains. Then, I later read that there was archaeological evidence that the Altai Mountains had traces of civilization that were dated back 300,000 years. My question is: are the Altai Mountains the magnetic meridian you were pointing us to when you were talking about Novosibirtsk and Irkutsk, and did it have anything to do with the archaeological discoveries that were made there at about the time she was having here shamanic experiences....

**A:** This is a good lead for you.

**Q:** Yes, this book has a quite different flavor from the others. (A) Is this story she tells about this Nuclear Physics Laboratory in Novosibirtsk a true story?

**A:** Pretty close.

**Q:** Has she disguised the names and specific place?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Was it in Novosibirtsk?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Was it the Institute of Nuclear Physics?

**A:** Name close, but there are 12 major facilities there.

**Q:** One of the things she did: they had her go into a tube, the interior of which was polished like a mirror, and it was in this tube that all of the visionary and hearing of voices stuff happened. It is sort of on the line of the psychomantium, with one exception, she wore earphones that blocked out all sound. My thought was, would it be useful or advisable for us to use the earphone and music technique too?

**A:** Okay.

**Q:** Do you still consider the use of the psychomantium to be a technique to follow?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** I have wondered if painting the frame of the mirror black would help.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** I just, for some reason, can't get motivated to do it. I don't know why.

**A:** Too many distractions, such as the "pitter patter of juvenile feet."

**Q:** There is not a whole lot I can do about that! I have here Carla Turner's "Masquerade of Angels," the story of Ted Rice and all his experiences. Is the methodology used by Barbara Bartholic in stripping away screen memories a valid method, or is it possible that she creates memories that do not exist by her approach?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** This idea that came out with Ted Rice was perfectly horrible. He said he remembered his grandmother being raped by a Reptoid that pretended to be her dead husband, and that basically, the reptoids killed his grandmother. He came to see all of his psychic experiences and everything that happened to him as instituted and controlled by the Lizards. Is that, in fact, the case? Or, did he also have some good guys working with him?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** Did he, essentially, throw the baby out with the bathwater because of his work with Bartholic?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Well, there does not seem to be a lot of discernment and discrimination in that crowd. Everything is either black or white.

**Q:** (L) There were several dark streaks seen in the sky at the time of the recent solar eclipse. There has been a great deal of comment about this at various sites on the internet including some of the 'hard science' astronomical ones, yet there is no general consensus as to what they were. There were also strange lights and objects seen around the sun, and later, crossing the surface of the moon. There is also an ongoing discussion about some sort of 'Incoming Object' as though there is an anomalous object in our solar system that is creating this effect. Now, I realize that you said before that we ought to watch for something AFTER Comet Lee, the exact words being ' Now, you need to know the composition of this comet... And any other closely following same. We have alluded to the increased cometary activity before. Oort, and that which cyclically disturbs it.' So, it does seem that what you were alluding to is transpiring at the present. I mean, 'closely following' probably means close in terms of time, also. And you did say that such comets as have been disturbed would approach in a 'scatter pattern,' which would mean from any and all directions. Can you comment on these current events?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** Why? Is there something we should be watching for?

**A:** Best to keep watching....

**Q:** Anything in particular we should be watching for?

**A:** No. Be open to all possibilities.

**Q:** Are we on the verge of a) an alien invasion; b) a cometary impact; c) the appearance of a twin sun, a death star in our solar system?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** I don't want to wait and see! (A) Wait and see! When it hits us, we will know! (L) Let me ask this....

**A:** What a glorious transition to 4th density STO. With maybe a quick stopover in 5th just to pick up a few things for the trip!

**Q:** Are you saying that we are getting ready for the Big Kahuna?

**A:** Only Don Ho knows for sure.

**Q:** What?!

**A:** Well, you did say "Kaahuna," yes?

**Q:** Okay, you have repeatedly, in the past year, alluded to something that we are supposed to be watching for, that we are supposed to 'enjoy the show,' and all that sort of thing. Now you have made this remark about 5th density, where 3rd density goes at death. Are you suggesting that a lot of folks are going to check out?

**A:** Maybe we were trying to Lighten things up a bit!

**Q:** That's all fine and good, but I just want one word here, a clue about what is coming down in the near future that you are making all these hints about... just a one word clue?

**A:** KABOOM!

**Q:** Now wait a minute! You can't DO that! What do you mean 'kaboom?' I changed my mind, I want two words! One more word!

**A:** SPLAT!

**Q:** Okay, a word that applies to us sitting right here....

**A:** Florida.

**Q:** We KNOW its Florida! What about a word that will give me a clue about our location?

**A:** Hot.

**Q:** (A) I guess that means it will be hot here, but safe.

**A:** Okay. Hot but safe, maybe.

**Q:** Kaboom and splat? Does that relate to what you said about C____ last year when I asked if she had a plan to fulfill that she was not attending to at present and you said 'Fate will intercede,' When I asked HOW fate was going to intercede, you said 'Do you really want to know?' So, I said that I just wanted a one word clue, and you said: 'CRUNCH.' Is this what we are talking about here? Can we connect these dots?

**A:** Oh no, she is in the mountains. So of course, she is safe!!!

**Q:** (A) She is safe because she is in the mountains?

**A:** Humor, people!

**Q:** So that is a backward clue?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (A) I don't know for what reason, but I want to write about disinformation, or lying, by Bearden and misleading by Richard Hoagland. I want to expose them. I don't know if it is a good thing, but the idea that I should do it, provided it is done in a proper way...

**A:** The problem with Mr. Hoagland is that he has been lead astray by others.

**Q:** (A) He has been lead astray by others, and now he is leading astray many others himself.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I don't know why, but somehow I want to prevent this. The main question is: he takes a lot of info and propagates some of the ideas that come from Bearden, and which, to me, are evidently wrong. I believe Bearden knows that he is simply lying; about Maxwell equations, for example; how physicists have been deceived and how silly they are and how they are in the dark. My question is: assuming that, because it is almost evident to me, that he is lying and he knows that he is lying, why is doing that?

**A:** Maybe has been paid to do so. Who would benefit from this? {Hoagland and Bearden's lies.}

**Q:** (A) Government, secret government, Lizzies...

**A:** Uh huh.

**Q:** (A) The next question is: will I be in trouble...

**A:** Best to contact him directly, privately.

**Q:** (A) Him? Bearden or Hoagland?

**A:** Former. Hoagland is not in control anymore.

**Q:** What would result from contacting Bearden? (A) If he is being paid for lying, what would follow?

**A:** If you do it right, maybe you will get an insightful response.

**Q:** (A) A possible insightful response would be persuading me to publish this. Okay. But, I want to get more info about this Bearden. My hypothesis is: yes, he is being paid to lie; and he is also not completely free; nevertheless, he has a certain good will, so he tries to lie in such a way that...

**A:** Yes, but few see it.

**Q:** (A) What positive effect could result from contacting him and writing about it, supposing it is done in a right way?

**A:** Tread softly.

**Q:** (A) I have such a problem: we have this book by Osho. I was reading this, and this piece tells the following: you should not look at what others are doing, whether they are lying or whatever, because you should concentrate on yourself, and the things you should do. Watching your neighbors just takes your attention from what you should be doing. So, I don't know. (A) Maybe my urge to do this is a distraction?

**A:** True. Truth exposes lies for those who need to learn.

**Q:** I guess it is better to just talk about what is good and right and true, and spend less time pointing out what others are doing that are lies. Those who are ready to receive it, will get it. Those who want to believe Hoagland and Bearden, will do so no matter what you say because they want to believe lies.

**A:** Right!

**Q:** (A) I don't know what the truth is....

**A:** But you will!

**Q:** (A) Okay, we are done. (L) And final words, consolation, advice... I mean, you kind of left us hanging here!

**A:** Enjoy upcoming events. Good night.

END OF SESSION

