## November 13, 1999
(L) We have a lot of questions to get through tonight, and I have sort of organized them so that the ones that will go quickly are in the top of the pile; but we know how THAT goes! Could be a BIG mistake! We could be here all night on just one of them! Okay....

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Fogorrh.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** The first question we have here is from a correspondent who asks: "Have the Cassiopaeans ever mentioned the significance of numbers?" She was particularly interested in the number 666, and I answered that there was already some discussion of this on the website. I also mentioned that there is some good material on the subject that I have not posted yet because I have not gotten to that yet. But, she did ask a couple of questions that we had not covered before, so I wanted to get them in here. She asks about this "magic square of the sun." Does this have any deep symbolic meaning?

**A:** Mathematics is organized such that one can construct what one wishes.

**Q:** Are you saying that Professor Eco was correct when he wrote: "With numbers you can do anything you like... I believe the universe is a great symphony of numerical correspondences..." and that the works of man "reproduce in their structures, unconsciously, the harmonies of the cosmos. ...If there is a secret, it is much more profound..." and that those who write about such things remain simply on the surface, "discovering with their incredibly tortuous methods a straightforward truth. ...The true initiate knows that these are metaphors, masks, conventional lies or, at most, pathetic surrogates, for an ancestral forgotten force."

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Okay. Then it's a good thing that it's Greek to both of us! Next, she heard something along this line and asked: "Do crop circles use geometry and gematria to send us messages?

**A:** Messages? Yes. Geometry and "geometria? If one so desires.

**Q:** Okay. I think we can use our brains to figure out the rest of it. Next question; a reader writes: "In Scientology, man is viewed as a composite entity comprised of one being, supposed hopefully to be "in charge," and an enormous number of separate entities in various states of consciousness/unconsciousness, not completely dissimilar to the description given in Ouspensky's "In Search of the Miraculous." One of the critical differences between what the Cassiopaeans are saying and what is given as fact in Scientology is that, in Scientology, one is taught that one is not ultimately One, that an individual remains an individual to the upper reaches of evolution, and evolves as a "god."

**A:** The Grand Pulsation makes individuality a temporary state of being.

**Q:** By saying that the Grand Pulsation is only a temporary state of individuation, this means that all are One and return to the state of Oneness.

**A:** Yes. If so, it is always true. All are ultimately "god."

**Q:** But they don't evolve as a god by remaining individual in the upper reaches of evolution?

**A:** What would be the purpose?

**Q:** I guess they are hung up on remaining individuals and becoming as "gods" for power and control issues... sort of ulitmate STS.

**A:** Maybe that would work if time and linear reality were correct, but...

**Q:** Next question, and I think this one will be quick: can you make any comments on the likelihood of this Y2K situation getting out of hand and bringing on the "New World Order" or causing the institution of Martial Law, or causing people to need to store food, guns, ammunition and take all their money out of the bank? There is an AWFUL lot of hysteria out there about this...

**A:** Ask them what happened on November 7th.

**Q:** Oh, you mean the big Hoagland prediction that something was going to strike the earth... supposedly revealed to him by a "confidential informant" who somehow proved his "reliability," by having "inside information" and so forth. In other words, another spate of disinformation?

**A:** Yup!

**Q:** Okay. Another reader asks what really happened to Flight 990?

**A:** Pilots lost control when windburst tipped plane. Autopilot was disengaged after beginning of dive. Centrifugal force prevented soon enough correction in attitude to prevent structural damage to wings and struts. When plane was reascending, stresses sheared off right wing. No radio contact was made due to the desperation of the situation requiring all attention of the flight crew.

**Q:** Did you mean "altitude?"

**A:** We meant "attitude."

**Q:** So there was really nothing mysterious about the crash of Flight 990.

**A:** Mysteries are subjective.

**Q:** Were there any mysterious personages aboard this plane, such as persons involved in the "HOR project" in Egypt?

**A:** Probably not. But even if so, do some of your correspondents think everything is a conspiracy!?!

**Q:** Yes. Some of them do! Next question; a correspondent writes: I am wondering if you could ask the Cassiopaeans about the ORIGIN of the TAROT CARDS. Do they represent the esoteric knowledge that the god Thoth - an Atlantean High Priest - wanted saved at the time of the sinking of Atlantis?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What do Tarot cards represent?

**A:** A method for sensitives to tune in with. Or for less psychically endowed persons to "play" with.

**Q:** Were they carved by the god Thoth on transparent crystal tablets according to principles of sacred geometry?

**A:** If so, why did Thoth not get a "copyright?"

**Q:** So, they were not carved on transparent crystal tablets?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did the Atlantean high priests bring them to Egypt?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did they come from the Druids?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Who invented them?

**A:** Greek origin, refined in Roman times in France.

**Q:** Well, I guess that takes care of that! Now, there is a rather desperate couple of letters from a correspondent who writes:

"about 5 years ago , I had a reading from a very good trance channel. The female voice that came in said I was from Andromeda and she was my Tracker. She explained my lineage and evolvement there. She also said I had been to many ascending planets. I assumed that what I did was assist in that process.; she did not say that. I have now enrolled in that spiritual school of ascension. They say that I am an information broker. That means that I have unconscious agreements to provide ascension information to Andromeda. That does not sound bad, it sounds like service. It's not. It keeps me from ascending. It also creates karma for me , because I have been instrumental in taking other people's information without them knowing it. I need information on this phenomenon. I hope you will help me. No one knows how to break the contract effectively. The school says that the Andromedans have engineered their ascension. is this true? I wish to cancel my contract and get my information back, how can I do that? Information brokering is causing those involved to not ascend , even when they do not consciously know it. Can the Andromedans not read the information without depleting our ascension gridwork? We ask that something be changed so that we are not depleted. We ask the Cassiopaeans to assist. This is a call to assist in returning information and canceling contracts. that affect our information. All help will be appreciated. I do not have a clue about which Andromedans are involved. "

This lady wrote in an earlier letter that this "School of Ascension" was run by folks who call themselves "Lord and Lady Agape and Lord and Lady Athena." Aside from the fact that this sounds an awful lot like that Circe nonsense, I thought you might address this directly, aside from the fact that the only contract I can see that needs to be cancelled is the one to pay any money to attend this "school."

**A:** Dabbling in such nonsense is not necessary for one to ascend. Two more comments: in this case, a "good trance channel" is defined as one which tells the client that which the client wishes to hear. Comment two: What?! No "godsparks?"

{This is a humorous reference to another "psychic" of which we are aware, who was assigning "godspark levels" to her clients in a completely nonsensical cosmology designed to separate the client from their money and make them feel important.}

**Q:** Here is a guy who asks: "do you know about the 'Revelation of the Method?'"

**A:** What method?

**Q:** Good question. (A) I would like to know how we should respond to the Fundamentalists who write and threaten us?

**A:** Best approach is to not respond.

**Q:** Next question, or series of questions; this correspondent wrote on our Discussion Page:

"If the Cassiopeans are correct in that Humans came from the 7th density via Lucifer/the fall, why did they choose this? If we came from 7th density we would be aware of the knowledge of the Cassiopeans and more, and as time has no meaning above the 3rd density, then we would have known what would happen to us, including the takeover by the STS group. This can be explained by the Grand Cycle, as we would have known that we would need to do this, but then where is free will? It would seem as though we are caught in an endless loop, which is ultimately futile. On the other hand, if there is free will then, as time does not exist, we should not even be here as all would have happened in an instant as everything progressed to 7th density in a single moment of thought! Since this does not appear to have happened, then everything must in fact be changing continuously. 7th density is union with the One, as stated by the Cassiopaeans. This would equate to the ultimate expression of our existence, as we were, are and will be there. Why leave? As this requires an orientation to STO, then our decision to leave could only be a benefit to all, as opposed to being "cast out" for the desire for physicality. To me, this can express an attempt to go beyond 7th density! Why leave unless there was an something more to be learned in this existence! But what could that possibly be! The Cassiopeans, who claim to be what we were/are/will be, perhaps could shed some light on this subject. Another possibility is that we are attempting to change the Lizzies by letting them change us! As much as they have given us their brain, they are taking samples of us to incorporate into the Greys and possibly themselves. Hard to get more Machiavellian than that! Last thought. If we at 7th density did make a mistake by coming down to 3rd density, then couldn't the Cassiopeans, at 6th, be just as prone to error? The reason I have gone into these lines of thought are that I want to understand a bit of the BIG picture. Understanding motives goes a long way to understanding our world/reality. I would like to try to understand our motives for being here, as has been pointed out, knowledge is all and we are ultimately in charge of our own destinies regardless of whatever influences there are. I admit I would like to ascribe some higher motives to our presence here out of ego, but wouldn't it make more sense as well?"

I suppose you want me to break this down into questions?

**A:** Yes we do.

**Q:** Okay. If humans came from 7th density via the "Fall," why did they choose this?

**A:** Not choice in a sense as understood by 3rd density STS.

**Q:** If we came from 7th density we would be aware of the knowledge of the Cassiopeans and more, and as time has no meaning above the 3rd density, then we would have known what would happen to us, including the takeover by the STS group.

**A:** Who said that humans descended from 7th density?

**Q:** Well, you said that human beings are a "fragmented soul unit" that, before they came into the bodies here on earth were "In Union with the One." And, Union with the One is 7th density as you have so often said.

**A:** We have also said the the end is the beginning and vice versa.

**Q:** It would seem as though we are caught in an endless loop, which is ultimately futile.

**A:** It would seem that way if one is transposing 3rd density linear thought from a physicalized standpoint upon that which is infinitely more complex.

**Q:** On the other hand, if there is free will then, as time does not exist, we should not even be here as all would have happened in an instant as everything progressed to 7th density in a single moment of thought!

**A:** See previous answer.

**Q:** The reason I have gone into these lines of thought are that I want to understand a bit of the BIG picture. Understanding motives goes a long way to understanding our world/reality. I would like to try to understand our motives for being here. So, he wants the big picture: why are we here? Why does ANYTHING exist?

**A:** This cannot be understood from your perspective. But no need. Patience, please. Lessons are learned sequentially. And, of course we can make errors. After all, we are still learning too, Ken!

**Q:** Now, here is this:

"You probably know I have been in correspondence with your husband regarding a way to apply his theories about the possibility of time travel. He has withdrawn any support on the grounds that there may be one chance in 10,000 that to do so would violate free will. I can't speak for Karen and she can no longer speak to me. I only know what she said while she was here. The last three months were very bad, and if she refused to stay here on the day she died, I would understand. But it is farther in the past which I want to change. I want to give her 5 to 10 years with one of my kidneys instead of less than two years dying on a machine. I cannot speak to her anymore, but perhaps you can. . Her name in this life was Karen Claudia S\*\*\*\*\*\*. Ask her if she could undo the transfusion and receive Gary's kidney, would she want to try again? If you can reach her, please give her this message:

"The Cassiopaeans said that time is selective and variable. I do not want to win a lottery or cure cancer or become rich and famous. Someone I love had a dream about creating a life where she could run a small art shop and be happy and successful. It was a small dream but she didn't think she could ever realize because she had a psychiatric problem she didn't understand. The problem was never completely resolved, but enough so that she could try to make her dream come true. The last two years of her life were the only ones that she said were happy. Nothing in my life gave me as much happiness as helping her build her dream. I don't want all that much, just a little more time for love.

"Please ask the Cassiopaens if developing a technology to allow humans to experience time as selective and variable is violating anyone's free will. The channeling you received say it is a natural function that is blocked by our illusions. I don't see how free will relates to that.

"Please ask Karen what she wants."

**A:** Now, as for this person: does he not understand? It is the soul that matters, not the body!!!

**Q:** Yes, but he has lost his perspective in his grief. He wants to deliver this message to Karen:

"Karen, I know now that I should not have been so focussed on storage and generators at our place in the country. It was my form of denial. I could create a place where we could survive even if the world crumbled around us for as long as we had fluid for your machine. What I couldn't face was that the machine was no longer working. Every week, your blood sugar swings got wider and you lost a little more function. Instead of creating our retreat because it was something I could do, I should have spent every moment with you. I should have been doing what I can do no longer, holding you in my arms and telling you how much I love you. I have all the time I need now to prepare for the future but all my hopes and dreams for that future died with you. I'm so sorry, sweetheart. Please forgive me."

**A:** Karen is at 5th density. Her soul energy understands what is germane. If forgiveness is warranted, it is given. This person is obviously comfortable with STS reality.

**Q:** Is developing a technology to allow humans to experience time as selective and variable violating anyone's free will?

**A:** Depends on how it is utilised.

**Q:** Would it be violating Karen's free will to go back and try to prevent her death?

**A:** It would also be impossible.

**Q:** Why would it be impossible? Technologically impossible? Or, was it that she had chosen to die no matter what for karmic reasons that we aren't aware of?

**A:** More complex than that, but closer to the latter.

**Q:** Well, I would like to tell this person just one thing that would help him to feel some peace and to understand a little better... but, he is so deep in his grief, I don't think he CAN understand anything but that...

**A:** You got it!

**Q:** Any other comment?

**A:** No.

**Q:** He wants me to ask Karen what she wants.

**A:** This is not 5th density "love connection."

**Q:** Okay, now this next correspondent writes:

"I decided to listen to one of the C's suggestions about Melatonin. What the heck, after all I might meet Santa! Curiously, It was rather hard to find it in our stores. It turns out that only a herbal/natural version of it is allowed for sale but I don't think that it's any different. Well, I must say it is all that I ever thought it would be. I have gone through the stages described in your transcripts and now am at a rather odd stage where everything seems like a TV broadcast Last night I had a very unusual dream about an asteroid impacting Earth. I must say, I do not necessarily subscribe to this theory. I have been reading A LOT about this so it could be my subconscious mind playing tricks on me. The impact took place in the vicinity of the north pole with the approach path from the south. But there was this curious red line extending up and over the pole after it had taken place. I don't know what it meant. Before, I also dreamt about there only being one more pope, the Japanese being involved with the Grays and I had some dreams with religious conotations. But what really blew me away was a dream couple of nights ago. I dream that I was lifting up from my bed, through the chimney (which I do not have) into a space ship! I could actually see myself lifting off the bed. Then I was on some sort of a raised surface with a short BEING with long arms and A HUMAN DOCTOR beside me. The little fellow seemed rather upset and tried to calm me down even though I was at peace, waving his arms to stop doing something. Then the doctor tried to do something to my lower back but I woke up. Now get this - I woke up turned around - with my feet on my pillows, on my back which I rarely do. When I got up, I actually noticed that the sheets weren't messed up at all - when I toss in my sleep, the sheets are always kicked off half of the bed. I don't know what happened, I know it sounds suspicios but I am very sceptical. In my case it is probably more of a wishful thinking than anything else. Regardless of what had taken place, this particular hormone resulted in a lot of research material."

I want to ask about this dream that our friend had under the influence of melatonin. There has been something of a controversy about it recently as one group claims that melatonin is stimulated in the brain by aliens in order to cause the paralysis that overcomes the victim and thereby enables them to go about their nefarious abducting activity. Is that, in fact, the case? Is melatonin part of the paralysis factor of alien abduction?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What chemicals are stimulated in the body to cause this paralysis?

**A:** That is not the method used.

**Q:** What IS the method used?

**A:** Electronic wave diversion.

**Q:** They are diverting the electronic waves of our brain or our physiology?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** Okay, what about our friend's dream; was this a memory, a dream or an abduction?

**A:** Etheric body abduction.

**Q:** What was the purpose of abducting his etheric body?

**A:** Study.

**Q:** Who abducted his etheric body?

**A:** Orion STS. Melatonin only serves to make one more aware of processes in this context.

**Q:** So, lots of people are being abducted, physically, etherically, or in other ways, and simply are not aware of it at all?

**A:** More often etherically.

**Q:** Most abductions are etheric, but people are not aware. The melatonin is what enables them to be aware of what is happening by removing the blocks the aliens put in place?

**A:** Precisely.

**Q:** And, by becoming aware, do they have some chance of stopping the abduction process by their awareness?

**A:** Or more importantly, limiting the damage. Knowledge protects.

**Q:** Well, that's bizarre. Now, our friend also writes:

"I'd like to mention one more thought that I had the other day. Actually, it ocurred to me while watching a trailer for "Cliffhanger". In that trailer Stallone was jumping out of the frozen pool of water with heaps of ice flying up in the air. At that point, I thought about the different states of energy. Ice is frozen water. From what I remember of my physics classes, freezing is like taking kinetic energy out of vibrating particles. The absolute zero is when the particles stop vibrating at all. Now, vapour goes the other way round - the extra kinetic energy is added and the particles escape their gravitational bounds turning into steam. Well, what if the ascension is like adding some extra energy. The the gravitational or other boundaries become meaningless since each individual vibrates on a higher level. What if you keep increasing the energy levels and the vibration is so rapid that you cannot be located - you are basically EVERYWHERE at any given point in "time" - the differences between the individual particles disappear and you become ONE/UNIFIED. Now, WHAT IF THAT ENERGY IS KNOWLEDGE?? The more knowledge you add, the more energetic your soul becomes."

Is this going in the right direction? Is knowledge energy or is energy knowledge? When you add knowledge, do you have more energy?

**A:** Energy is a component of knowledge, yes.

**Q:** Okay, now I was reading in this book that told that many secrets were hidden in the mystery of the Egyptian cat worship. I looked it up and found that this first sacred cat, the goddess Bastet, appeared sitting under a "Persea Tree." What is this Persea Tree?

**A:** The tree refers to the afterlife, as envisioned by the Egyptians. Felines were thought to be psychic, thus the connection to the afterlife, which was revered in the Nile Basin.

**Q:** Who were the Levites?

**A:** Sect of monk-like pacifists. Connected to Moses.

**Q:** Well, that doesn't make a lot of sense. They sure did a lot of warmongering and they were behind all the rules and regulations that the Jews followed and that was behind the orders to massacre entire races of. That doesn't seem to make sense at all!

**A:** Oh yes it does. Pacifists can be managers, not slaves.

**Q:** What about this magazine in India that wants to put the Cassiopaeans on the cover? Should we get out our sheets and paint dots on our foreheads?

**A:** Not likely. No sheets, no dots!

**Q:** Now, as you know, Richard Hoagland and others had this big thing going about something that was going to impact the planet. It didn't. Nevertheless, these folks and their ilk now have a new circus going on, including rumors about the HOR in Egypt and so on. Are there any upcoming situations that we should be aware of? Is there anything in particular that we need to pay attention to? There is so much going on with these earthquakes and so on... it's pretty busy out there!

**A:** Just watch and learn. We do not like the notion of joining the prognosticator soup! And on that note, good night.

END OF SESSION

