# 1999
## January 2, 1999
Ark, Laura, Frank, later, "Blue Resonant Human" via telephone

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Siannah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

{Personal family related questions redacted.}

**Q:** {…} Okay. I have had a couple of dreams lately. In one we received a 22,000-dollar check from {Ark's employer} because they wanted to buy Ark out of the remainder of his contract. In the other, we got a LOT of money, from some unknown source that seemed to be something like an inheritance. Can you comment on either of these dreams?

**A:** There may be more money for you, but no need to speculate upon the possible sources.

**Q:** I was just concerned about this thing with {the employer}. They strike me as a bizarre bunch of people …

**A:** All corporations are ultimately linked to the same source, either directly or indirectly.

{Family questions redacted.}

**Q:** Well, let me get to some of these other questions. Previously you said that the central thing about the Nordic Covenant was that there were bloodlines that extend off the planet. From what I understand, all humans on the planet have bloodlines that extend off the planet. In what sense did you mean this about the Nordic Covenant; that the bloodlines extend off the planet?

**A:** Not all so recent, not all so "pure."

**Q:** In the sense of recent, how recent do you mean?

**A:** Speculate, using your transcripts.

**Q:** I am reading some books about the various members of these families that were involved in all these strange things back in the 12th century. What I would like to know is, were all of these people as licentious and corrupt as these books make them out to be?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, the awful stuff that gets written about incest, sexual abuse of young girls, and all kinds of really dreadful behavior among these people – Henry II was actually at war against his own sons and kept his wife in prison for years – it just makes one ashamed to be connected to these disgusting people! But, you are saying that this is an incorrect portrayal?

**A:** No, "people" are always dubious form some perspective or another.

**Q:** Why is there a legend that the King of the Franks could heal with the touch of his hand?

**A:** So can you.

**Q:** As in anybody?

**A:** Close, if you have the knowledge …

**Q:** I am inferring from what you are saying that the Franks had knowledge of some order, passed down through the royal families, or the kings …

**A:** On an individual basis, it has always been thus.

**Q:** On a couple of occasions when you have made the remark ‘it is not germaine,' using that peculiar spelling, did you mean that it was not only NOT German, but also NOT French?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** So, we are back to something else. I once asked about the Third Man Theme and that perhaps you meant that the imagery was that of the Triple Goddess relating to the Isle of Man … and you said ‘if viewed through sheets of rain.' So, in this book that I am reading, it talks about the fact that the Celts of Gaul worshipped the Rain as the manifestation of the Goddess, and the Celts of Scotland worshipped the Sun … the male God. Does this relate in any way to this remark you made about sheets of rain?

**A:** In an offhand way.

**Q:** Anything further you can tell me in terms of a clue about ‘sheets of rain?'

**A:** Not for now, when you get there, you will find the chalice.

**Q:** Where and WHAT chalice?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** Okay, now, enough of that. Onto this alien book {title: "The Ultimate Alien Agenda"}. It seems to be almost a point-by-point refutation of some of the things you have told us. At the same time, it is very revealing. This guy says that ‘alien scientists have developed an array of human programs or life orientations which they use to create human hybrids. I was programmed to serve others, and most of my life has been devoted to service as a public official, educator, and psychic counselor. My life exemplifies one category of alien programming.' Is it a fact that the Reptoid aliens are making a bunch of hybrids to ‘serve others.'

**A:** No.

**Q:** Another thing he talks about is the underground laboratory, and he has a terrible time trying to speak about it because of the pains in his head. He finally gets to the point where he admits that part of the human ‘engineering' project, part of what they are doing with the embryos they create by harvesting human eggs and sperm, is that they use them for ‘nourishment.' Naturally, he is aghast at this admission from his own memory. And somehow he just glosses over it. Is this true? That some human embryos are being created to provide nourishment for aliens?

**A:** In a sense.

**Q:** He never comes back to this specifically, except to vaguely state that the vats and body parts and all that, which are reported by many eye-witnesses, are merely ‘symbolic' imagery to teach us how unimportant the body is … Can you comment?

**A:** Not necessary.

**Q:** He further says that the Reptoid aliens have been increasing human intelligence for these many thousands of years with the intention of letting go and leaving us on our own. The Reptoids are going to pull out soon, because they just came to help us evolve, and now we are at the stage we can take charge of things ourselves … Have the Reptoids been increasing human intelligence? Is this part of their agenda?

**A:** Perhaps, but the agenda is not as stated.

**Q:** Okay, he says, "I wonder if the current relationship between humans and aliens may be analogous to the abolition of slavery in America. Freedom arises when people accept others rather than being afraid of them or trying to control them. We may be learning to accept a technologically advanced interdimensional race, and the aliens may be trying to transform us into compatible neighbors. Perhaps humans and aliens will become more alike as time passes and our two dimensions will become increasingly integrated. They are now allowing us to discover this information. I believe the aliens are getting ready to reveal who they are, but first they are helping us to discover who we are. Aliens may be programming human hybrids like myself to learn through self-discovery and self-acceptance, and we are likely to learn more about them as we discover ourselves. Important information about them may be archived in our minds or implanted in our bodies. To retrieve the information, we must learn to express the interdimensional aspects of our being. In other words, we must integrate our human and interdimensional selves and learn to function in both worlds. I believe this is how we will eventually establish two-way communication with our alien creators, and learn to coexist with them." Blah-blah-blah. Then he says that he was created from the genetic material and soul essences of three separate individuals. Comments please.

**A:** No need.

**Q:** Well, yeah. All of these things have already been covered, which is why it was so interesting to see such different explanations for the same observations. He says that his "image is being used to tell people: wake up human hybrids! It's time to accept your interdimensional identity. It's time to discover your Reptilian heritage and fulfill your mission!" YUCK! Then he talks about the sexual aspect of abduction. He wondered why it occurs so frequently.

**A:** This is not germaine.

**Q:** And there is that funny word again! But, he thinks there is a link between the frequency of human sexuality and Reptilian intelligence … he thinks that "this could explain why people so often perceive aliens and their messengers in sexual roles. So many abductees report having sexual experiences, in fact sexuality is a common theme of all alien abduction experiences. Could sexual stimulation be part of the methodology of alien intelligence?" Could it?

**A:** And the "playboy channel" originates on Zeta Reticuli!

**Q:** Okay, I am done. (A) My first question is: I was thinking about what could be the optimal situation for us, for me to work and to proceed, and I decided that the best situation is to have a lot of money, so that we are independent. So, I started to think about how to make a lot of money, and it came to me that the best thing is to get the Nobel Prize next year. So, I started to think about how to get a Nobel Prize, and the best possibility is through computing this Fine Structure Constant. This is in my reach, and it can be done in one year, and it is safe to get a Nobel Prize for this. Am I hallucinating here?

**A:** Your goals are reachable, but the Nobel Prize is politically charged.

**Q:** (L) Yes, but it gives sufficient influence that one can do what one likes, and it certainly is not the money that you get as the prize that is so significant, as it is the offers you get after you have it that are significant. I don't think that, in and of itself, it is such a huge amount of dough. It is a chunk of change, but not to set one up for life unless one is very frugal and careful. (F) One bar of soap every nine months. (L) It will buy more than that! (F) I am just saying that if you have to be that frugal … to be set for life … (A) I am confused. If it is politically charged, this means it is not the optimal way of optimizing the situation.

**A:** Optimal way is nonexistent. But, investing one's earnings helps.

**Q:** (L) Investing in what?

**A:** Wide array of options.

**Q:** (L) Well, when we get some earnings to invest, we will discuss it, unless there is something you want to say now.

**A:** Money shall not be a problem, as we have stated previously. We told Laura that her situation would improve …

**Q:** (L) I suppose that the ‘…' refers to the psychomantium?

**A:** No, it refers to other things, too.

**Q:** (A) Next question: I have become active on the internet and came in contact with a fellow by the name of {name redacted}, who proposes some kind of collaboration. So, I am supposed to help him and he says that we shall apply for a grant from NSF to work on faster-than-light communication. Is this a good idea? Or …

**A:** Pursue with caution and patience.

**Q:** (A) Is that a way of saying to go with this idea?

**A:** ?

**Q:** (L) I would say, caution and patience means don't move too fast.

**A:** But not "do not move."

**Q:** (A) Are we on the right track with our public activities? Are we not making mistakes in this discussion with these scientology types?

**A:** Be careful about being over-eager to share the information you receive in this communication too widely.

**Q:** (L) We are being careful. Where this communication is concerned, we have only shared some philosophical things. I don't think we have …

**A:** It is you, my dear, that gives us some concern. This will not be a pathway to "fame and fortune," unless and until it is balanced.

**Q:** (A) Which communication are we not supposed to share, Cassiopaean?

**A:** Yes, but we did not say: do not share. We mean to be careful. Snakes in the grass lurketh.

{"Blue Resonant Human" joins via telephone.}

**Q:** (BRH) I believe I found the right place at Polomar. Is it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BRH) What is the best day and time to go to Palomar?

**A:** The day is not important, but the hour is best after sunset without prejudice.

**Q:** (BRH) Does that mean any time at night or specifically at sunset time?

**A:** Any time at night.

**Q:** (BRH) Would it be best if I crawled under the fence and had a look at the little lakes there?

**A:** That is okay, but be careful of your footing!

**Q:** (BRH) Do you have any other suggestions? I am open to all.

**A:** Why not bring binoculars?

**Q:** (L) A camera, too. (A) Infrared. (BRH) Is there anything else you want to say on that subject before we bring it to a close?

**A:** Ask specific questions, please.

**Q:** (BRH) Am I talking to a lawyer this time?

**A:** A lawyer has a meter which is always running. We do not. Did you find the rock?

**Q:** (BRH) I think so. Did I?

**A:** You will know, others have.

**Q:** (BRH) What others?

**A:** No, no, not yet.

**Q:** (BRH) So, you are not going to tell me, is that it?

**A:** Yes, that is it.

**Q:** [Tape end, question lost. Notes indicate that it was something about Jack Parsons.]

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (BRH) What is the significance of the rock?

A Well, maybe it has something to do with energy vectors … Now Dev, you must also know that Palomar is also connected to the activities of those who have controlled your realm for what you would perceive to be thousands of years, as you measure time. But while this is obviously important for a variety of reasons, it is good enough for you to know of this to be protected.

**Q:** (BRH) Well, that was on my mind. (L) Mine, too. (BRH) Is there anything else I need to know to be protected?

**A:** Just know that this locator is oriented the way that it is for a reason.

**Q:** (BRH) Does the military or the intelligence network know of the significance of that place or the rock?

**A:** Well, now have we not opened a can of worms here? First of all, the "military intelligence network," and the "government" are not existent in the way that they are presented.

**Q:** (BRH) How should I respond to this statement about the military? (L) Well, there is a bunch of stuff in other sessions, so I would try to read it all before asking more questions in that regard. (BRH) Who else knows about this place? And what was the significance of the enormous gate that looked as though it was made to allow huge vehicles to pass?

**A:** Oh now we have hit upon something here, have we not? The gate has a sloping curve. Hmmm … would it not be nice to know where that leads?

**Q:** (L) How can a gate have a sloping curve? (BRH) Just past the gate, the road curves and slopes downward. (L) Well, if you go looking, don't step on any landmines! (BRH) Are you joking? (F) Semi. But, beware of electronic sensors. Remember, ‘watch your footing.' When your eyes finally get opened to all that is going on all around you, right under your nose, you will be amazed. But, when you finally discover that you are nothing more than a marionette hanging from some strings, you want to kick the other marionettes and say ‘look at those strings!' And all they ever want to do is dance and think they are doing the dancing. (BRH) Is there anything that can cause bodily injury there – landmines or whatever?

**A:** Lack of caution can cause bodily injury. But then again, 3rd density is ultimately dangerous to one's body!

**Q:** (F) As long as you are aware and you use caution, you'll be okay. (BRH) Who else is aware of the significance of this place?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (F) Well, it is amazing. I just never thought of Palomar as anything other than an observatory. God knows what is going on underground there - or anywhere, for that matter. (BRH) Have I ever been abducted?

**A:** That will not be answered at this juncture, as the information would not be useful, until the questioner has discovered one more piece to the puzzle relating to "Berkeley."

**Q:** (BRH) Regarding the alleged implant in my back, I am considering having it removed. Is this a wise choice?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BRH) Is it a good idea to possibly bring Dr. Alexander in on this stuff?

**A:** Only when it has been determined what benefit would be served by all concerned.

Good night.

END OF SESSION

