## June 24, 2000
Ark, Laura, Frank, BT, Johan M

{Johan M was a visiting European businessman who was quite taken with the Cs and had the idea that we should form a partnership with him for promoting our work. We weren't too sure about this so we decided to discuss it with the Cs. My feeling during this session was that Frank's stock market/gambling energy was rather pervasive. I think he was angling to be taken on as a financial adviser by Johan M. So, as long as the questions were on these financial issues, I think there was emotional leading coming from Frank. As soon as I could, I turned the topics elsewhere.}

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Morrah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (J) I don't know how far it is useful to ask questions about a business plan, but I did have a more general question: In what way can I best help Laura and Ark in their quest?

**A:** The "quest" is universal. We should clarify by adding that it is not limited to Ark and Laura.

**Q:** (J) Is setting up the structure now important?

**A:** We wish to point out that we have previously advised against restriction, however, choices are included within your arena.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that you have advised against anything restricting, but within the arena of setting up a structure, choices are there that we can make without advice.?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) I think I know. Previously they advised against restriction, so we should go out in the open. But in the open, there are choices, and some of these choices are within the arena of setting up a plan. So, the question is: what are these choices?

**A:** Let us try another approach; restriction mandates anticipation. The pathway you have embarked upon is not a corporation. However, if you desire to learn lessons relating to this fact more directly, who are we to stand in the way of your choices!

**Q:** (L) Does this mean we have to act 100% on instinct, intuition? (A) Ad hoc?

**A:** Perhaps a review of the path heretofore traveled will yield a clue. Has anything interesting happened so far?!?

**Q:** (L) I guess you are not supposed to anticipate good things, but you are supposed to anticipate attack?

**A:** Attack is not anticipated, it is the awareness, my dear!

**Q:** (L) So, it is awareness that it can happen at any moment, not that you are anticipating it?

**A:** It is the awareness that it exists.

**Q:** (L) Okay, in terms of getting a book put together, getting it published, getting it promoted, we are still dealing with a possible necessity to have a financial structure in order to pay the bills for it, and to pay everybody's expenses for what they have to do. Is that...

**A:** We have told you that all would be provided. Of course we were wrong, no?

**Q:** (L) No, you weren't wrong.

**A:** Do you remember the "old days?"

**Q:** (L) Yes.

**A:** They were financially comparable to the perceived present, right?

**Q:** (L) Wrong. I get the point. In other words, acting on faith!

**A:** You have been led to the threshold of a lucrative financing source. We suppose you must have "cold feet." Perhaps crossing the threshold will warm those feet a bit!?!

**Q:** (L) You mean the book, in terms of a lucrative financing source? Just do it?

**A:** We ain't talking about the book, my dear!

**Q:** (L) You aren't talking about the book? (B) Maybe they are just talking about things in general as opposed to...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What are you talking about?!

**A:** We will give you 20 guesses!

**Q:** (J) "You have been led..." Who is "you?" Laura. (L) Who are you talking to?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Oh. They are talking to all of us. (A) And not a book.

**A:** The book is OK, but it does not represent immediate financial potential.

**Q:** (L) Now, you guys are really being mysterious. What the heck are you talking about? (B) Are they referring to the last session when they gave some pointers about areas of the stock market to watch and research?

**A:** Good for you, Barry! You won the prize!

**Q:** (B) Remember, the last session you were talking about stocks, and you were concerned if the market was even going to continue to exist, and they said to concentrate on the tech and biotech industry. They said to start researching. (L) Are you hinting to us that there is going to be a big boom in the market, and if we get in now, we can take advantage of it?

**A:** If you "get in" anytime you will be better off, providing you are prudent, patient and persevere.

**Q:** (L) Well, you just said "immediate financial source." That doesn't sound like an immediate financial source to me!

**A:** Every climb begins with the first step.

**Q:** (L) What does that have to do with our immediate concern which is: getting the material available to the world?

**A:** All will fall into place.

**Q:** (L) You keep saying that!

**A:** Why do you lack faith? Is your experience no guide? Or Perhaps you would prefer a return to your previous life?

**Q:** (L) Anything further on this?

**A:** Oh there is much, but if you are impatient, we understand.

**Q:** (L) You said "tech" and "bio-tech." Is that still the way to go, or is there something to be added to that?

**A:** It is not just "tech" and "biotech," but the various players contained within that counts. Patient research, combined with those who have a "feel" for this being your networking guides, provides the key.

**Q:** (B) Are you looking for a fast climb, in terms of a person, as opposed to a company?

**A:** Either/or.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand something. When we were talking about these stocks, the idea was that the only thing you can do was to buy these stocks, to invest, and so on, then you have no real finances, because if you start to sell, you pay taxes, and it makes no sense. So, we were just told by this expert that we will just be investing for long term, until, so to say, it becomes less taxable when we are older than 59 or so, yes? So, that is not clear!

**A:** Portal of attack throws you off track!!

**Q:** (F) Somebody told you that if you sell you have to pay taxes? (L) Oh, yes! (F) Do you think that you have to pay every cent of the profit in taxes. (J) The only solution to that would be to make a LOT of money so that whatever you pay in taxes is still a LOT less than what you have made, and you are still left with a big profit! (F) Yes, you pay a lot of taxes, but you still have a lot left. (J) Yeah. Imagine what would have happened if you had bought microsoft in the beginning! You may find the next microsoft! (L) Okay, give us a clue on the next microsoft. (B) I think they are giving the key with the person involved that you are supposed to look for.

**A:** Patient research; networking. Combine energies.

**Q:** (L) So, they are saying that we are all supposed to be researching, networking and combining energy. (B) I wonder if they mean "patient" in the medical sense as opposed to "patience?"

**A:** Oh, it is both.

**Q:** (B) Well, we have a clue here. So, it is not just patience in terms of time...

**A:** We will make one last effort to help you with this one: if you are searching for a "diamond in the rough," how do you go about this???

**Q:** (B) Dig in the dirt in the vicinity of a known diamond mine! (L) Yeah. You dig in the dirt!

**A:** Well, do you slam your shovel into the dirt frantically?

**Q:** (L) No, you dig carefully.

**A:** And how did you know that there was a diamond mine in the vicinity?

**Q:** (L) Maybe it has a sign that says "Diamond Mine!" Or maybe it's a place that is enclosed and fenced off from the rest of the area! (B) Or do you research it?

**A:** Bingo! Barry is knocking 'em dead tonight!

**Q:** (L) I just want you guys to know that we sat down here tonight to talk about a book! Are you saying that is not important?

**A:** A book is good, but all in its proper place.

**Q:** (L) So, we need to make the money so we can produce the book. (B) Well, the worst thing you can do when you try to do anything, is to be undercapitalized. (J) Yes. (B) Even though the ideas are not about profit here, we can't really do anything without being capitalized. I think that this is the problem the C's are trying to solve here. Now, what about some sort of company that combines "patient" and "research" in another way; a sort of internet company that is making research available on the internet, as I have recently heard discussed? (L) Is Barry onto something here? Is this the kind of "diamond in the rough" we are supposed to be looking for?

**A:** That may be good, but maybe we should not try to figure the layout of the treasure trove until we have opened the door.

**Q:** (L) What kind of money are you suggesting as initial investment capital in order to accomplish...

**A:** We cannot lead you any further, sorry!

**Q:** (J) You told Laura to get on the internet, and that worked to find Ark. What would result in an equivalent outcome in my case? (L) Well done!!! (Referring to the cleverness of the question.)

**A:** You must be kidding!

**Q:** (L) No he's not! He's serious! But then, I didn't get on the internet because I was interested in anything but my research. It was part of my mission. So, I guess that was the focus that opened the right doors for me. I had no idea, no expectation, no anticipation - NOTHING. Maybe if you are even looking, you will BLOCK what you need to have in your life? Maybe forever.

**A:** Yup!

**Q:** (L) Well, Johan thought Ivey was the one!

**A:** He was anticipating. By now we should know that this is a wee bit disappointing.

**Q:** (L) I think you have to just give up. I did. I was focused on one thing and one thing only: the quest for the truth. And, it just so happened that Ark was similarly focused, and that is what intersected for us. (B) Yeah. It's like dating. You get all dressed up and go to a bar, and sit there alone all night. Then, you change a tire, get all dirty and hot, and go in the bar to get something to cool you off, and you meet somebody!

(L) Okay, let me get to my questions in the folder here. LS, from the Karinya site, has a little poll about the Lizard story on his website. He asks people if they think the story is true or not, and if they have any comments. One person wrote (and I am pasting it in here exactly as it was posted): "feels like Truth, as does the Wave series. I would like suggestions on protection please. There is so much accurate information here that my eyes have been bloodshot for the past 3 days, while processing the site My Favorite Site: info from the Casseopaean transcripts... Awesome Assistance!! thank you for having this Knowledge online."

That is all fine and good, but then another person writes: "The story is fact, but some parts are not fact for our reality/timeline. In our timeline things aren't exactly the same as the story perceived by Cassiopaeans. We will encounter a 10th planet (Nibiru) that is artificially directed, rather than an uncontrollable group of comets. The reptoids are operating from astral/4th density level, but "density" designations are merely relative, and the notion of only 7 levels is quite misleading. Not all reptoids or grays are locked into the STS plans, and things aren't as simple or dismal as the story would suggest. I hope this helps people understand the drama better!" And, of course, one is urged to visit the Nibiruan website where one can learn the TRUTH about the density levels, etc."

Now, I would like to know if something has changed, as is suggested here. Are we dealing with an "old time line" as is suggested here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is there a 10th planet, Nibiru, in the present time line, naturally?

**A:** If you wish to call it that, you may.

**Q:** (L) Is this 10th planet, that some may wish to call Nibiru, an artificially directed planet?

**A:** When you ask these questions, Laura, feel you have some insight already.

**Q:** (L) Well, of course. I know that the Reptoids and Grays are STS, and they ARE 4th density, in which fact is the implicit understanding that they are more POLARIZED in the STS mode, which of course implies a deeper level of nastiness, and that any of them existing as STO beings is so rare that it is not worth considering. I also have done sufficient research on the density levels, outside of channelled sources that this is pretty much a given historically speaking, and mathematically speaking...

**A:** the grays and reptoids are STS, and so are YOU. So we suppose that means that someone, somewhere, regards third density terran humans as the "bad guys."

**Q:** (L) Oh, yeah. The roaches, particularly. As far as they are concerned, I am either an avenging god, or the devil! A reader writes: "Laura, I commend you on your vision, fortitude, courage... I have read most of the material with great interest. It feels right, but I have a couple of questions: I can't reconcile the idea of our being trapped or lured (by sensuality) into a physical state with the idea that we have progressed through the vegetative and animal states." This is a good question. It seems that the energy of creation has progressed through the vegetative and animal states, that animals can graduate to third density and become human, just as humans can graduate to 4th density. How do we reconcile this with the idea that human souls were entrapped into third density bodies from 4th density, by the Lizards? Are we talking about two different functions? Two different groups?

**A:** Humans were not entrapped by the "Lizards."

**Q:** (B) We volunteered! (L) Well, they did say that the Lizards were waiting for the right soul matrix to "step in." So, we were the right soul matrix and we stepped into these engineered bodies that the Lizards created. That's what you said. So, how do we reconcile us stepping into these engineered third density bodies with soul evolution through the vegetative and animal states?

**A:** If you look more closely at the material, it was not stated that the consciousness levels currently represented by humans and many others "stepped into" anything in particular but PHYSICALITY.

**Q:** (F) Perhaps individual consciousness units have stepped into different physical forms. Some may have "stepped" in as humans right off the bat, and some may have done otherwise. (B) You can't get hung up on any kind of evolutionary system. It's just an ongoing and concurrent thing.. (F) It is simply that WE chose to experience physicality in many forms, maybe simultaneous rather than in a linear progression, but since we perceive time the way we do, it seems that it is a progression. We could be all kinds of things in other realities. (L) So that relates back to the idea of "simultaneous disbursement?" Half of The All chose to "fall asleep" as matter, and other "units" or groups chose to interact with matter by "informing" it with life of all different varieties, more or less simultaneously? So we can have souls that are slow accretions out of matter over the long wave cycle, moving through the densities over aeons, and souls that thought they would speed things up a bit by a different method of entering directly into bodies and changing them. Well, that seems like a sort of "right off the bat" violation of the free will of the energies of such bodies and their emerging consciousnesses in the long wave cycle. That right there is STS even if it was not realized as such at the time. And such an act could have some tremendous implications in terms of what you have called a "desire based imbalance." It takes us back to the story of the Prodigal Son. So we have a very complex idea of souls and their evolution in more than one mode.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And in the end, it is a timeless mass division and disbursement that was, is and will be?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) There are some questions that have been asked about what sort of humanoid types may have originated in Lyra. I realize that Lyra is a constellation, and not a planet, but this person states: "apparently all of the human race comes from Lyra."

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, there is a lot of information out there along this line. Billy Meier even makes this claim. This person says "The human race did not originally exist in Lyra; it came from some other galaxy, but first began to evolve in our galaxy in the Lyran system."

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (L) According to the Andromedans, "there are over 135 billion human beings in the 8 galaxies closest to ours. Now, there are also other races out there. Some of these races have had a lot of conflict with the human race and that conflict continues, but there are things happening that will hopefully alleviate that problem...."

**A:** Your current physical form has been fine tuned on your present locator through advanced biogenetic engineering. It is an ongoing process.

**Q:** (L) It says here: "many members of extraterrestrial races live from an average of one thousand to 1500 years." Now, you have already told us that such ages are the case at 4th density. But, here it says: "The Andromedans live to an average of 2007 years. They do not look at time the same way that we do. They say that our universe, which consists of everything that we do and don't know about is a 21 trillion year old hologram. They say that all the matter that is in our universe came out of black holes. Under every galaxy, they say, is a black hole from whence everything comes." Now, does everything in our galaxy come out of a black hole? Is the center...

**A:** Whoa! Wait a minute! The term "year" is a 3rd density concept of the terran variety.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, the whole thing is ridiculous?

**A:** No, the whole thing is not ridiculous. Some may be, but not all.

**Q:** (L) Well, here is an interesting thing: according to the Andromedans, on March 23 of 1994, a specific sound and color frequency began to emanate from all the black holes in the known universe. What this energy and frequency is doing is creating a holographic impression throughout all dimensional levels, of which they say there are eleven creational densities. This new holographic impression has become a 12th density. They say that this new holographic impression has one frequency. What this frequency is doing is pulling up all the dimensional levels below it. They say that by December of 2013, 3rd density as we know it will cease to exist. It is imploding in on itself as everything is being drawn up. Those on the 11th level are going to 12th. We are supposed to go to 4th and then to 5th density. From the Andromedan perspective, 4th density is a consciousness. It is where an entire race is telepathic with each other. They are aware of each other, they feel each other, they are of one mind, separate individuals, but still one. Fifth density is where beings, considered from 3rd density, are light. They say this is what is going to happen to us no later than December of 2013, based on their science." Alex Collier comments: "Do I know if this is right? I will know when you know, but they have not been wrong yet." So....

**A:** No comment.

**Q:** (L) You aren't going to tell us if this thing about the sound and color emanating from black holes is really happening?

**A:** That is for you to decide.

**Q:** (L) Well, according to these Andromedans, and also according to Carla McCarty, the Ra channel, the planet that became the asteroid belt was called Maldek, not Kantek.

**A:** But who called it?

**Q:** (L) Obviously NOT the inhabitants. You guys are giving me a hard time tonight.

**A:** No, you are giving us a hard time.

**Q:** (L) Now, [displays piece of star shaped metal] Johan has this little gadget and he waved it around over my feet and it seemed to make the pain in my ankles go away. Can you tell me why it would do that?

**A:** It is an interesting little gadget!

**Q:** (L) Why does it seem to make pain go away? I tested it. We did one foot one day and the other foot the second day. Would any piece of metal do the same?

**A:** If properly conditioned.

**Q:** (L) The person or the gadget?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) It seems to work. (A) Is the shape important for it to work, or are there other shapes that would work the same way?

**A:** Shape helps.

**Q:** (L) What about the symbols engraved in it? Do they help?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) What about the metal that it is made of?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (L) So, the shape is the most significant thing. (B) What about the intent of the person using it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What would be your suggestion for an appropriate topic to get me off in the right direction?

**A:** Just let it flow, my dear!

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if Solomon's temple is the same as Stonehenge, or is Solomon's temple the same as the Pyramid? It is obvious that no such thing as Solomon's Temple ever existed in Israel until AFTER the Babylonian captivity when the Jews were fed a whole line of propaganda about their whole history in order to generate nationalistic feeling to get them to go home and actually BUILD a temple! Or, is it something else altogether different?

**A:** It probably is at least one of the above.

**Q:** (L) That's great! It's either Stonehenge, the Great Pyramid, or something altogether different! That leaves everything as an option!

**A:** And that is just it, is it not? Leave everything as an option!

**Q:** (B) In the mid seventies, I was working with a subsidiary of the California farm bureau out of Berkeley and was apparently considered for membership in what appeared to be a secret organization by the CFO of that company. What or who were they? And, did my declining of the invitation have anything to do with the shutting down of my journey inward?

**A:** It probably is good that you declined unless you enjoy being a puppet on a string. Organization was connected to a financial consortium by the name of "Zebulon."

**Q:** (L) Well, that's a name from the Bible. (J) I would like to know what happened when I was in Milwaukee. I was in my hotel room, laying in my bed, asking questions, and something happened there. Who was it, who was speaking. I had a tape recorder. I ask the Cs to come in, and I would like to know who it was?

**A:** 4th density skipper.

**Q:** (L) What's a skipper?

**A:** One who seeks transdensity communique.

**Q:** (L) So, what happens here? I don't get that. Are you saying Johan is the "skipper?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) This being that was talking to him is a "skipper?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was this being STS or STO?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (L) Can you explain to me why it is that, when STS beings communicate, they are able to produce such benevolent, warm and fuzzy sensations? Isn't there some kind of instinctive thing in us that can help to sort these things out?

**A:** Kind of like "Little Red Riding Hood."

**Q:** (L) You mean, we are like Little Red Riding Hood? And they dress up like the grandmother. (B) And we see the grandmother because that is what we WANT to see. (J) Yeah. And if you want to see the Cassiopaeans, they can dress like them! (L) How did Little Red Riding Hood figure it out? She didn't until the wolf jumped up and attacked her. Yeah! And he'd already eaten the grandmother! Right up to the point when the wolf leaped off the bed to devour her, Little Red Riding Hood was in the dark, even though she was SEEING something that puzzled her! You know: the big eyes and all that...

**A:** She checked with the Cassiopaeans on the board.

**Q:** (L) You said at one point that you were communicating with other people on the planet. Yes, we were the only ones using a board which produces a certain clarity of information - a certain objectivity - not obtainable otherwise....

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How many other people on the planet are you communicating with?

**A:** Varies, but up to 50.

**Q:** (L) That's not a big number. Well, when you usually communicate, and I know that a board and group method has both its advantages AND limitations, when you communicate with these other people, what is the general form or mode?

**A:** Channelling individually.

**Q:** (L) Are these people channelling in trance; are they getting it right in their head while they are walking down the street; or do they have to be in a meditative state; or are they writing any of this down and sharing it?

**A:** All of the above.

**Q:** (L) Do they know it is the Cassiopaeans, by that designation?

**A:** Mostly no.

**Q:** (B) Is that because of their own perceptions?

**A:** In part.

**Q:** (L) Well, if they don't know it is the Cassiopaeans, and that is part of their perception, does their perception also, to some extent, influence the material so that we would not recognize it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, now Johan had this amazing experience on a train in Thailand, and he RECOGNIZED it as coming from Cassiopaea. Was that you guys giving him a little tweak?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would it be advisable for us to look for these others?

**A:** If needed, they will find you.

**Q:** (B) One night back in the 50s, I went to sleep with a specific train of thought in my head, and woke up the next morning with the same thoughts, right where I left off. (L) As though the whole night had not passed.

**A:** Astral Travelled.

**Q:** (B) Is that the same when I saw the light?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was that? (B) It was a classic near death experience.

**A:** Yes. Barry had some rambunctions he is not fully revealing connected to some of this.

**Q:** (L) Were you a rambunctious person at the time? (B) Probably. (L) Hmmmm. (B) What is it I am not revealing?

**A:** Scrappy nature in period referred to.

**Q:** (L) Did you get into fights or something? (B) I was pretty calm then. (L) I don't know which particular thing they are referring to; was it seeing the light, or the astral travelling? Which was it?

**A:** Referring to a plethora.

**Q:** (L) Did you have more than just those two experiences? (B) Oh, a lot of things. They would fall under the heading of general psychic things. I felt at the time that my involvement was experimental and should be for a purpose, so I sort of backed off.

**A:** Energies were building.

**Q:** (L) What kind of energies?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (L) Well, some of the people on the little mail list have been having some frightening dreams. Caroline had her purse stolen, there have been dreams of being attacked, and all that sort of thing. The thing about Caroline's dream was that she dreamed about having groceries stolen, and then a few days later she was in a grocery store and her purse was stolen. She wrote and told us all about the dream in advance of the incident. We analyzed it, but apparently we sort of missed it. Can you comment on Caroline's dream about her groceries being stolen followed by the actual theft of her purse? Is this a form of attack, or a random event. (A) There is a third possibility: that she had this dream and then she attracted the event...

**A:** Warning. The dream was a warning of upcoming event.

**Q:** (L) Is this dream AND the event that followed, both some kind of warning about the danger involved with the book she is writing?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, the event was in no way related to her expose or the people around her?

**A:** Attack.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that the dream warned of the event, and the event was attack. Would she be able to reduce the level of attack by getting away from the people connected to this church system?

**A:** She must learn her lessons. Which is more important, relationship or quest. When the two conflict, far too many choose to fail to see this!!!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is there any other line of questions we should follow at this time?

**A:** This is up to you.

**Q:** (J) A few weeks ago I was lying on the bed beside my daughter, and at the same time I was in a sort of other reality. In that other reality, I was pulling out of my head a sort of wire, and when it snapped, my tooth became numb. I wondered what it was, because it was not in this reality. My sister in law was there in the other reality, and I told her to look at this wire and to remember it because it was important. What was that?

**A:** Psychic exercise of a frequently engaged in nature.

**Q:** (L) What? (J) I don't understand that. (A) Who was frequently engaged in this?

**A:** The experiencer.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that Johan does this sort of thing frequently, he just doesn't know about it?

**A:** Knows a little.

**Q:** (L) What was the nature of the wire he was pulling out of his head?

**A:** Visualization.

**Q:** (L) Visualization of what?

**A:** The wire.

**Q:** (L) What does this wire represent?

**A:** You are off track.

**Q:** (L) Was it a real wire in another reality, or was it a psychic wire?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) By pulling it out, what did Johan accomplish?

**A:** A recognition of ability.

**Q:** (J) Yeah! It's the first time I was CONSCIOUS of it!

**A:** Self testing routine.

**Q:** (L) What stimulated him to suddenly become aware of this, or at least to be able to hold the awareness?

**A:** Not what happened. He practices such things often, more for the experience, per se.

**Q:** (L) How come it is the first time he was aware of it? You are saying that he frequently does it, but he's not aware that he frequently does it.

**A:** Yes he is.

**Q:** (J) Well, yes, I am aware of dual consciousness, but nothing this fully aware! I was awake and asleep at the same time. It was the first time that I experienced something that deep.

**A:** There is a first time for everything.

**Q:** (L) Well, we certainly thought we had something interesting to talk about with this book thing... but you guys weren't into it. (A) Well, there IS a question: non-profit or Co-op?

**A:** Something like a Co-op is closer to the target.

**Q:** (L) Okay, anything else for any of the subjects we have talked about?

**A:** No. Good night.

END OF SESSION

