## April 15, 2000
Ark, Laura, Frank, Terry, Jan, Guest Johann M, Guest Stephanie

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yojon.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (T) We have guests here tonight... (L) Yes, you guys have anything to say to them?

**A:** Yes, you have people here tonight! Would it not be better to just let the inquiries flow!?

**Q:** (L) Okay. I downloaded this article from the internet. It says: "For two days in May, the Solar Wind that blows constantly from the sun virtually disappeared; the most long-lasting and drastic increase ever observed. ...Dropping to a half its normal density, a fraction of its normal speed, the solar wind..."

**A:** A bit of an unusual event, yes, but the observation equipment has improved, yes?

**Q:** (T) Just because it was "observed" this time, doesn't mean it isn't something that hasn't happened before.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It says: "Because of the decrease in energetic electrons from the sun, they were able to flow to the earth in narrow beams know as 'stroa.' Under normal conditions, electrons from the sun are diluted and mixed and redirected in interplanetary space and by earth's magnetic field. One of the things that happened was that earth's magnetosphere swelled to five to six times its normal size. This was observed from satellites. There was no "bow shock" formation in the earth's magnetosphere.

**A:** Permeation.

**Q:** (L) Is this anything like what you were talking about in terms of the expansion of the earth's magnetic field as being a more permanent state after transition to 4th density?

**A:** Temporary glimpse.

**Q:** (L) When you described it this way, you were talking about everything "opening up." You mentioned that if the earth's rotation were to slow, even a minute bit, that everything "opens up" gravitationally speaking. But, this seems to be connected to solar activity, and no so much the speed of the earth.

**A:** The solar and earth activities are interconnected.

**Q:** (L) What effects may have occurred as a result of this event on May 5, 1999?

**A:** Biogenetic, related to disease pathogens.

**Q:** (L) In what sense?

**A:** Transmutation.

**Q:** (L) Did it enable disease pathogens to mutate so that they become more difficult to deal with, or did they mutate into milder forms?

**A:** Some both ways.

**Q:** (L) Is that the main event that occurred during this solar wind lapse?

**A:** For now, it was so brief.

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what was the cause of this disappearance of the solar wind?

**A:** Rotating cyclical wave of cosmic energies.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of this wave?

**A:** Deep space "winds," relating to clusters of antimatter particles. Particulate, as in a mirror reflection of matter.

**Q:** (L) So, that is the source of this wave. Is this going to happen more frequently in the future, or is this just a fluke?

**A:** You shall know.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's what I'm asking you!

**A:** And we refrain!

**Q:** (A) I think that the answer is in the earlier question; that this is a standard thing, but with the improvement in observational equipment, it was noticed. It is rotating cyclically, so yes, it happens again and again. We don't know how often...

**A:** And there are cycles within cycles.

**Q:** (L) This is something I have always wanted to get into a session, but I keep forgetting it. So, I wrote it down so I wouldn't forget. What is a "Merkabah?" All these New Age types are talking about it all over the place, and I just want to know if the standard interpretation is anything close to the reality. What is a Merkabah?

**A:** A creative creation.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying...

**A:** As were...

**Q:** (L) You didn't let me finish my question!

**A:** We heard it in you.

**Q:** (L) Well, just to get the question on the record, it was are all these people making all this stuff up about what the Merkabah is?

**A:** But then again, what is made up and why? It is not so simple!

**Q:** (L) In ancient literature, something called a Merkabah is talked about, but the definition of this extremely mysterious thing has been lost down through the centuries. There have been many "explanations" from such sources as the Midrash - Jewish commentaries - but there is even argument there. It seems that, even then, nobody knew what it was. But now, we have all these New Age folks coming along who have decided that they know what it is, and it is variously described as rotating double tetrahedrons...

**A:** If no one knows what it is, that is as good as any other explanation.

**Q:** (L) I want to know what the ancients who wrote about it meant? What is the definition of the word as the ancient writers used it?

**A:** The original definition predates this.

**Q:** (L) What is the original definition that predated the ancient writings that we have access to?

**A:** What do you think?

**Q:** (L) What? Well, it's a curious word because it is composed of two words or even three: mer kaba or mer ka ba. If we think of it as three part word, we have the Egyptian Ka, which is like the astral body, and the Ba which is similar to the Ka. I guess you could think of them as the astral body and the genetic body. Then there is the Ab which is the sort of principle element of the life in man - like the part that is of God or the soul. The Ab was represented as a red stone. It was the part of the man that expressed desire, lust, courage, wisdom, feeling, sense and intelligence. So, all of them together sort of expresses an abstract creative principle Kaaba is Arabic for cube, and it is the square stone building in which the Black Stone is housed in Mecca. It was supposed to have been built by Ishmael and Abraham. So with Mer, Ka, Ab, and Ba, we have a cube made up of the principle parts of the etheric self, and housing a stone. Soul stone? Mother stone?

**A:** By god, she's got it!

**Q:** (L) Okay, we've got the soul or mother stone. Or the mother of all stones. Now that we have a definition, what was it?

**A:** The Matriarch Stone.

**Q:** (L) Is the Matriarch Stone the one in Mecca?

**A:** Symbolism reigns supreme here.

**Q:** (T) Is this also the Philosopher's Stone?

**A:** "Stone" to those you perceive as ancients symbolized communication from "a higher source."

**Q:** (L) What is it about a stone that made the ancients associate it with communication?

**A:** Radio waves.

**Q:** (L) How did radio waves interact with the stone? Were they recorded by the stone; transmitted by the stone?

**A:** Transmission.

**Q:** (T) Crystals are stones. Crystals are used for radio transmissions.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it was said before that Stonehenge was a giant transmitter and receiver. The original purpose of Stonehenge was to receive communication and to send communication. It wasn't all that Druid HooDoo stuff that people talk about nowadays. It was a machine, so to speak. (Johan) Could it be that people who come in contact with a stone in one place, and then they go to another place and come in contact with another stone, transfer something from one stone to another?

**A:** Well, one strengthens their abilities due to awareness channel grooving.

**Q:** (L) What gets strengthened from contact with the stones?

**A:** Your abilities.

**Q:** (L) When they are talking about this Mother Stone, are they talking about something similar to the Atlantean crystals that gathered, dispersed and/or transduced energy?

**A:** It is more symbolic. But you are on the right track.

**Q:** (L) So, in talking about Merkabah, we are not talking about spinning tetrahedrons that enable you to ascend or generate some kind of "astral vehicle." They are saying that visualizing yourself inside of one of these enables you to ascend, or something.

**A:** If you do that, it may help, though.

**Q:** (L) It may help what?

**A:** We are going around in circles here. You should use your own abilities to complete the answers to some of these. But, then again, it is one form of "spinning," is it not?

**Q:** (T) Everything we have been doing here is all about gaining knowledge and increasing frequency in order to transit from 3rd to 4th density. In ancient times, they would have had to do the same things. But, there may not have been as many experiences available. In order to get experiences, they may have had to travel. So, by going to the stones, they might have increased their frequencies to transit from 3rd to 4th density.

(L) Or they used them as a direct machine or device to do it. Archaeologists say that the people who erected the megaliths were barbarians. They are defined as barbarians because they didn't build cities, they didn't have the wheel, they didn't have organized agriculture, and they left no written records. Those are the defined elements of civilization. Yet, this group of people, whoever they were, did things that we cannot duplicate today, and they did it all over the globe. The groups who came along after them who DID have all the hallmarks of what we call civilization, also could not erect these gargantuan stones.

I thought about this for a long time. Archaeologists say they must have erected them as monuments to their gods, or heroes or whatever. Some of them think they were calendars to tell them when to plant the corn. Well, I think that is stretching it a bit. If you can't cross off the days on the wall and look outside and see that it is time to plant the corn, you're in pretty sad shape. You hardly need to haul stones as big as buildings across hills and valleys to set them up in special places to tell you to do that!

The psychology of the human being cannot have changed all that much over the many thousands of years from then to now, and it is true that people do not do anything without a powerful motivation; what I call the "payoff." What could be the payoff to haul these things around on greased logs as they are depicted? To create a monument or to bury their kings? To get naked and dance in the moonlight?

(A) Like they had a lot of time to do this while struggling to live the barbarian existence, too!

(L) Yeah. They are supposed to be howling savages who must constantly hunt to get food, yet they are spending all their time, occupying all their strongest men, to push rocks around! Meanwhile, according to the archaeologists and paleontologists, these folks only live to about 40 years at max!

(T) They got a lot of mileage out of those 40 years!

(L) Exactly! But, we are supposed to be thinking about the things they didn't have: cities, wheels, agriculture, and writing.

(F) Maybe they didn't need it.

(L) And why would that be? Because the stones did it all!

(T) Maybe they were 4th density STO beings who planted all those stones all over the place.

(L) Well, if you think about a group of people who are setting up these massive stones like they were pieces of styrofoam. The stones collect energy and information. They then transduce the energy or amplify it. These people know things about movement, dances or spinning or something, that enables them to behave in concert with the stones so that they all become part of a grand machine that does things! All of the legends talk about stylized dances and the oldest things about Stonehenge say that it was the Temple of Apollo and that Apollo danced there all night at certain periods of time. Every 19 years, I believe. When you think about that, and the other places Apollo appeared, the inversions and redactions of the legends, and we come to these magical stones that produce things. Then we come to the head of Bran the Blessed which supposedly produced endless supplies of bread and fish or whatever else was desired. Bran's head was the giver of all good things. But more than that, it was an oracle. It could speak. And here we have the idea of a similar function for Stonehenge: both an oracle as well as a giver of blessings and bounty. Anything you wanted or needed it provided for you. If you wanted to go somewhere, it transported you as in the legends of the flying carpets. It was magic transportation. All of these things are associated, when you track them back far enough, with a stone. The stones did everything.

(Johan) And it is funny that stones come up. What I have been doing for the past 10 or 15 years is running around the globe collecting stones. I've been to some of the most ancient places on earth, and I go from one to the other. And from each one, I've collected stones. Plus, Apollo: on Crete, there was an oracle of Apollo on Tara...

(L) And there was Tara in Ireland...

(Johan) I wouldn't be surprised if Tara meant stone too! How is all this connected?

(L) Exactly. This is what I have always thought about these megaliths. They DID things. All of the things we think are the "signs" of civilization were done by the stones. Maybe Terry is right; these people were at some level of density where they could make this work. At some point, something happened, the ability was lost, and then people had to build cities, engage in agriculture, invent the wheel, and develop writing - because they could no longer do it the "easy" way.

(Johan) In talking about stones, would the mother of all stones be the navel of the earth; is that the same as Ayers rock? It's the largest stone on earth and they call it the navel of the earth.

(L) Does Ayers rock have anything to do with this?

**A:** No. Stones were once utilized to provide for all needs, as the energies transmitted connected directly with the pituitary gland to connect spiritual realities with the material realms of 3rd and 4th densities. So you see, the "stone" was viewed as Matriarchal indeed!

**Q:** (L) Were the beings involved in this type of activity 3rd density, 4th density or bi-density?

**A:** Originally 4th when home was in other locators.

**Q:** (L) Could it be said that the pituitary gland itself is the body's own "mother stone?"

**A:** If you prefer. We suggest a new path now.

**Q:** (L) Steph has a personal question that she says she will make short. Is that okay?

**A:** Oh, sure.

**Q:** (S) What can I do to help my skin clear up?

**A:** Emotional state is still in flux. Underlying conflict. Unresolved issues. Okay? Is that it? We suspect not!

**Q:** (S) What is the conflict?

**A:** You know this.

**Q:** (Johan) What was it that I found on the beach on Magnetic Island in 1985?

**A:** Looking for meaning? Start at the centre.

**Q:** (Johan) Center of Australia? Center of what?

**A:** You have been to the "centre."

**Q:** (Johan) I am not too sure that this means a physical place. For me, what I found was the center of knowledge. It started at Magnetic Island, and took 12 years for me to realize what it meant. For me it was the grail, or the representation of the grail.

**A:** You have the stem, now wait for the flower to "bloom."

**Q:** (Johan) And now I am going to be back in the same place! Is the flower going to bloom where I found the stem?

**A:** The locator is not so important as the located.

**Q:** (L) Where you find it is not so important as what you found. (Johan) Yes, that's true. I don't know what your story is with the Holy Grail, but for me, it took me twelve years to understand what I found which was my interpretation of what the Grail was - it represented it. That's interesting with the bloom...

**A:** We thrive on clues and so do you!

**Q:** (L) I want to help Stephanie with her problem.

**A:** Why bother, she is cloaking. She does not yet feel comfortable in sharing some things.

**Q:** (S) I wish they would give me the clues to which issue it is!

**A:** You know this, dear!

**Q:** (L) I want to go in a slightly different direction. Earlier we were discussing the translating of the material on the website into other languages. In terms of doing such a thing and getting the information out, could you suggest a way to do this without getting organizational. We all know that when you start forming organizations, you lose your focus. Yet, we know that everyone who participates in such a work needs to have their needs considered. Can you point us in the right direction?

**A:** There are translation programs available. The latest ones require much less editing.

**Q:** (L) So, the real problem is just simple distribution?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (J) Don't people have the ability to translate websites on the spot? (T) Not all search engines do that. (J) You might want to expand your keywords into other languages. That will help people to find the material.

**A:** Okay, you have your answers.

**Q:** (Johan) The question I had was what would be the best way to bring the information to as many people as possible without going into an organization? That's probably not a precise enough question.

**A:** You are correct; not precise enough.

**Q:** (Johan) Sharing information is something I have been involved with for many years...

**A:** But this process is expanding naturally anyway due to the exponential growth in your technology. And this, by the way, is an integral component in the eventual transition to 4th density. Not because of the technology, but the explosion of the knowledge base it is/will facilitate.

**Q:** (J) What exactly is the function of the pituitary gland in your references to Stonehenge?

**A:** This gland is your uplink.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that the pituitary can be stimulated by external sources such as radio waves, waves from a supernova, or other frequencies in the environment?

**A:** Yes and experiments have ensued.

**Q:** (L) Would it be beneficial for us to experiment with such things?

**A:** Not wise. You could fry yourself in your zeal.

**Q:** (J) Are you guys actually channelling through your pituitary via radio waves?

**A:** This channeling process is comprehensive. Spiritual/psychic/physical.

**Q:** (L) I guess we aren't supposed to do any experimentation with it though.

**A:** You can experiment, but not technologically.

**Q:** (L) Johan has some black mirrors. Would it be advantageous to trade my standard mirror for a black mirror?

**A:** Not necessary. Just need to utilize light correctly.

**Q:** (L) Now, let me demonstrate. When I use the psychomantium, I arrange things this way... [demonstrates]. I have tried it with this little lamp, and with candles on the floor under the angle of the mirror. I can't see the light, but the illumination is there. Now, which of these two light sources is best?

**A:** Candles. But place properly.

**Q:** (L) Okay, if I am here, and the mirror is there, where should I place them and how many?

**A:** 5 and behind and above.

**Q:** (L) So, I need them behind me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How high above me?

**A:** Just above.

**Q:** (L) So, I have to have a stand or a tall candleabra. What angle should the mirror be tilted?

**A:** 12 degrees.

**Q:** (L) Five candles are a lot of candles. And I'm supposed to look up and to the left.

**A:** The flicker is a key here.

**Q:** (L) Do you have any remarks about this solar maximum associated with the eruption of the Japanese volcano and the mass suicide of that cult over in Africa?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I didn't think so. Just the cycle of things. A lot of people are writing to me about dreams lately. They seem to be having a lot of dreams about beings in the sky, entering our reality. All kinds of strange things.

**A:** Beings come and go at will always, it is the awareness that is expanding.

**Q:** (L) Another trend of the dreams is being pursued, attacked, split up from their families, being put in concentration camps - just all kinds of things.

**A:** All are possible futures, just wait and see. There is an alien race that has plans to replace your physical vehicles with a new "model."

**Q:** (L) What are they going to do with the old models?

**A:** "Retire them."

**Q:** (T) Which race is this?

**A:** Orion STS.

**Q:** (L) Is this essentially what happened with Neanderthal?

**A:** Yup!

**Q:** (L) Well, for a period of time it seems that they continued to exist on the planet alongside the new model, cro-magnon or whatever.

**A:** Some did.

**Q:** (L) For how long did Neanderthal exist side by side with the "new model?"

**A:** 233 years.

**Q:** (L) I thought that Neanderthal was here for a long, long, long time; and if modern man arrived on the planet, as you say, 70 to 80 thousand years ago, wasn't Neanderthal already here then?

**A:** Time references have been miscalculated.

**Q:** (L) Who miscalculated the time references?

**A:** Science.

**Q:** (L) What is the oldest Neanderthal that's been found? Anybody know? No, well then when did Neanderthal appear on the planet?

**A:** 5.3 million years ago.

**Q:** (L) You are saying that when science says that modern man appeared 35 to 40 thousand years ago, and Neanderthal disappeared at the same time, the real time frame was 70 to 80 thousand years ago? In other words, a factor of 2 error.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And, of course, we can't depend on any of the dating methods because of metamorphosis.

**A:** And genetic manipulation.

**Q:** (L) So, in effect, we ARE the new Neanderthals on the eve of extinction. You have said that those who transition into 4th density in the body will go through some kind of rejuvenation process or body regeneration or something. Does that mean that these present "Neanderthal" type bodies that we presently occupy will morph into something more in line with the new model? Is it genetically encoded into some of them to do so?

**A:** Something like that.

**Q:** (L) So, that's why they have been following certain bloodlines for generation after generation; they are tinkering with the DNA and arming genetic time-bombs that are waiting to go off. (A) What is interesting is how do those who are trying to get these people, to abduct them, how do they spot them? How do they get the information? By following the bloodline, or by some kind of monitor you can detect from a long distance - and they can note that "here is somebody of interest" or "here is somebody dangerous" or "let's abduct this one" or whatever. How do they select? Do they search the genealogies or is it some kind of remote sensing?

**A:** Now this is interesting Arkadiusz, as it involves the atomic "signature" of the cellular structure of the individual. In concert with this is the etheric body reading and the frequency resonance vibration. All these are interconnected, and can be read from a distance using remote viewing technology/methodology.

**Q:** (L) Can it be done in a pure mechanical way without using psychic means?

**A:** At another level of understanding, the two are blended into one.

**Q:** (T) Computerized psychic remote viewing, maybe. Like artificial intelligence. Maybe a mind connected to a computer?

**A:** That is close, yes.

**Q:** (T) Which we are not capable of yet - that we know of, anyway. (J) I'll bet the Russians are. (L) Why?

**A:** Work? Yes. Succeed? Not much.

**Q:** (L) Off to the side, in examining the map along this line where you had us looking, from Novosibirtsk to Urkutsk, I discovered that there is a range of mountains there called "Sayan" or "Sayany." Is this the original Mount Zion and is this the area where there is a secret lab or something?

**A:** Yes, but not Mount Zion.

**Q:** (L) What was the original Mount Zion?

**A:** Sinai.

**Q:** (L) What is in these mountains between Novosibirtsk and Urkutsk?

**A:** Magnetics lab.

**Q:** (L) What stone was Nicholas Roerich returning to a temple when he made his trek into Siberia?

**A:** Stone was diamond from Persia.

**Q:** (L) What kind of UFO was it that he sighted at the time that he made the dedication of this temple; considering also that this was on the direct line of Tunguska?

**A:** UFO was a probe.

**Q:** (L) Was it there because they were there, or was it unrelated?

**A:** Related.

**Q:** (L) What was the significance of this diamond?

**A:** Energized.

**Q:** (L) By what?

**A:** Not by: for.

**Q:** (L) Energized for what?

**A:** Link.

**Q:** (L) Link to what?

**A:** Your move.

**Q:** (T) For the wave?

**A:** No, Terry, we are reminding Laura that this is not 20 questions.

**Q:** (T) Is this magnetics lab related to the one in Tallahassee? (L) I don't think so. I mean, it's so secret that even we can know about it yet! (T) There's one in Tallahassee - a high energy magnetics lab...

**A:** Different orientation.

**Q:** (L) It's my feeling or conjecture that this one we have been led to investigate, and I do mean led, is that it's a center of activity where the matrix is generated and maintained. I think it is also connected to ancient things simply by virtue of the timeless nature of time. (S) Do they generate "time" there? (L) Possibly.

**A:** Not "just Russians."

**Q:** (L) It's not just Russians. I think it is the center of the Consortium web - their home base. It is out in the middle of nowhere that there is nowhere near!

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

