## August 17, 2000
Ark, Laura, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Zallah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We received an email from some guy who says you guys are 5th density STS, dark forces, and all that. According to him, you are really leading us down the primrose path. It was a very upsetting email because he said that everything Ra said was absolutely the LAST WORD, and you guys are chopped liver, so to say. I shouldn't even ask about it...

**A:** No reason for upset.

**Q:** I know. But, he did suggest that Don Elkins committed suicide because that was his pre-incarnative plan. Is suicide possibly part of a plan made before incarnation?

**A:** It is one of many choices available.

**Q:** In Don's case, was it his plan to commit suicide at that point, or did he commit suicide because he was under such extreme attack?

**A:** Well, his suicide was his choice.

**Q:** Was it his choice before he incarnated? Was it mapped into this incarnation?

**A:** It is a choice open to all.

**Q:** (A) I would like to know what was his reasoning. How did he justify this choice to himself?

**A:** It was an escape.

**Q:** An escape from what?

**A:** Displeasure.

**Q:** Displeasure from whom? Himself or others?

**A:** Many things.

**Q:** What did this displeasure relate to?

**A:** Not important!

**Q:** Did he feel this displeasure from Carla?

**A:** See previous response.

**Q:** What was important about what was in his mind?

**A:** When one feels displeasure, one sometimes chooses to exit.

**Q:** So it was HIM who was feeling displeasure. Did he have no pleasure in life? Was everything bleak and dark because of the information they were bringing through?

**A:** Laura, it is not necessary for you to probe further into this.

**Q:** If you guys were an STS 5th density source, obviously you would not tell us the truth about whether you were or not. But, I don't think you are because so many things you have said have been verified. But, on the other hand, you have said that the STS forces have the ability to create confirming synchronicities to validate their disinformation. So, having things validated is not necessarily proof of STO orientation. I know it is a silly question, but how can one identify a 5th density STS source?

**A:** Not often communicative.

**Q:** My thought was that a 5th density STS being would be so encapsulated, so contracted, that they would hardly bother to GIVE anything... "give" being the operative word here. I would think that such beings live only in thought and are simply not WILLING to communicate. Is that correct?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** Well, a couple of weeks ago, we had Jon C here. When we sat down to have the session, and he was present, he was basically unable to say a word. He later remarked on the fact of how unusual it was that he was unable to speak. He was clearly almost paralyzed. Can you tell us why?

**A:** Jon is a fun type.

**Q:** When you say that, what do you mean?

**A:** Entertaining.

**Q:** Is he, as he believes, a 5th or 6th density soul who has come into this reality to help us change the universe?

**A:** By now, we feel your acquired knowledge is sufficient to answer that question for you.

**Q:** Okay, we have a woman coming on Wednesday to talk to us about putting this book together. Her name is Bobbie J\*\*\*, and her company is called CasAnanda publishing. I do think we need some professional advice and help on this project because we don't want it to look like we don't know what we are doing. We could probably muddle through, but...

**A:** Maybe it is better if you do not know what you are doing.

**Q:** So, that almost makes me think that you think we ought to do it ourselves, even if we don't know what we are doing. Maybe get a "how to" guide.

**A:** We feel you learn by observation, and, other ways too!

**Q:** Is trying to get the book out by January too soon, or should we wait for the May show?

**A:** When you schedule in matters such as this, not only do you bring about stress for yourselves, but you also may miss opportunities. It is that old "anticipation" bug again you know!

**Q:** So, there may be something else in store that we don't even know about.

**A:** We see exponentially building interest out there... Who knows which parties may step up to the "plate."

**Q:** Will the investment club work out; will it be a binder of the group or a source of contention?

**A:** If everyone understands the mechanics, there is no contention. by the way, you must be an impatient investor! Good things happen to those who have patience and avoid anticipation.

**Q:** What do you mean good things happen to those who are patient and avoid anticipation. I would just like to be able to buy more stocks and I don't have the money.

**A:** Oh yes, a wee bit... and money flows from unexpected sources.

**Q:** Our little egroup discussion list is growing. Everyone is talking about the Wave: what does it mean, what is it, when is it coming, how are we going to be able to tell, and so on. I have been collecting the material and getting it in shape. I have been learning a lot as I go along as well. It isn't finished, but as I go along, I do have some questions. We would like to have a little bit of a clue about the progress of the wave. I would also like to know if this Wave is sort of like the recompiling of a computer program, with the universe as the program? What is the progress, and is it going the recompile the program of our universe?

**A:** So many questions rolled up into one. But, one way it might go is that all of a sudden, everything that ever was is new, everything that IS is new, and everything that will be is new. Programs change, oh we suppose, what an awesome event indeed!

**Q:** Is it important for the information about the potential making new of everything and the awareness of the state of the planet as it is now, or the state of the universe, be shared and spread so that as many people as possible will be aware at the point of the arrival of the wave so that it makes it more likely that beneficial changes will occur, that the universe will change in a positive way? Or is that simply not even important. It will change the way it is going to change no matter what anybody does?

**A:** Closer to 2nd criterion.

**Q:** In other words, we are doing what we are doing, and it doesn't really matter what we are doing. The Wave will happen, everything will change, become new, and that's that?

**A:** What matters most is what others are doing, have done and will do.

**Q:** Who are these others that it matters most what they have done, are doing and will do?

**A:** Program rewriters, i.e. you and us in the future.

**Q:** So, what we have done, what we are doing, what we will do - WE - is important? I think that I missed something. I thought you said that what we were doing simply didn't matter.

**A:** You are/will be others.

**Q:** Okay, how is what we are doing now helping or hindering this process?

**A:** No help/hinder, just is.

**Q:** So, this has all been done before? It's a foregone conclusion how it is going to turn out? It's a done deal?

**A:** No Laura, stop your linearishness!

**Q:** I don't understand. Is what we are doing making a difference?

**A:** What is "time?"

**Q:** Time is an illusion. (A) Is doing also an illusion?

**A:** If you are thinking in linear "time" terms.

**Q:** In other words, the best way for an STO future to manifest is for us not to anticipate that ANYTHING we do will matter. Because, if we are anticipating that what we do will make a difference, it won't. It is wanting. (A) I can't stop thinking that my working is going to be useful! (L) I can't stop what I am doing either because it is what I DO. It is being ME. We have to stop anticipating. We do what is in us to do without expecting it to matter.

**A:** And you do it because you are directing you to do it from another plane of existence where you know the score. Where you are on your present awareness plane, you are largely, though not completely, scoreless and clueless.

**Q:** So, it is from another level of reality that we create THIS reality?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** How much input do we have from this level of reality regarding the creation of a future reality, and I use the term "future" loosely, but meaning "future" as we perceive it from this reality? How much input?

**A:** About as much awareness as a small child does when contemplating how to fly the plane they are riding on.

**Q:** Well, you have talked about the Wave before, and I complained that we did not have time to do certain things that you had suggested that we do. You said that, yes we would, and that these things were suggested to "prepare" us for this event. Just trying to deal with it from a linear point of view, we still have to build this pool with the columns, get a Nobel prize, supposedly, work with people on the crop circles, and all that. Are we still looking at doing these things in this linear time progression that we exist in; that we are aware of as small children on a very large plane?

**A:** If you let it flow, it will flow.

**Q:** So, you are us in the future, we are you in the past - when you say this, are you "us" in the future in the sense of ALL mankind, or in the sense of any particular group of mankind?

**A:** In between those limited options.

**Q:** Could you be more explicit?

**A:** No, because you wold not "get it."

**Q:** When I post material on the website, those people who resonate to the material believe that this refers to them also. I have been of the opinion that Unified Thought Form being must mean a very large group as represented in this density. I know that we are dealing with limiting terms. But, is this applied to people who CHOOSE the Cassiopaean option?

**A:** Maybe it is best to say it applies to those who recognize the application.

**Q:** So, if they recognize it, if they know it is them, they are part of it. (A) But, thinking in nonlinear terms, its up to us to work to make this precise. You are asking this question which implies that the answer exists. But, exactly what the answer is may be it is not yet chosen, and it is up to us to make it this way.

**A:** Lodestar is a clue for you.

**Q:** I guess that means a guiding star of some sort. Something that attracts... a lodestone is magnetic, it is where the compass points. In the myth, Cassiopaea, Danae, and Athena work together to enable Perseus to cut off the head of the Gorgon and kill the sea monster and rescue Andromeda. Of all the mythical heroes, Perseus stands out because he was SUCCESSFUL. He went on the quest, he succeeded in the mission, he freed the maiden in distress, killed a slew of Lizzie types, balanced the situation in his environment, and then even lived happily ever after. He didn't lose his reason, he didn't fail... it is about the only really successful myth. He DID it. And did it well. Is that...

**A:** A quest is successfully followed one step at a time. No need to gauge the staircase.

**Q:** The only point I was trying to make was that maybe the only reason for the Cassiopaean connection, maybe even for the term "Cassiopaea," is that it is the archetype of the function...

**A:** That is good, planning book fairs? Maybe not so good. We shall see!

**Q:** You guys, just basically, from the whole start of this thing about a book, have basically hinted that there is something else in store, and that we should not even try to do that...

**A:** We have not said that that is not the way. We have hinted that the way will become clear when it is necessary.

**Q:** (A) I think that it is good to have an external pressure to make things happen. Composers, like Mozart, had to be under pressure to produce. There should be pressure. We need to have income to build this pool and other things. So, if we put it into the indefinite future... (L) But they said money will come from unexpected sources. I don't know where or how that can possibly be. But YOU were certainly unexpected! I would have dreamed of YOU! (A) Well, there may be another unexpected millionaire may come to replace me! (L) Nobody could replace YOU! (A) How else shall we explain this unexpected money?

**A:** No need to explain, or expect either, silly! You should know that the one time that Mozart wrote music under external pressure he quickly transited to 5th density.

**Q:** (A) Well I know that I work best under standard external pressure.

**A:** No, because you only sometimes think it is external, but it is not really. When you have been "treated" to external pressure, you have rebelled.

**Q:** (A) Okay. UFT. This is one of these things that I don't know what it is good for, because the Wave will erase everything and make everything new. Yet, it is in me, so let me ask. I don't know what it is good for, but I want to do it. Einstein was working on his UFT for like 30 years. Maybe more. He was changing his methods. At some point, did he realize that he found a solution? During all these thirty years, was there a point where he came upon the right solution?

**A:** Yes, but sadly, his solution for UFT largely erased TOR.

**Q:** (A) Once he found this solution, did he reject it because it erased TOR?

**A:** No. His progenitors sealed it, in order to keep intact the status quo.

**Q:** (L) His progenitors? Isn't that your parents?

**A:** Other definitions apply. [A source from which something develops.]

**Q:** (A) Can we have an idea of which year Einstein found the solution that erases TOR?

**A:** Sure, it was 1938.

**Q:** (A) According to what I know, between 35 and 38 there was a period in which Einstein published nothing. In 38, he published a paper with Bergman which was a revival of Kaluza Klein theory. That was exactly 1938. So, I guess that was the paper that was close.

**A:** Can you obtain a copy?

**Q:** (A) Yes, I have a copy.

**A:** Good!!! Clues abound within.

**Q:** (A) What I do not understand is why, a few years later, he completely abandoned that and started working very hard on a completely different solution. If he knew...

**A:** Was under control.

**Q:** (A) Can you control somebody and make him spend years.... Oh! Mind control! They got him!

**A:** Why do you think he emigrated to the United States in the first place?

**Q:** (A) Well, that is not a surprise. He was a Nobel Prize winner and America was getting together every possible Nobel Prize winner, and also there was the persecution of the Jews, so it was natural.

**A:** More to it than that. What about Freud?

**Q:** (L) I guess they didn't want Freud! He didn't know anything about UFT! (A) Now, aparently Von Neumann was also involved in application of UFT. But, Von Neumann was, as far as we know, doing a completely different kind of mathematics. He didn't even really know geometry, differential geometry. He was doing completely different things. So how come the UFT that was discovered by Einstein, involved Von Neumann. What did Von Neumann contribute to this project?

**A:** Von Neumann was one of three overseers at Princeton with level 7 security clearance, and a clear budget request permittance.

**Q:** (L) My question is, about Von Neumann, as I understand it, Von Neumann was supposed to have been involved with the creation of a time machine, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did he succeed in such a project?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, why was it that, when he developed a brain tumor and realized he was going to die - and I read that he screamed and yelled like a baby when he knew there was no hope - if he was somebody who had access to a time machine, why wasn't he able to do something about it instead of carrying on like a madman? The stories about his screams echoing all over the place, are horrible. He realized that his great mind was going to soon be still; if he had access to a time machine, one would think that he would have used it, would have pulled every string he could, to forestall his own death.

**A:** No Laura, it does not work that way. And besides, if you had a brain tumor, you could be forgiven for a few mental peculiarities too!

**Q:** (L) I just don't understand why, when he knew he was sick, that he didn't just use the time machine to go forward in time for a cure, or backward in time to correct something in his past...

**A:** The time machine was not his property.

**Q:** (L) So, they got what they needed from him and let him die. (A) It is not clear. He got this cancer so suddenly, it may even have been induced. (L) Well, that's a thought. (A) It is said that when he was dying, his brain was working perfectly and that was his tragedy. He could think, he could produce, he was a genius. (L) What happened to him after he died?

**A:** 5th density.

**Q:** (L) Well, I figured THAT! (A) At a previous time when we were talking about UFTs, my different options that I was trying to suggest, you told me to pursue the subject of torsion. All these Russians speak of torsion. Now, Einstein's 1938 paper is a Kaluza Klein paper - no torsion. What is the story about torsion?

**A:** Clues hidden in the text.

{Personal questions redacted.}

END OF SESSION

