## May 27, 2000
Ark, Laura, Frank, Barry T., Stephanie

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Olonnagia.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I guess the first question on everybody's mind tonight is RAIN! We need rain. Now, a) can you tell us if rain is coming soon? or b) is there something we can do to bring rain?

**A:** There is an atmospheric inversion which has been unusually stubborn over your locator, yes. But, the extensive low level heat will soon "punch" holes in this oppressive high pressure system, thus allowing rising air to combine with low level moisture rising to produce the much anticipated precipitation.

**Q:** (A) What does "soon" mean? Maybe two days or two hundred days. (laughter) Can we have some limit?

**A:** We give you 10 days, as you measure time, for significant relief. Ask the one sitting with you if he has had a preview?

**Q:** (L to B) Have you had a preview? (B) Of rain? Just a dream that I posted a long time ago. (L) What was the dream? (B) That everything turned into a swamp. That's when I rescued the elephants. (L) Yeah, I remember that. Bizarre dream.

**A:** You have also had precipitation.

**Q:** (L) Ark and I both had flood dreams on the same night a couple of nights ago.

**A:** Barry locator go back 11 days.

**Q:** (B) I had just gotten back from California. (L) Last night I really thought I heard rain blowing against the house. It was either that or Sylvia's radionics were chasing demons away from the area! Did I hear rain?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What did I hear?

**A:** Leaves.

**Q:** (L) Well, there was wind blowing something! Now, we have a person on our mail list who writes: "I tell you what else I was told," and she does not indicate the source. In parentheses she says "the Cassiopaeans are not the only ones passing this material." What she was told was: "When we are in 4th density it will be a world like the present only wild and unspoiled. All life forms will have evolved to a higher state of intelligence and/or natural abilities. The predators will be more efficient! There will be much communication between humans and animals. A horse, for example, will choose its rider rather than the other way around. Maybe I will finally get to ride the horse of my dreams. In other words, not a paradise, but a kind of primeval world, dangerous in many respects. We ourselves will have grown more alert in response to our surroundings, and the temperature will be comparable to southern California coastal climate; Club Med in 4th density." Now, this is apparently what this individual was told about 4th density, and I thought it was an interesting description. I would like to know how accurate it is?

**A:** The thing to remember is that descriptions of this type are difficult to reconcile, as the receiver is forced to view them from a 3rd density perspective. It is the old "apples and oranges" thing, ya know!

**Q:** (L) Well, in its essential nature, perceiving is apprehension of an energy construct that presents itself in symbols. So, in this respect, is the above description a symbolic representation of the energy of 4th density? (B) But, 4th density is the realm of the ultimate in wishful thinking. Maybe that comes into play here? (S) I would like to know what elements are like in 4th density.

**A:** We suggest you reign in anticipation.

**Q:** (L) In other words, stop "wishful thinking." I'm not anticipating anything. But, the remarks were made, and it sounds nifty, so that is the only reason I was asking. Do you have anything else to say in response to that?

**A:** We are not just communicating with you.

**Q:** (S) That must be in response to my question about elements.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean that the response you gave was for the others, including the one who was making the comments, not just me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, Stephanie wants to know about the elements: air, earth, fire and water, in 4th density?

**A:** Again, descriptions do not compute for you. We have attempted to explore this avenue already, but it was more for symbolic purposes. Literal definitions restrict.

**Q:** (L) Well, Barry had some interesting ideas about the progression of densities, so maybe this is the point to bring them up.

**A:** Let Barry roll!

**Q:** (B) While reading "Wave 6" on the website, there was a section in there that was trying to compare awareness of 2nd density to 3rd density in order to create a framework in which to conjecture about the awareness of 4th density. It was stated there that we recognize objects by their similarity, and that 2nd density recognizes objects by their difference. Making a progression, does that mean that on 4th density, we would recognize the commonality of all objects, therefore allowing an aware manipulation of things in 3rd density? Also, if animals see in two dimensions, and sense the third as transience or movement, such as we sense time, then maybe in 4th density we would sense time as a 4th dimensional measurement. For 2nd density, the third dimension is the illusion factor, and for 3rd density it is also an illusion, but we are aware of the illusion and therefore interpolate it into the reality. So, on 4th density, would time become concrete, and therefore manipulatable because it is no longer an illusion?

**A:** Quite close. Now, pay attention! What if: one on 2nd density perceives objects due to their similarity. One on 3rd density perceives objects due to their difference, and one on 4th density perceives objects in terms of their own union with all of them?

**Q:** (B) In terms of their own union with all of them? I kind of thought that would be the NEXT step up.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (B) So, 4th density, instead of being an incremental step, is a GIANT step? (L) Yup. I guess the steps follow some sort of mathematical square progression rather than simply numerical. (B) Well, that would have to be true because if you consider the difference between 1st density and 2nd density, that's a MEGA jump! (A) I have a problem with this sentence. It says: "one on 4th density perceives objects in terms of their own union with all of them?" Who is in union with the objects?

**A:** Perceiver.

**Q:** (L) Yes. It's like the perception when one is out of the body, so to speak. My own experience with this was truly interesting. Whenever I thought of something, I was instantly perceiving it not only by "seeing" it from the outside, but I was "inside" it also. It was like thinking about it, put me inside it. I became part of it. If I thought about a sphere, I was not seeing a ball "over there." I was "in union" with it. I can't say I was "inside" it, because that implies "inside" as opposed to "outside." There was none of that sort of thing. It's a perception all the way through at once. Is this what we are talking about here?

**A:** Part of it.

**Q:** (L) Okay. We want to cover a couple of other things tonight. Now, I am dying of curiosity about this one. I want to know what ...

**A:** You are not yet dying!

**Q:** (B) You should have seen that coming! (L) Yeah. But you know what I mean!

**A:** Yes, but we like to have fun with you!

**Q:** (L) Don't play with me on this one! I want to know what is the cause of the so-called "cart tracks" on the island of Malta?

**A:** Grooves.

**Q:** (L) Well, I KNOW that! But they are grooved in such a way that they cannot possibly be cart ruts, as they are called. I just recently purchased a book about the archeology of Malta which talks on and on about the temples and so forth, and then, on the very last page, devotes a single paragraph to the "cart ruts." This book says:

"The enigmatic cart ruts are too obvious in the Maltese rocky landscape to be ignored in any work, however concise, on Maltese archeology even though they are still not easy to locate in the chronological sequence. according to the traditional view, they should be placed in prehistory, more precisely in the Bronze Age, the main argument being that some specimens are cut by "Punic" tombs and, therefore, should be prior to that period. The validity of this argument is, in my view, highly questionable particularly since for Temi Zammit, its originator, 'Punic' could mean anything from the 7th century BC to the 3rd century AD, especially as far as tombs are concerned. In my search and study of ancient quarries over the last fifteen years, I found cart ruts very frequently, almost invariably, associated with them. The best example is, perhaps, the Buskett group which lies next to the largest and most important of Malta's ancient quarries. For this reason I cannot refrain from believing that they were intended for the transportation of construction blocks from the quarry face to the road in ancient (i.e., not prehistoric) times. This view is supported by a good number of parallels abroad (for instance in Sicily, southern France and Greece) as well as by their concentration in several areas around Melite which must have required a constant supply of ashlar masonry for its buildings. "

There is a single picture of the ruts in this book. In the 1975 Lexikon der Archaeologie (30), the entry under Malta reads:

"More emigrants from Sicily came to the island around 3200 BC. An astonishing number of megalithic temples were constructed between 2800-1900 BC. The still extant temples, some thirty in number, exhibit a highly developed plan and superstructure ...This population possibly followed warlike immigrants from western Greece... The strange 'cart-ruts' belong to the same period." Now, the problem with this cart rut theory is the following: When you look at these furrows impressed in the ground, most of them parallel as they should be, the natural thing is to think of them as ruts. But, apparently, close examination shows that they CANNOT have been ruts in the ordinary sense of the word. The reason is that the tracks of the two parallel furrows are not only DIFFERENT FROM RUT TO RUT! but also vary in the course of a single stretch! They run through valleys, over hills, and sometimes exist in several "pairs" side by side which then unite into single two track stretches, followed by sudden curves. They also run off straight into the Mediterranean. Others end abruptly at cliff edges. They are from 65 to 123 cm wide. The furrows themselves are frequently over 70 cm DEEP! At one place, on rut runs in a curve over a hill and cuts 72 cm into the limestone ground. If a cart ever ran in these ruts, it could not have taken a curve because of the great depth of the ruts! Either the axle would have vanished in the deep imprint or the axle must have been at least 72 cm high which would have given the wheel a diameter of 1.5 cm. But that presents the problem that such a large wheel could NOT have taken such a tight curve! It would get stuck or break. Such wheels that would be necessary to navigate the depth of the ruts could not have maneuvered in the narrowness of them which is approximately 6 cm. Since every single-axle cart has two wheels which must run absolutely parallel in the furrows, we are faced with an impossibility. Even a double axled cart would not work because when taking a curve, the rear wheels have to trace a narrower track than the front wheels which is why large trucks have to make a wide swing to take a tight curve. At another point on the island, four pairs of ruts join together into one rut. They all have different "gauges" a prior to this union. Nearby, there is a rut that crosses another, but they are of different depths. Another rut is up to 60 cm deep, and has a width of 11 cm at the deepest point, and 20 cm at the highest. As noted, in many places, the ruts run straight into the waters of the Mediterranean.

It was assumed until recently that the ruts would end underwater a few meters from the coast, which would suggest that they had originated when the sea level of the Mediterranean was lower. However, divers have discovered that the ruts continue in the stone to great depths below sea level. Now, recently, a German real estate investor who was also a part-time archeologist, claimed to have identified a megaliths temple similar to Mnajdra on the sea-bed in Malta's territorial waters. Supposedly, the discovery was made by two Maltese divers who noted the structure during a dive on the 13th of July in 1999. They took photographs. This was some 3 KM off the eastern coast of Malta. If this discovery were "authenticated," it would overturn existing history as we know it! In order for a temple to lie on the bed of the Mediterranean sea, it would have to date to the last ice age. The implication would then be that the Maltese temples are at least 6,000 years older than previously thought.

Following this announcement, which really set the archeologists on their ears, there was a report printed in the "Malta Independent" on Sunday, November 7th, 1999 which said: "The initial caution and scepticism with which the news was received by local archaeologists would now appear to be vindicated. After an on-site dive carried out by the Museums Department last Friday, a spokesman for the Department expressed serious doubts that the underwater structures in question have any archaeological importance at all, let alone constitute a complete prehistoric temple, as suggested by amateur German archaeologist Dr. Huber Zeitlmair, who took credit for the discovery. An official press statement to this effect is expected to be released shortly.

The structures which elicited such widespread interest and even excitement were first filmed by local divers Shaun and Kurt Arrigo on an underwater plateau some three kilometres east of Malta. At its deepest point the plateau is over 25 metres below sea level; at its shallowest, about seven metres. Strewn about the area are several large rectangular stones which give the impression of fallen menhirs. Beyond, there are a number of what appear to be kidney-shaped chambers, bearing some resemblance to the apses of above ground temples such as Mnajdra and Hagar Qim.

"For Dr. Zeitlmair, video footage was evidence enough to publicly assert that the structures represent a complete megalithic complex, constructed at a time when the plateau would have been above sea level. the fact that it is now underwater could be due to the melting o the polar ice caps during the last ice age, which would mean that the structures were inundated between 8,000 and 10,000 BC.

"The implications are, to say the least, dramatic. Sadly, though, his interpretation has not stood up to preliminary investigations, and it now appears that what we are dealing with is most likely a natural phenomenon. Meanwhile, contacted independently of the Museums Department, Professor Anthony Bonanno of the Department of Classics and Archaeology at the University of Malta, described the possibility of an underwater temple as "extremely improbable."

"'The fact that Dr. Zeitlmair is part of a society of 'Palaeoastronauts' automatically puts me on my guard" , he says. As for the theory of an antediluvian temple culture, Prof. Bonanno dismisses it out of hand.

"'Our existing temples have been very reliably carbon-dated to the period 3,600 to 2,500 BC. In that space of time we have traced a regular evolution in style, from the small and rudimentary to the large and complex." The good professor then goes on to suggest that, if the ruins ARE validated, the only way they could possibly have gotten where they are is if they were contemporary to the ruins on the island, and were on an adjacent part of the island that "sank because of a fault in the rock."

So, what it amounts to is another discovery is being co-opted by the authorities who immediately pooh pooh it, cover it up, explain it away with their circular cerebral gymnastics.

The bottom line is: I want to know what was the cause of these crazy cart ruts that cannot have been cart ruts! They cannot possibly be cart ruts!

**A:** Energy grooves.

**Q:** (L) What kind of energy?

**A:** Something like short circuit at time of disturbance in magnetic field of planet.

**Q:** (L) Was there something inlaid there that conducted this energy? I mean, did this rock melt like this because it had lines of conductors laid into the ground?

**A:** Crystal generators were once used to collect and redistribute cosmic and terran energy fields.

**Q:** (L) How long ago were these ruts or grooves formed?

**A:** 14019 years ago as you measure it.

**Q:** (L) Was this before the temple structures were built on Malta?

**A:** Yes. Survivors built those.

**Q:** (L) These ruts are certainly in the way. They are a definite hazard to walking. Maybe they filled them in with dirt that later washed away.

**A:** Magnetic disturbance, human cause.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by that? Are you saying that the magnetic disturbance was caused by humans, or that the magnetic disturbance contributed to the cause of the ruts, and that the ruts were caused by humans, in such case, how did they cause the ruts in relation to the magnetic disturbance?

**A:** No. Calamities caused magnetic disturbances. Picture a short circuit in the global crystal power grid.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, a global crystal power grid short circuited due to magnetic disturbances, and these human constructed grid lines all over the planet - I'm sure they must have existed in other places if that is the case - did it just melt the rock?

**A:** Maltese condition is somewhat unique from a preservational standpoint.

**Q:** (L) Again, did the rock just melt along these laid out grid lines?

**A:** More like atomic changes structurally.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand if they were built or were they natural lines of conduction? Was this power grid artificial or natural?

**A:** An artificial utilization of natural energy fields.

**Q:** (L) Well, archaeologists like to explain them as cart ruts. But to dig such ruts 72 cm deep would take a VERY long time. And there is no consistent size or depth or direction, so that they are completely unexplainable as cart ruts. Yes, there ARE places where you see real cart ruts. In ancient Rome, they placed stones in the streets for pedestrians to walk across because the streets were often muddy or full of waste or water. But the stones were placed at specific intervals to accommodate a standard axle width. Here, there is NO standard! There is not standard axle width, there is no standard depth, there is no standard anything. Another explanation offered was that the Maltese were "dragging" things with something like the Native American travois deal. Get real! 72 cm deep in solid rock?! That's a LOT of dragging ! Another explanation was that the ruts were used to contain rolling balls on which things were slid along the ground. Only problem is that there is no consistent width of individual ruts, and many of them are incised as "V's" in the rock, not rounded as would be thought if balls were being used. None of the explanations make any sense. But, let's move on.

Next question: This was something that was bugging me, and somebody sent an e-mail asking the same question, so I thought I would toss it in here. What is the origin of the Finns. They are quite different from their neighbors, and something of a puzzle.

**A:** Tribal split in transit.

**Q:** (L) What tribe?

**A:** In other words, "you take the high road and I'll take the low road..."

**Q:** (L) Are they split off from the Hungarians? Were the Hungarians and the Finns originally the same tribe?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what is the origin of the Hungarians and Finns before they split?

**A:** Carpathian zone.

**Q:** (L) Now, you have them in a locator, what is the origin of their genotype since they sort of stand out alone?

**A:** What do you propose?

**Q:** (L) I guess that they were another experimental creation. A genetic "tweak," so to speak.

**A:** Works for us. [Laughter.]

**Q:** (L) Okay, that takes care of my short questions. Now, we have a problem here with Roswell. I just finished reading Kal Korff's book "Roswell: What they don't want you to know," and it is pretty much a bashing expose of lies and confusions spread, supposedly, by the many witnesses who have come forward over the years. He takes Jesse Marcel apart, he takes the fireman's daughter's story apart; he rips the undertaker's story to pieces; he takes Phil Corso's story apart; you name it, he bashes it to bits. Pretty effectively, too, in my opinion. He seems to have located the origin of the "little sticks" with hieroglyphics on them" seen by several of the so-called witnesses. This is a SERIOUS problem with this whole story. The problem is that, despite the fact that all the stories have been dissected by this guy so effectively, there ARE things he cannot account for, and explanations that he makes that simply don't fit his thesis.

On the one hand, he claims that the Roswell base people instituted a cover up of a top secret balloon project, and on the other hand, he says that the Roswell base did not KNOW about the top secret balloon project because it was so secret! That is completely irreconcilable.

Then he quotes a general's written statement that something WAS going on that had something to do with alien interactions, and dismisses this signed statement as "hearsay."

The thing that occurs to me is that

a) either we have somebody going back and forth in time, tweaking the facts, such as Marcel's military records and such things including any records of the nurse that the undertaker claims to have talked to, or

b) we have something that did happen and either they went back in time to set a situation up so that people would start remembering something OTHER than what happened, so as to cover up the real event with more or less "false memories" that could be not stand scrutiny; or

c) they are just feeding disinformation through all of these people, and have produced a whole scenario with all kinds of witnesses and weird stuff to cover up something that happened. Could you comment on this. You have already said that the actual crash did not occur at Roswell, that it occurred on the Plains of San Augustin...

**A:** Try scenario 3.

**Q:** (L) So, they are feeding disinformation through all the so-called "Roswell witnesses."

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) To cover up something that really did happen?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And they are feeding the disinformation through the people so that they will come out with this whole story, make all this big splash, so that it can THEN be proven false, so that everybody will think that the whole thing was a crock of kaflooey. Is that it?

**A:** Not quite. Confusing stories and fabrications are used to muddy the waters in anticipation of future disclosures. And beware of authors who cast one stone and hit multiple targets. As with any conspiratorial mystery, keep focused on the earliest entries in the evidentiary train, i.e. "RAAF recovers flying disk in Roswell region."

**Q:** (L) Oh, the newspaper headlines. Yes. Hmmmm... Terry was saying that he thought the Roswell business was a cover-up for space-time travel by some secret U.S. group.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, the other information you have already given on Roswell still stands. Is there any other comments you want to add to this information at this time?

**A:** Roswell did involve evidence of non-human intelligence.

**Q:** (L) I just can't understand some things. When these researchers get out there and they start digging into things, and this happens over and over again, they don't dig deep enough...

**A:** Kennedy was assassinated by every one... according to the myriad researchers, so called.

**Q:** (L) So true. You read one "carefully researched" book, and there is one candidate for the assassin. You read another "carefully researched" book and there is another candidate. By the time you get done reading all the books, everybody in the country is implicated! At the very least, everyone present in Dealey Plaza had the opportunity.

(F) They keep on searching. But, if you go back to the very beginning, that is where the clues are. Right away, there were reports of shooters on the "grassy knoll." The very early evidence gathered from those present was completely ignored and washed away as "irrelevant" or "misperception."

(B) There were people ducking and diving for cover because of their awareness of the source of the bullets!

(L) Yes, but all that is just brushed away as panic or whatever because, of course, Oswald did it! And, handily, Oswald gets blown away by Jack Ruby so he can never talk, for sure.

(F) And Jack Ruby died of cancer without talking to anyone except Dorothy Kilgallen, who then decided that it was the best time to commit suicide, right after interviewing Jack Ruby... naturally, before she ever wrote a word about it.

(L) Is there any trail we could follow that would enable us to obtain a more definite indication of what really DID go on in the Roswell case?

**A:** There is no "proof" or evidence unless the perceiver is willing.

**Q:** (L) So true. Like the Malta "cart ruts." It's there in stone, and the archeologists still seek to explain it away with nonsense.

(F) Yeah. It's the same story with the abduction experience. They have now discovered that if you put somebody in a sensory deprivation chamber and subject them to EM waves of some sort, they will report the same thing. So, let's just ignore the physical traces of alien interaction. Let's forget all that and pronounce that "see?! We have tested these other people in tanks, under waves, and that proves that this is the only thing going on here!" Forget the fact that the people experiencing abductions were NOT in sensory deprivation chambers and were NOT subjected to the same types of waves and suggestion.

(L) Moving along to the next question: we have been discussing memories and how memories of, say, past lives are stored, and that leads to the question of what is the structure and composition of the soul? How does the soul remember? How does it carry its memories from lifetime to lifetime, from body to body, whether simultaneous or sequential? How does the soul "store" them?

**A:** Has to do with atomic principles. These with gravity present the borderland for the material and the nonmaterial. Which theoretical atomic particulates would you think form the basis here?

**Q:** (L) How about tachyons?

**A:** Maybe neutrons?

**Q:** (A) Neutrons? Or neutrinos?

**A:** Neutrinos.

**Q:** (A) Well, first they say neutrons, then neutrinos. Or "maybe neutrons." I say "neutrinos" and they say "yes." So a "maybe" is only a pointer. Neutrinos are funny particles because they are massless. But, some people don't believe that neutrinos exist. My guess would be neutrinos. Do they exist?

**A:** Okay, we are going to throw caution to the "winds," and say yes. [Laughter.]

**Q:** (L) In terms of these neutrinos and soul composition, how are memories formed or held or patterned with these neutrinos?

**A:** Contained within for release when and if suitable.

**Q:** (L) Memories are contained within the neutrinos?

**A:** Sort of.

**Q:** (L) Are they contained within patterns formed by the neutrinos?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (L) So, that means that if one "consciousness unit," or soul, has more memories or experiences than another consciousness unit, it would have more neutrinos?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (B) Different patterns?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What's the difference?

**A:** More data per unit, sort of.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that an individual neutrino can be, in and of itself, more "dense" in data, so to speak?

**A:** So to speak.

**Q:** (L) Does this increased density of data change the nature or function of the individual neutrino?

**A:** Maybe it changes the function of the awareness, thus the environs.

**Q:** (L) Is there a specific number of neutrinos that constitutes a consciousness unit, or soul?

**A:** Number is not quite the right concept. Orientation is closer.

**Q:** (L) What are the orientational options?

**A:** Vibrational frequencies.

**Q:** (L) Do the vibrational frequencies increase or decrease with density of data?

**A:** Change; better not to quantify.

**Q:** (A) We are talking about soul. Soul is what density, in concept?

**A:** Ark, are neutrinos related to the concept of a bridge into pure energy in some way?

**Q:** (A) Yes. I was going in that direction. I was wondering why you speak about neutrinos and not photons, because photons are also a bridge to pure energy, I would say. The difference between photons and neutrinos is that photons are bosons and neutrinos are fermions. Neutrinos have to dance so that they don't touch each other. Bosons are like pairs of neutrinos and photons, as bosons, are free to move in space any way they want.

**A:** We would mention photons in terms of this discussion, but for the tendency of some reading the WebPages to misinterpret in terms of the "love and light" fantastic.

**Q:** (L) Well, the "light fantastic" was a dance around the turn of the century, so that refers back to the remark about "dancing." (A) Are neutrinos the fundamental building blocks of everything? The most fundamental particle, so to speak?

**A:** More like a midpoint with spherical outward expansive quality. Tetrahedron, pentagon, hexagon.

**Q:** (L) Just a quick question about why my feet are swelling so much...

**A:** Circulatory aberration.

**Q:** (L) What can I do to make it go away?

**A:** Aspirin therapy. If fails, try plavix until naturopathic remedies suffice.

**Q:** (L) What is "plavix?"

**A:** Prescription anticoagulant.

**Q:** (S) I was watching a jet the other day, and I saw two balls in the sky, only a little lighter than the sky itself, and I watched them for about 30 seconds, doing things that were impossible for a plane. What was I seeing?

**A:** UFO activity of probe in nature.

**Q:** (L) Were they interacting for her benefit, in her direction, or were they just there in a general sense?

**A:** Option 2.

**Q:** (L) Frank has been discussing the stock market with me. We are curious as to what kind of advice you would give at present. On other occasions you have advised other people on investment strategies that proved to be quite dramatic. At the time, we were unable to take advantage of such strategies. However, at the present time, we have some little surplus. What kind of investment strategies would you suggest for somebody looking for something that would assist in putting them in a position where they could devote more time to doing research and less time to working their buns off?

**A:** Be patient and communicate directly with corporation board members of prospective companies. "Small cap" technology and biotechnology firms offer the best long term investment potential.

**Q:** (L) Well, if the "wave" is gonna come or any other weird stuff is going to happen, do we want to look for long term investments?

**A:** When is wave coming?

**Q:** (B) I guess you take care of this business now and that business then! (L) I guess so! So any stocks in particular; any particular names; should we buy gold; is the market going to crash; what about bonds; the market is very unstable now. It's acting crazy. It's almost scary to jump in right now!

**A:** Market is not unstable, was for a short time as greedmeisters had their comeuppance.

**Q:** (L) That's the whole deal? Nothing more than that?

**A:** What more do you desire?

**Q:** (L) Well, kind of like this movie I was watching the other day. Is there some kind of formula you can use to predict if something is going to go zooming up so you can buy it before it does?

**A:** You need no formulas. You only need insight. Your gift is in the area of communication! We suggest application accordingly.

**Q:** (S) I guess if you apply yourself as diligently to the stock market as you do to your other studies, you'll be just fine. (L) I don't have TIME for that! I don't have time to study the market. I want something to put me on the right track so I can continue to work on the website!

**A:** If financial gain is an attractive option to you, and let us face it, yours is a 3rd density STS realm, then we believe you will discover previously uncharted reserves of "time" as the process unfolds.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying don't jump in without checking things out... because we don't have enough money to just throw it away...

**A:** Yes, but you, Laura, are simply not deterred nor intimidated by the imaginary pomp and circumstance of those who sit in board rooms.

**Q:** (B) Maybe what they are saying is that with your character make-up, what would normally put off another person wouldn't stop you at the board room door. You'd just charge in there... (L) But what does that have to do with buying stocks? (B) They said "Be patient and communicate directly with corporation board members of prospective companies." (L) So, if I research different stocks... (F) Maybe you should just e-mail them and say "hey, what's going on with your company?" You need to know what is going on with the company. (L) Any last questions before we stop for the night? (B) Are we going to be as vulnerable as I think we are going to be upon arrival in 4th density? I mean, we will be the new kids on the block!

**A:** Are you not already pretty damn vulnerable?

**Q:** (L) Well, yes we are already pretty vulnerable. Are we going to be MORE vulnerable?

**A:** What fear have ye, if ye remember that the soul is what counts, and that it is indestructible. Good night.

END OF SESSION

