## February 5, 2000
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Tiannih.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Okay, we have a bit of a problem here. I would like to ask some personal questions without fear of being thought too STS.

**A:** It is STS, but so be it.

**Q:** Has there been a major change in Tom French's attitude lately?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Has Tom always thought that I was a little crazy?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How did he manage to conceal this from me? I mean, I perceived interest and intellectual participation. How did he maintain this facade?

**A:** Interest in his subject.

**Q:** What is his subject as he sees it?

**A:** You.

**Q:** Well, how does he see me?

**A:** Fascinating woman.

**Q:** Why does he not convey THAT in his article as much as he conveys that he thinks I am crazy?

**A:** He does not view you as "crazy" in the literal sense. Rather, he views you as a wild eccentric, using eccentricity as your own personal mode of surviving the struggles common to all humanity. More overview needed. Mister French does indeed like you, Laura. In fact, it would not be entirely inaccurate to say that there even has been some prurient interest there at times... But, such is the state with this soul. He does not intend to cause harm. But he has repeatedly misjudged the depth of your being, often trying to label. He still does not quite get it. But, his domain does not contain as much depth as yours. Try to understand, the concept of 6th density light beings is as foreign to him as professional wrestling is to you.

**Q:** (F) But, that begs the question: how familiar is professional wrestling to him? (L) I suppose that he is working on the changes we have discussed. Is this the case?

**A:** To some extent.

**Q:** Are there any other changes that we ought to ask him to make?

**A:** Maybe a little.

**Q:** What is the most probable and likely result of the article with the changes that are being made, and as it will come out, following the present probabilities?

**A:** Bouquets and daggers. Fame and infame. But, Laura, Frank, and Arkadiusz: such is the state of the realm in which you now reside... If you cannot stand the heat, get out of the kitchen... But if you leave the kitchen, you will miss the aroma. In general, those predisposed to react positively will do so, regardless of literary content, and vice versa.

**Q:** I guess it is as it is, and that is that. How are the girls going to react to this thing? I am so worried about them being upset.

**A:** A\*\*\* is less vulnerable at this point. She may view any "questionable" content as simple vindication of already existing negative feelings toward you. In other words, she may externalize rather than internalize.

**Q:** How is L going to react to finding out that I thought he was a robotoid?

**A:** You should nip that one.

**Q:** Is this story going to have positive or negative effects on Tom's career, aside from its effects on us?

**A:** More positive.

**Q:** (A) Is there anything important which we should try to have changed beyond what we have already thought of? Is there anything important, that can make a difference, that has not occurred to us?

**A:** Well, it is late in the game for very much more revision. However, this may serve to attract further outside interest.

**Q:** The article will attract further outside interest?

**A:** Yes, tv, news, authors, publishers, etc... Remember, the Saint Petersburg Times has a well visited web site, too!

**Q:** Well, why do we feel like we are waiting for the guillotine to fall on our heads?

**A:** Guillotine will miss its mark if one retracts head.

{Personal exchange re: private information about other people.}

**Q:** What is the deal with this Santilli business? Do they have a machine that is producing free energy, or at least more energy comes out than is put in?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are they opposed to the idea of having somebody come in an have a look because that person might discover that their claims are greatly overrated? Are they using these claims as a lure to get government funding?

**A:** Will not get government funding. These people must not be aware that the "government" is fully aware of how to produce "free" energy. Some private sources, European in nature, may be interested, though.

**Q:** Are they trying to attract funding fraudulently?

**A:** More clumsy than fraudulent.

**Q:** It's really sad that Santilli is involved with such flakey people! (F) Hasn't he always been? (L) He is certainly influenced by the wrong people! And I don't think we want anything to do with him at all. (A) Now, we we were talking about Kaluza Klein, and you mentioned the Germans "exploring the loop of the cylinder" in relation to time travel. I don't know what this means but I have the idea that it is related to extra dimensions, hyperspace. Now, we asked a question at some point and you said that a cylinder is really a double loop. You then suggested that we meditate on the true meaning of this sentence. Now, I don't know how to meditate, but I do know how to do math. So, I drew three pictures here: one is a real cylinder, two is a which is a kind of cylinder inside a cylinder, and three, like a torus. Laura said that it wasn't any of these, that it should only have one side like a cylinder/mobius strip - no left and no right. So, this could be option 4, something like a Klein bottle or option 5, something called a twisted torus. Is it 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5? Or 6, none of the above? Is it one of these?

**A:** Selection 3.

**Q:** 3 is the torus. (L) What is a loop of the cylinder? Yes, there is one loop and then there is another loop. One loop is probably what we call time - cyclical time.

**A:** Time cycle.

**Q:** What is the second loop?

**A:** Included, but not inclusive.

**Q:** I guess that means that it is included, but is not the whole thing. It covers that, but that isn't the whole thing. What DOES it mean?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Wait, I asked what is the second loop. The second loop is included but not inclusive?

**A:** Remember, you do have cycles but that does not necessarily mean cyclical. 3 Dimensional depiction of loop, seek hexagon for more. Geometric theory provides answers for key. Look to stellar windows. Octagon, hexagon, pentagon.

**Q:** Are those the different levels of density?

**A:** No, but it relates. Geometry gets you there, algebra sets you "free."

**Q:** That's funny. There is Tony Smith's website, and whenever I search for any keyword that comes up here, I go straight to Tony Smith. He has everything there. (L) But, does he know what he is doing? (A) Well, he has it all there. He is now working on a new theory of gravity. (L) But, if he really knew something, would he be still walking around? Anything else?

**A:** No, not for now. Good night.

END OF SESSION

