## December 2, 2000
Ark, Laura, Tom K., Barry T.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Soalam.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Since we are regrooving with Tom, let's start with yes/no questions. We would like to ask how many sessions would be necessary to establish the new groove, to re-tune, since Frank has dropped out?

**A:** Four. Work on tuning.

**Q:** Is this a better combination than with Frank?

**A:** Yes. Possibly.

**Q:** (TK) [Indicating large crystal on table.] Do you like the new crystal?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it helpful to have it on the board?

**A:** No difference.

**Q:** (L) What is Frank upset about that caused him to want to drop out of the group?

**A:** Ring.

**Q:** (TK) What "ring?"

**A:** His importance.

**Q:** (TK) He's upset about his loss of importance in the group due to Ark and Laura getting married? Is that the ring?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that he is being manipulated by other forces?

**A:** Via other forces.

**Q:** (L) In other words, his thoughts and feelings are his own, but they are being utilized by amplification. (BT) Was Frank being used to monitor?

**A:** Yes. Some.

**Q:** (L) Was Frank influencing the material himself?

**A:** Only when his field was off. Like that moon.

**Q:** (L) Frank's field was off? (B) Or his disinformation was cyclic like the moon? (L) It was waxing and waning. In other words, we could go back through the material and use a cyclic pattern to discover the influences?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what was this beeping noise we heard in the house the other day?

**A:** No. 318 monitor.

**Q:** [Laughter.] (L) A physical monitor?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Something in our house, and it's still there?

**A:** Monitor. Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did it have some sort of glitch that made it start beeping suddenly?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who put it there? I mean, physically?

**A:** D\*\*\*.

**Q:** (L) The guy who did the work on the house?! In the attic?

**A:** Yes. Real small.

**Q:** (L) Did D\*\*\* know he was doing it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Which reminds me: did D\*\*\* forget to return our slap stapler?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Is there any way of feeding disinformation through this monitor?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BT) Is that something that we should attempt to do?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) Now, you say "no. 318" monitor. Does that suggest that there are at least that many monitors in our house? Is this because they are small? I theorized that when they brought the truck to blow the insulation in the attic, that this would have been a perfect way to install listening devices. But they would have to be small and numerous. (TK) Yes. How many monitors are in this house?

**A:** 85.

**Q:** (BT) Is this correlated to the cars that were regularly stopping out front?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) They don't really have to get close for that kind of work. Do they have to get close to access these monitors?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BT) Are they being monitored by 3D or 4D?

**A:** 4th.

**Q:** (L) Did these cars stopping in front of the house have something to do with us, even if not related to the monitors?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What were they up to? What about the people who came to the door? Were they sent for monitoring purposes?

**A:** Yes. Moles team.

**Q:** (BT) As in covert or undercover?

**A:** Yes. Motor handled.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean they are machines? They did a really good imitation of Sammy Davis Jr. (A) I want to go back to who is responsible for placing these monitors.

**A:** Illuminati Nacionale knights.

**Q:** (A) That sounds Italian. Hmmm. (L) Does Tom have some of these fun things in his house? (TK) Yeah!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) How many?

**A:** 85.

**Q:** (TK) Boy, they sure like that number! (A) What do they monitor?

**A:** Voice.

**Q:** (TK) Are they sound activated?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Maybe we should encourage the children to play weird music upstairs. (TK) They record whatever sound activates them, and then are later downloaded?

**A:** Yes. Often.

**Q:** (L) Aside from recording whatever we say, what is the objective of these monitors?

**A:** Control.

**Q:** (L) Do these monitors also emit anything? (B) Are they active as well as passive?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) All of them, or is it a combination of different types of monitors that are interactive or linked?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Does Barry have some in his house, too?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (BT) Did that have anything to do with triggering the doorbell?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Well, the fact that they are monitors, I can live with this. But the fact that they are not just passive, but also are active, makes me a little bit upset. If they are active, they probably produce some kind of vibration which acts on us continuously, so to say.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) It is sound - or vibrations? (A) What kind of action is it?

**A:** Psychic.

**Q:** (L) That's a pretty broad field. (A) Now, what is important for us, I think, is to know whether we can counteract this control by para-psychic means, by being aware, in a certain state or another, or if there is a physical action and we cannot control it because it acts on our genes, or our cells directly - our body chemicals - and messes up what we are doing. In that case, some kind of action would be reasonable. (TK) Okay, if these things are frequency emitters, and they affect us psychically, is there some way to counteract it, to neutralize it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this something physical or psychic?

**A:** Physical.

**Q:** (TK) Would it be a counter-vibration to cancel this out?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we need a device that produces a certain frequency?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Is such a thing available commercially?

**A:** Other.

**Q:** (L) It has to be built. (TK) Are crystals involved in this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Well, we've got a problem here because we have these 85 monitors. They monitor sound. This means that they are monitoring now.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) So, if we discover what we have to build or do to counteract this, then the whole thing will be a waste of time because they will come along and install new ones or act to cancel out what we have done. Is this true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Is this a no win situation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, there IS a way to figure it out. (TK) Can we have some sort of idea as to how to go about counteracting this? (L) Yeah, gasoline and a match. [Laughter.] (TK) For instance, discuss it at a session held somewhere else?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** (TK) That says that it would not necessarily help. It wouldn't be a long term cure.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, we could just sell the house and let them monitor someone else.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) Is there a way to shield this room? At least temporarily.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) But that doesn't help between the sessions. We would still be bombarded by these frequencies between the sessions. But, if the area were shielded while getting the information... Do we have to make or build some kind of personal device that people can carry or wear to shield themselves from this type of manipulation? Is that a viable option?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Well, these things must be getting energy from somewhere. Well, they could be getting energy from the electromagnetic field which is everywhere. (TK) Do crystals have anything to do with the proposed device - the shielding device?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They have mentioned that crystals with energy fields are helpful in this way. Apparently the sun's energy is helpful also. (TK) Okay, if we were to figure out how to fabricate such devices, can such a thing be modified to counteract changes in the attack frequency?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I had a thought about those metal sheds. Run some electrical current to it, go inside and fire it up. (BT) Isn't that something like a Faraday Cage. (TK) Well, that would provide an area that would shield the sessions. But it wouldn't help between the sessions. Would this be some kind of big, huge thingy... (L) As in really expensive and difficult to make?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Now, waves are things. You can make waves... (TK) And you can cancel them. Like white noise or something along that line. (L) Well, maybe we ought to get one of those white noise machines. Would that help?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (TK) How would you know what to set it to? It has to be super low or super high frequency... (A) There is a different possibility. Now, when we wear these zappers, we have a current going through us. Can something along this line cancel activation of physical changes generated by these monitors?

**A:** Yes. To a point.

**Q:** (BT) Is this no 318 monitoring commonplace, or is it reserved for "special" people? That is, it common to the populace at large?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) What does 318 stand for? Is it a model number?

**A:** Number of monitor.

**Q:** (A) So, it's like our user number. We are location 318. So they must have a map.

**A:** Big log.

**Q:** [Laughter.] (L) Not a map, just a big log. Well heck, if we are only number 318, who is number 1? (TK) Is the number related to the order of importance?

**A:** No.

**A:** (BT) Just a locator number for identification. (A) I guess they have a certain number of places and they assign numbers. If there is a successful "monitoring" and the people die, then they can assign the number to someone else. (L) Right, like social security numbers. Back to the problem. Would lining the room with metal (aluminum foil) help?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Would lining the room with foil and electrifying it help?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) How about copper mesh?

**A:** Better.

**Q:** (TK) When we were running tests onboard the ship, they loaded some trailers on the hangar deck and they contained real sophisticated and classified equipment in there. To protect it from radar sweeps, they covered the trailers with copper mesh. It didn't have to be activated by any current, but it did have to be grounded. What it did was absorb the radar and shunted it to ground instead of allowing it to "read." Then, there is something else called "RAM," or Radar Absorbent Material.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) That stuff is expensive. (L) What about silk?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The alchemists say that to protect the body from outside frequencies, one should wear silk. I know that sounds crazy, but that's what they said and did. Silk is a heck of an insulator. (TK) If we shielded the area with a silk tent, or wear silk clothing... (A) Silk by itself might not work, or it probably only works when in contact with the body. (TK) A copper mesh around the area would help.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) RAM would help?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Silk would help?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (TK) Would all three in combination be necessary?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, you are talking some big bux there. (TK) Is there another way to do this that isn't quite so involved? Does it require this degree of protection?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What we have figured out is that if we produce a canceling frequency, all they will do is change the frequency. That could go on, tit for tat, endlessly. (A) They have standard monitors. They can tune it a little bit differently, but they cannot do much without continuously planting new devices. There is a limit to the changing of frequencies, perhaps. So, if we know how to tune our device to their device, we can do it. (TK) I don't know if what we are needing is so complicated a device. Probably just a frequency generator. A simple device hooked to a crystal. Is that going in the right direction?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Our zapper, for instance, is a very simple device. It operates on a single integrated circuit. (TK) A frequency generator can be cheap. You hook it to a crystal for amplification.

**A:** Plot many frequencies.

**Q:** (A) We need to know the range. (TK) Can you tell us what frequency range?

**A:** Yes. 549 hz to 832 hz.

{Typical voice frequencies might range from around 90 hertz for a low-pitched male voice to about 300 hertz for a high-pitched child's voice. The audible bands start at about 10Hertz. 1035 Hertz is that of Cosmic Rays. Wireless communications varies from about 3KHz, which is still in the audible range, up to the visible light range at about 1015 Hertz where some laser-based systems operate. These frequencies all vary in their propagation characteristics and susceptibility to interference, which determines their value for a particular purpose. For most applications the usable spectrum stops about 300GHz, at the beginning of the infrared band. A normal human can hear between 20 Hz and 20,000 Hz.}

**Q:** (A) So it's sound. Standard sound. Okay, white noise would be a partial solution. These numbers mean we would have to produce quite a range of frequencies. (TK) I was under the impression that it would be a very low frequency or a very high frequency, something beyond the range of hearing. (L) Well, this could relate to the fact that they are sound monitors. (TK) Where do they download from?

**A:** Ship.

**Q:** (BT) They said it was 4th density, didn't they? (TK) Spaceship?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Can these little things send information directly to a spaceship? (L) Well, considering that it is supposed to be 4th density technology... (TK) Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) I want to argue. If we can counteract with 3rd density technology... (L) Then there must be some element of 3rd density tech involved. (A) Right. (L) Well, there probably has to be. They may have some super-duper humdinger of a chip that we haven't even dreamed of yet. They may be using nanotech for all we know. We may have these kinds of monitors in our bodies based on nanotechnology. (TK) How can we determine what kind of personal device we can build or make to protect ourselves?

**A:** More silk.

**Q:** (L) Is most of this activity designed to interact with the glandular system or with neuropeptides?

**A:** Label meier.

**Q:** (BT) A garment manufacturer with the label of Meier? (L) What about Billy Meier? (TK) Is it a garment manufacturer?

**A:** Label Meier.

**Q:** (L) On a scale of 1 to 10, how clean was the transmission while working with Frank?

**A:** 5.

**Q:** (L) Okay, on a scale of 1 to 10, what are we working with now?

**A:** 2.

**Q:** (TK) So we are getting garbled information. (L) It's always that way when you are tuning a new combination of receivers. (L) I would say that we need to really "weed" what we are getting right now and maybe come back to it later. (TK) Yeah. Some of it is good information, but you have to figure out which is which. (L) And we have to keep "grooving" because doing it makes it work. (TK) Is it better than last time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (TK) About the same?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Clearing the channel means two things: being more sensitive and when you get more sensitive, more data comes, and you get happy and you are so happy that, without knowing it, you act on the data. You may distort the data. The more you get, the more you are inclined to act from yourselves. So, when you get more, you have to work on being more silent.

**A:** Maze.

**Q:** (BT) The transmission is a maze, or the device needs to be more like a maze? (L) I think they are referring to the fact that getting out of the soup is a maze. We are in a maze in general as Ark pointed out. (L) Well, there is something I would like to inquire about. Previously, toward the end of the period of working with Frank, there was a lot of encouragement given to investing in the stock market. That was Frank's ambition. Was that biased information from Frank?

**A:** Look now.

**Q:** (BT) Does it mean that now is a good time to look at stocks?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (BT) Now is a good time to reveal the investment program?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Look at the stock market now?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) We were also told that worrying about getting a book put together was not something we were supposed to be concerned with, that it would happen on its own? That was not a problem.

**A:** Not not problem.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can do to accelerate the grooving process?

**A:** More channeling.

**Q:** (L) Just simply to do it more?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the cause of the state of mind I have been in with the writing for the last few weeks. I have basically been in a very chaotic state, unable to write. Is that a result of Frank's actions and thinking?

**A:** Monitors.

**Q:** (L) What chemical are they producing? {BT's cell phone emits beep noises and is turned off. Laughter.}

**A:** Fe fe fe fe fe fe.

**Q:** (L) What is that? (A) Fe is iron. (L) Oh! Yes, we asked what was going on with my chaotic state. (TK) Is that the answer to Laura's question? (L) Is my iron level low?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we need to know for the upcoming week or two that you could advise us on without specific questions?

**A:** All must be careful.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's pretty general. (BT) In a physical, mental or emotional way?

**A:** All.

**Q:** (L) Are we under a particularly intense period of attack at the present time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Nothing more than usual.

**A:** Yes. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

