## March 18, 2000
Laura, Ark, Frank

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ponollah.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (A) I have two questions. The first question is about a German fellow named Heim who wrote a couple of books about gravity, antigravity, and all kinds of strange theories that somehow fit what I think is the right direction. These theories were advertised on the internet by our friend, Berkant, and I looked into it and they seem to be interesting. But, they are in German and are costly. They may be useful, but on the other hand it may be a risk. There is no way to say if they may be valuable or not. So, is it worthwhile to invest in these books?

**A:** Well, the books contain valuable information, but it is not all valid. One must weave. Static electricity engages a part of continuum.

**Q:** This relates to these books?

**A:** Yes. Three pronged instrument. Wave transducer.

**Q:** I guess that means it's worthwhile to study these books.

**A:** "Heim." Pseudonym?? Clue?

**Q:** That's all my questions.

**A:** Need more questions.

**Q:** What is the deal with Barry Warmkessal? … Barry has written a paper about the formation of solar systems and the necessity for a twin star system in such developments. According to his calculations and his theory, the mass of the companion star must be far less than what you indicated the mass of the proposed companion star for our solar system might be. He theorizes that the relationship should be the same as between a proton and an electron, mass wise. Is he correct?

**A:** Best to not quite fall into the mirror image atomic principles trap, lest one suppose to have completely conquered the atomic properties puzzle.

**Q:** Okay, can you give us an interpretation of this crop circle here that Barry has interpreted in his way?

**A:** Maybe a solar type system. Maybe not the one commanded by Sol.

**Q:** If it is not the one commanded by Sol, which one would it be? It must be one of such importance that such a message is being conveyed in a crop circle formation, I would think.

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** What solar system would it be? What is the name of the star? Would we even know the star?

**A:** In or of Epsilon.

**Q:** Which Epsilon?

**A:** Major.

**Q:** There are a lot of stars called "epsilon." Which constellation?

**A:** Adjoining constellation.

**Q:** What constellation?

**A:** No more information to be revealed at this time.

**Q:** Is this a solar system from which some of the aliens visiting our planet originate?

**A:** Something like that... From which someone originates.

**Q:** Someone who?

**A:** Take a wild guess!

**Q:** Are they STS or STO?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** Well, you have said that the crop circles are expressions of 6th density thoughts. Does this mean that we are being warned about this?

**A:** On wrong track. More like an historic pictogram.

**Q:** Is the orbit depicted without a planet depicting a planet that was destroyed?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What does the orbit without a planet depict?

**A:** Transference.

**Q:** Transference of that planet to another realm? Transference of what?

**A:** Those who were relocated after the prototypical population was completed.

**Q:** Are you saying that this is a pictogram of the mother planet of the human race?

**A:** Close. That which led to the human race as it now exists.

**Q:** As we measure time, what period of time does this pictogaph represent, counting backward in years?

**A:** Millions.

**Q:** Getting back to the earth and companion star business, Barry is predicting that comets will begin hitting about the year 2003, based on the planet positions of this crop circle. Now, even if it is not a representation of planetary positions in our solar system, he COULD be picking up information psychically and using this information as a 'bridge' to present, or rationalize it. So, he has this prediction, what is the likelihood of this idea or prediction coming true?

**A:** Probably will not be.

**Q:** He said that the orbit of the companion star, based on his calculations, was about 5000 years long...

**A:** Our "companion star" data was meant as a clue for guidance purposes, not as the be all and end all.

**Q:** Would you address the issue of Michael's claim that the dawn of man was dated to about 58000 years ago?

**A:** No. 58000 years ago, as you would perceive it, human types on earth were a thriving, techno-society, already long since entrenched.

**Q:** Well, where does this Michael entity get his information?

**A:** Separate wheat from chaff.

**Q:** Speaking of wheat and chaff, why is Ark sneezing so much lately?

**A:** Pollen allergy shows up this year due to increased pollen count.

**Q:** Speaking of pollen count, we need rain. Is it going to start raining?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it going to rain a lot?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it going to be soon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Now, a couple of world events have recently occurred which were in an earlier list of predictions. One of these was the Ukraine explosion and the other was the flood in Africa. In fact, the flood headlines were almost in the same words you gave it. What this made me think was that, since these things are beginning to happen, since they were given as a group prediction, does this mean that the other things in that particular segment may be just around the corner in time, so to speak?

**A:** Could be.

**Q:** You also made a remark once that ice ages occur much, much faster than people ever thought...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Do we need to invest in some mukluks and snowshoes?

**A:** ??

**Q:** Well, what I am trying to get at is: should we start stockpiling firewood?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** So, it could be that fast?

**A:** Oh yes, and faster when in response to global"warming."

**Q:** When you put "warming" in quotes, you obviously mean warming in more than just an ordinary sense? Is that correct?

**A:** And/or not really "warm."

**Q:** Whitley Strieber and Art Bell have published a book about a "global superstorm." Is any of the information they have given in this book fairly accurate?

**A:** Derived from non-human sources known for stark accuracy, when convenient.

**Q:** What makes it convenient at the present time for them to be "starkly accurate?"

**A:** Fits into plans.

**Q:** Plans for what?

**A:** Do we not know already?

**Q:** In other words: world conquest and the takeover of humanity?

**A:** Not as simple.

**Q:** What would make my statement more accurate?

**A:** Call it amalgamation.

**Q:** I do want to ask about this head of Tutankhamen: why was his head so extremely elongated, as well as the heads of the other members of that family?

**A:** Trace gene.

**Q:** Where did the trace gene come from?

**A:** Last "call."

**Q:** The last visit of the Nephilim?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** Did the gene come through Ankhenamen or Nefertiti?

**A:** One sound like nephilim, or your "Nefilim."

**Q:** So, Nefertiti. Where did Nefertiti come from? She is a BIG mystery. I had been formulating the idea that she was Sarai, the wife of Abraham, and the whole story about the pharaoh of Egypt stealing Abraham's wife and this caused an "affliction" was really the story of the marriage of Nefertiti to Ankhenaten and explained his peculiar physical characteristics. Supposedly Abraham's wife was very beautiful, and the name "Nefertiti" is supposed to mean "A Beautiful Woman Has Come," and that sort of fits. Nobody seems to know where she came from... or who she was. Then, she disappeared from history; nobody has ever found her body or the body of Ankhenaten. It's just such a big mystery. Where did she come from?

**A:** We will let you search some more.

**Q:** So, I guess that means I will figure it out from clues yet to be found. Now, I want to go back to what you said about Whitley Strieber and Art Bell getting their information from "non-human" sources about world conquest and domination. Are Art and Whitley consciously aware of their connection to this source of information?

**A:** Amalgamation, we did not say "conquest."

**Q:** But, on previous occasions you have discussed the alien plan to manipulate humanity via time travel, creating an infrastructure for taking over the world. Are you saying that it will be done in such a way that there is no "outward" sign that it has happened?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** So, in other words, the world is being taken over gradually, right now, as we sit here and speak, and most people aren't even aware of it?

**A:** Sort of....

**Q:** Are people, at any point, going to become aware of it? Are they going to wake up... or is it just the way of nature?

**A:** Natural processes.

**Q:** So, aliens are never going to appear in the sky; there is never going to be a battle as you have previously stated; there is never going to be...

**A:** WHOA!

**Q:** Well, that's kind of what you are saying!

**A:** No. You are impatianet for a quick, packaged definition.

**Q:** What I am trying to get at is; you are saying it is a natural process; you are saying we are being taken over; it is not a conquest; though you did not say that it was not domination, of course - clearly domination is part of it, is that correct?

**A:** One could call it evolution.

**Q:** Well, still those things make one tend to think of natural processes that do not involve a war in the sky, spaceships shooting lasers...

**A:** Who says such rules apply?

**Q:** I'm just saying that it how you are making it sound; that it is just a strictly natural process. We are talking about 4th density beings... I guess they could...

**A:** Natural processes are not restricted by your preconceived boundaries.

**Q:** Then, let me come at it from another direction: are these beings who are behind Strieber and Bell's book part of those who will participate in some sort of battle? The problem here is that you have excluded the word "conquest." (A) I think they excluded conquest because, to a large extent, for most people, it is not a conquest; they just simply allow it. So, there is no conquest for most...

**A:** That is part of it, but we know you can exceed your programmed ideas if you try. Conquest, or lack thereof is a matter of opinion/perception.

**Q:** Let me get this straight: how is this book by Strieber and Bell going to play into the plans of STS aliens?

**A:** Not the book, the events depicted.

**Q:** So, are you saying that Whitley and Art are doing a favor for all of us by publicizing this information, that it could be helpful?

**A:** Makes little difference.

**Q:** Is there anything that COULD make a difference? Or is it necessary to make a difference?

**A:** In the biggest picture, no.

**Q:** So, it's not necessary to make a difference?

**A:** The soul, she counteth. The body, she doth not!

**Q:** So, that's the biggest picture. Narrow the picture down: is there something that could make a difference? Clearly, in the biggest picture, nothing makes a difference...

**A:** Native Americans asked similar questions once!

**Q:** Which brings up the subject of Native Americans. A big part of what is being taught by them at the present time is that the aliens, the Grays, and assorted others, are good guys - the "star people" coming here to teach us and to help us advance! They claim that it is a "good" thing to have contacts, abductions, and so on and on.

**A:** No. Corrupted message. Some early contacts were with benevolent STO beings.

**Q:** And now they are confused because they think that the present contacts are with the same beings of the past contacts?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Okay. Now, there is a peculiar side effect going on with our little mail group. These are folks who are well-read and pretty much aware. But, what seems to happen is that, when folks start to read our material, to become aware, they start to have all kinds of weird stuff start happening to them. Some of this stuff is SO bizarre!

**A:** You know this already.

**Q:** Are there any words of advice you can give to the group, in general?

**A:** Sure... KNOWLEDGE PROTECTS IGNORANCE ENDANGERS!

**Q:** It seems that once they start getting some clues, the attacks increase and it becomes very discouraging. How can they survive this stage of the process?

**A:** One must know of attack, expect it, then counteract. Some of your correspondents are too naive.

**Q:** Any other advice? Some of them are getting hit pretty hard just now...

**A:** You can take it from there. And you are tiring now...

**Q:** I know, but I have one quick one. We have this guy, Johan M\*\*\* in Belgium, who claims to have had a sort of Epiphany on a night train to China some years ago. Apparently, this involved Cassiopeia, and he believes that he is "in touch" with you guys. He is coming to Florida next month and wants to meet with us. Is he really in contact with you, or is he a spy? Even if a friendly spy?

**A:** Who cares? Learning is fun! Even if one or two toes falls off.

**Q:** You said before that there were going to be all kinds of events resulting from the article. So far: zero, zip, zilch. Not a word, not anything. I am beginning to think it was just a twenty minute wonder...

**A:** So far is so far.

**Q:** Can you tell us anything about what is coming up?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are we gonna like it?

**A:** Wait and see.... good night.

END OF SESSION

