## September 24, 2001
Laura and Ark

**Q:** (L) Hello

**A:** Good being back.

**Q:** (L) And who are we communicating with this evening?

**A:** Hoskim.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (A) Let's ask about this invitation to do the radio show. Is it wise to engage with this particular...

**A:** Yes. Host a fine show

**Q:** (L) It's funny that that guy would call me up to ask me if we wanted to host a show, after the C's had said something - what a month or so ago - about hosting a show. Remember? And we thought it was crazy. Was that when Terri was here, it was before she was here.

**A:** Yes. Make you famous

**Q:** (L) Is that something we want to do?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L)Why?

**A:** Influence for TOE. {Theory Of Everything.}

**Q:** (L) You said last time that Israel was behind the attack on the WTC. They are collecting evidence that Osama Bin Laden and company are behind it. Are they manufacturing this evidence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the truth going to come out?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a clue about when or how? I know when is not a good question, but how? (A) You already know what they said last time. (L) What? (A) Month or less. (L) Well we know their sense of timing is lousy. (A) Yeah, since our time is not the same as theirs. (L) Exactly. (A) December our time might not be... (L) Maybe December ten years from now. (A) Right. (L) Is the stock market ever going to go back up?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (A) I'm curious about this collapse of this building. Did we ask?

(L) I think we asked something but. So many people are saying that the building collapsed because it had explosives planted in it. (A) Or something, because it was not a natural act of just airplane impact. There is more to that. (L) Is there more to the collapse of these buildings than the event which occurred that we saw: The airplane impact, the fire, the explosion, jet fuel and that sort of thing. Is there more to it than that?

**A:** No.

{The last answer is clearly wrong and reflects my own strong emotional reaction.}

**Q:** (L) Endless speculation. The conspiracy mongers just go crazy on everything. It was just a cheaply built building. It was not built to withstand a jumbo jet. So are we going to have a war here?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to have more terrorist attacks in the US? They already said no, but that's because we already know it wasn't terrorist. Are we going to have more violence in the US that may not be as a results of terrorists?

**A:** Yes.

Q:(L) Can you designate any of the areas where this violence may occur in the near future?

**A:** Indianapolis.

**Q:** (A) What is that? (L) Indianapolis is a city in Indiana. Well that's something that has never been mentioned. What kind of violence?

**A:** Hit by focusing beam of the HAARP array.

**Q:** (L) Well that's weird. (A) By mistake? An accident?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What will be the outcome of Indianapolis being hit by this focusing beam of the HAARP array?

**A:** Mind controlled violence.

**Q:** (L) Can we know what form it will take?

**A:** Shootings.

**Q:** (L) Are there going to be any other kinds of violence, such as bombs or airplanes being flown into buildings, or release of anthrax, or small pox, or any other kind of chemical or germ warfare activities. Any of those?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Which ones?

**A:** Fair chance of germ disbursement.

**Q:** (L) What kind of germ?

**A:** Influenza.

**Q:** (L) Do you mean a deadly form of flu?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) But nothing like anthrax or small pox or any of those really sick ones? Is that it?

**A:** No. Keep looking and listening.

**Q:** (L) Well we plan to. What is going to happen with the Middle-eastern situation; this Afghanistan or whatever?

**A:** Herding of population to much finer order of control.

**Q:** (L) What is the purpose of this control; this increasing control.

**A:** Preparation for war in Palestine.

**Q:** (L) But nobody has said anything about having a war in Palestine. They're all talking about having a war in Afghanistan. How does Palestine fit in here?

**A:** It is the ultimate objective of Israel.

**Q:** (L) Why would they want to have war in their own country? Well, aside from the fact that they've been having a war in their own country for a long time. I guess they want to bring it to a final conclusion. What is going to be the result of this plan?

**A:** Destruction of Jews.

**Q:** (L) Well obviously this is not what THEY are planning, is it?

**A:** No.

Q:(L) They are planning destruction of Palestinians, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It seems that through out history whenever the Jews have plotted and planned to destroy somebody, they are the ones who have ended up being destroyed themselves. Or am I misreading my history here?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) We've had months of fighting, demanding and rescuing and fixing, and now it's - where are we? It appears as if it will continue. Now the point is it was probable kind of a distraction and it was kind of successful. The question is now, of course, out of many things that I can do concerning the research, what is the thing that I need to concentrate on; what are the missing parts. I need to take a decision now. Can you help?

**A:** Invitation will arrive soon. When it comes accept graciously. It will lead to an important change for you.

**Q:** (A) I hope the invitation will come soon. Perhaps six years from now. I'd like to know what I should concentrate on, in the period between now and the invitation that will come soon?

**A:** Hyperdimensional physics.

**Q:** (A) Well hyperdimensional physics, means putting away Maxwell, putting away superluminal, putting away electromagnetism, putting away Rodriquez, putting away quaternions. It means, as I read it, going back to...

**A:** Yes. 1969. Yes, most beneficial.

**Q:** (A) OK 1969: I was thinking about Kaluza-Klein theories. I was playing with algebras and infinite dimensions.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Alright I was thinking at the time about symmetry between matter and anti-matter.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) And this may also take us to our French friend Jean-Pierre Petit.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Oh well, very strange. (L) I'm just watching going around. (A) Alright, I'll go to work.

**A:** Yes. Pronto!

**Q:** (A) {Laughter} Pronto? Oh! Another thing in 1969, I was introduced to 'pronto.' In 1972 I went to Rome and met with Sergio Doplicher and he was answering the phone 'pronto, pronto!' And at that time, I was also using these algebras to describe electromagnetism and what I called indefinite metric, which was supposed to be my first paper in 1969, but I never published it at that time. 1969 can also mean...

**A:** Pronto! Dear ones, we want to see you succeed in your mission.

**Q:** What is the mission?

**A:** You will discover it.

**Q:** (L) Are we going to be unhappy or happy when we discover it?

**A:** Joy unspeakable!

**Q:** (L) I dreamed about a baby the other night. What did this baby represent?

**A:** Your progression, your path of discovery.

**Q:** (L) Do we have any particular worries at the present moment, aside from financial worries? I mean like is the FBI going to come knocking at our door and try to inject us with some kind of name and number chip under our skin. Or are they going to try and come and muscle us out of here or do you see any such danger ahead of us? Or am I just being overly-imaginative?

**A:** No, but keep watch.

**Q:** (L) Should we buy a gun to have on hand in the house?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Settled that. I didn't want one anyway. But you just never know. I mean I don't even like shooting. Yucky So what else do you need to know? Oh, did our creating a little whirlpool in the swimming pool cause the rain. (A) {Snickering. The mood changes, Ark cracks himself up until the end}

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Oh honey you did that. (A) I didn't! They're joking. They are having fun. But in a sense. Yes, because you know there is always this mixing of what is cause and what is effect. So in this case we know there was going to be rain. (L) We did not. I didn't expect there to be rain, that's why I wanted to make rain. There was no sign of rain. (A) We in another density, we knew it and we caused it. (L) Well let me ask, does this copper spiral that we have under the pool with the little hangy-out spiral does it produce any affect at all of any interest? (A) {Wheezing with laughter.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You're playing with me. Can you tell me what this effect is?

**A:** Hydro-energic transposition

**Q:** (L) Transposition to what?

**A:** Physical rehabilitation.

**Q:** (L) You mean it just collects energy in the water and transfers it to the body if you're in the water?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And it doesn't shoot any energy up in the sky and make rain or storms or any kind of thing like that?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) So we should swim everyday, each day, even if it rains. (L) Do orgone accumulators make rain?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Do orgone accumulators accumulate orgone? {giggling}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is orgone?

**A:** Life-force.

**Q:** (L) What is life-force? (A) What is the closest expression in physical terms?

**A:** EM substrate.

**Q:** (A) What is substrate?

**A:** Base.

**Q:** (L) How does EM substrate or base... (A) Vacuum point? Vacuum.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) Something related to what people call zero point energy?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) Something related to 1969?

**A:** Pronto!

**Q:** (L) I want to know how to make rain. I think that is a handy thing to know. Is there a way?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (L) Is there a simple way, like making orgone shooter things?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Rats. (A) I know all I need tonight, I go read, think of it. I know what to do. (A) Well if I have life-force and if I know about vacuum, and so on, we'll have everything we need to shoot this energy and we'll transform and we will make rain. (L) Should we refinance our mortgage?

**A:** Wait and see events.

**Q:** (A) Do you remember a year ago? They were saying about our stocks that in December we were going to be... (L) ...be happy (A) Be happy. OK? It's another December coming. (L) Are we going to be happy with our stocks this December?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I'll be surprised. (A) If we invested in anything that's of military value, then we'll be happy to be in a war. See? (L) Trying to see if there's anything else. (A) I want to go to bed then work and then talk tomorrow. (L) Anything else we need to know tonight that we didn't ask? About world affairs, the e-group, the web site, the book, radio show, work, anything?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Well then, goodnight. Sleep tight, sweet dreams and goodnight.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

