## August 10, 2001
[Vincent Bridges'post to the Cassiopaea Guestbook regarding Theft of the Cass Transcripts](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/clarification.htm)

[To The the Members of the Cassiopaea Discussion Group: Know Your Rights: Zaca Lake Refunds](http://www.cassiopaea.com/archive/zaca.htm)

[Retreat from Zaca](http://www.cassiopaea.com/archive/zaca2.htm)

[The Jadczyk - Weidner Correspondence](http://www.cassiopaea.com/archive/wiley3.htm)

Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello?

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Viaggmor.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** I would like to ask if we can ask some questions about Vincent Bridges and Jay Weidner.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What are their intentions toward us?

**A:** Bad.

**Q:** What are their plans?

**A:** Sip prormt

**Q:** (A) What? What? It doesn't make sense. (L) That wasn't a word. What are their plans?

**A:** Sip pout gag.

**Q:** (A) What? What do you ... (L) Sip? Pout? Gag? (A) What is sip? (L) Sip means to take a drink of something - sip something. Sip? Pout? Gag? What are they going to sip?

**A:** Knowledge.

**Q:** Oh, they took a sip of knowledge - or they're going to take a sip of knowledge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And this sip of knowledge is going to make them pout and gag? (A) What is pout? (L) To just ... (demonstrates). Who are they going to get this sip of knowledge from that is going to make them pout and gag?

**A:** Lawyer.

**Q:** In other words, they're going to find they do not have a leg to stand on?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, is Vincent really connected to these Satanic people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is he connected to them close to the inner circle?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is he really an initiated Sufi?

**A:** No. Karma is coming.

**Q:** Do we have anything to be concerned about where they are concerned?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Do we need to take any further actions like putting more information on the website, any other things than what we are currently doing or have already done?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What?

**A:** Some more web info.

**Q:** (L) Should I put on the Perseus site what we have discovered about Vincent? A report on his claim to fame? {Much of this information was provided to us by Teresa Burns}

**A:** No.

**Q:** What, in specific, on the web?

**A:** Files make him sick move to gag.

**Q:** (L) In other words, I should put something else that would drive him to go to an attorney? Make him madder?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Should I post Jay Weidner's letter from this morning? {See: http://www.cassiopaea.com/archive/wiley3.htm}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What's the point? (L) To make him go to an attorney? I don't know. What's the point - I don't get it? (A) What's the point of making them go to an attorney? (L) Well, an attorney may tell them that they are crossing dangerously close over the lines of being subject to a lawsuit themselves.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** And I could also post Vincent's article or the letter he wrote himself about slander and libel.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, I don't like the idea of doing any of those things. They make me feel yucky. So why are you telling me to do them?

**A:** How do you think Vincent will feel?

**Q:** Well, he'll obviously feel more yucky that I will. I'll think about it and see how I feel in the morning. See if they send any more blasts in the morning. (A) I think they said they will. If they decided to organize a conference, they will be in touch with these other people. And it takes their energy to organize. (L) They're not organizing anything. Did you ever notice them organizing anything at all so far? They have no idea what they're doing. All they're doing is running a con job. They're taking people's money. That's all they're doing. (A) Well, for me, it's hard to believe. (L) That's all they're doing. Is all this just a con job to put themselves in a position to take people's money?

**A:** In part.

**Q:** Well, I just can't imagine what was going through that man's mind when he wrote that E-mail. I mean, that man is like ... I mean, I simply can't conceive of the type of consciousness that could occupy a physical body that could write that type of an E-mail. You know, it passes my understanding.

**A:** STS love.

**Q:** Service to Self love. Well, boy, he must be exploding on himself, or imploding or whatever. OK. Is Infinity Publishing a ... I don't know how to ask this question. We found this place called Infinity Publishing, where it's like print-on-demand. We'll have total control of the product, and we think this is a pretty good way to go. Should we be focusing on this book deal right now, since we can do it this way, since we've been working on it. Should we continue to push on this or should we just back away and do something else?

**A:** Do it now!!!!

**Q:** Are we going to get any decent sales for our books?

**A:** Yes!!!!

**Q:** Are we going to be able to survive this flame war and attack from Vincent and Jay Weidner?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Why not?

**A:** They will open the door to fame.

**Q:** What?! HOW can that be possible? Huh? (A) From slandering us?!

**A:** No, but have contacts who will be interested.

**Q:** (A) They have ... who? (L) They have contacts that will be interested. That's weird. Well, what do you want to ask them? Anything in particular? Is Barry an STS agent {as suggested by Terri Burns and Vincent Bridges}?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Do we have an STS nasty agent on our list?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How many?

**A:** Two.

**Q:** Have they been there a long time or are they recent?

**A:** One each.

**Q:** (A) One what? (L) One each. One has been there a long time and one recent. Is anyone on the list forwarding the list mail to Vincent?

**A:** No.

**Q:** I didn't think so. They're all pretty good. (A) There are two different agents? (L) Yeah. Is J\*\* R\*\*\* involved in Satanism [as claimed by Vincent Bridges]?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Who killed Jon Benet Ramsey? [Long wait, then laughter.] (L) They won't answer that ... thought I'd slip that one in real quick. Well, was J\*\** R\*\*\* involved with that, as Vincent suggests?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Do you mean he was close to it or involved with it?

**A:** Close to it.

**Q:** Was he involved with it in the sense of something that brought it about?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L to A) Any questions you want to ask? There was something I was thinking about earlier today that I wanted to ask. Oh, so many questions I want to ask. I think about them, then when I sit in here, my mind goes completely blank. Well, do you have any messages for us tonight? Is there anything that we should be asking that we haven't asked? Something around the corner that we don't see that we ought to see? Because we're both so tired - we've been working so hard all day. Cut us some slack here. Consider it asked. [Long pause.]

**Q:** (L) What happened to P\*\*, by the way? God, she went off the deep end! (A) She did it the second time, right? (L) Yeah.

**A:** Racial obsession!

**Q:** (A) What? What? (L) Racial obsession. (A) What does that mean? (L) Well, she's obsessed with this Nordic business. (A) Oh. (L) You know, she's blonde and blue-eyed and she's special - she's chosen! (A) Oh. (L) She's the one! (A) OK. And if she's the one, and if she's not appreciated as the one ... (L) She's going to trash anybody who doesn't appreciate her. Yes, that's pretty much what S\*\* was saying. P\*\* has this mission and she's got to figure out what this mission is, and it's to save our buns, I guess. Are we supposed to build some sort of technological device to take us into 4th density?

**A:** Possibly.

**Q:** Is it going to be the building of them that will do it, or the devices themselves? I have a feeling it's the building and the knowledge that's going to do it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Acquiring the knowledge to be able to do it puts you there. Awareness binds you to the reality. And I was reading this story by Plato about the cave today, and this whole thing is just so amazing. (A) What cave? (L) Plato's Cave, you know. You know, the shadows on the wall and everything. And he really said some interesting things there - a completely analogy of 4th density. All right then ... (A) Well, in fact, when Tony Smith mention Rodin coils - whatever they are - and toroidal structures - they will probaly be important at some point. (L) Yeah ... (L) When, I saw this thing in the mirror, this gadget that shot out this beam or whatever, was that the true image of some kind of a time machine or time-transiting device, or was that something that Vincent was projecting into my mind?

**A:** Good catch.

**Q:** Yeah, when I saw that picture on his webpage, I knew he'd been projecting that. He was sitting there focusing on it so I would see it. I told you, I showed it to you, didn't I? That was what I saw, that twisted up figure 8 thing. [Laughter.] I couldn't figure it out, what in the world it was. Is there an object buried in France I'm supposed to find?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are we going to find it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Can you tell us what year we'll be finding it.

**A:** Two (tape ended and was blank for some time then picked back up with a segment of what sounded like a heartbeat)

**Q:** What is the object?

**A:** Holy grail.

**Q:** What is the holy grail? {Tape noise gets very, very loud here. Planchette was spinning around and drawing figures.}

**Q:** Huh. I don't know if they were drawing something or just playing. Guess they're not going to answer that one. Well, anything you want to ask? (A) Yes. It's pretty fun to be talking, so we're talking ... it's fun.

**Q:** (L) So ... well, do we have any big explosions coming up in Israel? Do we have any volcanoes going off or any earthquakes or anything of real significance going on on the planet here?

**A:** The solar activity is slowing down.

**Q:** So I guess that kind of means no. Are we doing to get hit by a comet or an asteroid? (A) When? (L) When what? When are we going to get hit by a comet or an asteroid? (L to A) They won't tell us that! (A) Why not?

**A:** Soon!

**Q:** Yeah, well soon to you guys could be in the next millennium! {laughter} (A) Soon! (L) Yeah! What exactly do you guys mean by "soon?" (A) Eight days? Six days? They are having problems with time! [Laughter.] (A) We know what to do. We are not sure about putting these things on the web. Probably we can put something. (L) Yeah. Knowledge protects, so we will put the knowledge out there.

**A:** Knowledge does protect.

**Q:** (L) Well, is Vincent doing any of his "workings" to try to harm us? I mean, is he out there with his robes on, and drawing his pentagrams, and chanting, and calling to the Ophanic intelligences to slam lightning and thunder down upon our heads?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Is he getting frustrated that it isn't working?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was he deliberately trying to put the love bite on Terri?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What were his motives?

**A:** Control.

**Q:** All right. So...

**A:** Goodbye.

**Q:** Yes, we're sleepy.

END OF SESSION

