## November 29, 2001
Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello beloved ones.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Mother Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was strange. {Laughter.} (L) My first question is: have we been dealing with the Vincent Bridges situation optimally?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What could we add to what we are doing, or stop doing, that would optimize the situation for us?

**A:** He wants your energy for his spells.

**Q:** (L) So, how do we cut off any energy?

**A:** First do not respond to his rants.

**Q:** (A) I have a practical question. You say "do not respond." Should we keep the report pages the way they are, or should we remove them to archives?

**A:** Keep and update as necessary but no response to him or anything he writes in any forum where a personal link can be established.

**Q:** (L) So, only address our responses to the public and never establish the dynamic link by addressing him directly.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What would make it more accurate?

**A:** Personal response forums creates psychic linking.

**Q:** (L) Does he have an attorney as he claims?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, he claims he is planning to sue us. Is he?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is he planning to escalate his attacks?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Would it be better if we just allowed him to escalate with no response at all?

**A:** Mostly. If nothing works publishing comes out.

**Q:** (L) I would just like to know what will be the ultimate outcome of this whole situation because I am just tired of it; I am sick of it; I would just like for this guy to disappear from the face of the earth. I would like to know how to make him go away. Tell me how to make him just shut up and go away. Let him say and do what he wants all his life, but never speak our names again. We just want him to leave us alone. How can we do that?

**A:** He has his free will.

**Q:** (L) Well, I just want to know what is going to be the outcome. (A) Honey, you should not ask that. The outcome will depend on what we will do. It depends on us. (L) Look! {Cat suddenly jumps into the middle of the table, dog begins to bark.} (A) Cassiopaeans! He hears Cassiopaeans! (L) Does kitty want out?

**A:** Food.

**Q:** {Laughter. Stop to feed cat.} (L) My next question is, of course, what is wrong with Vincent? What is driving him?

**A:** He is a robotoid.

**Q:** (L) Who did his programming?

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) Doesn't that contradict him having his free will?

**A:** No. Even robots have minimal consciousness.

**Q:** (L) So, all his whining and all his "poor pitiful me" stuff is just a program?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That explains, I guess, why he doesn't seem to learn from anything. Even a dog would have figured it out by now.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Whine on no matter what! (L) That means that there is no hope of anything stopping his vicious, mindless lies and attacks. He will go on and on like a robot, right to his own destruction? (A) Yes, there is a hope of stopping him. (L) Yeah, when his circuits burn out. (A) No, no, no. You have a robot; it is working; robots work on a current. When it is working, it gets energy. If the program no longer works, the energy is stopped, then he must look for some other energy source. So, if nobody feeds him, sooner or later another program will switch on that says "look for new energy source." But looking for a new energy source implies being hungry for the period until you find another. So, its not so easy to switch that program. (L) Is there any trick to divert the intention of the robot?

**A:** Give it a little time.

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about this association with S\*\* T\*\* which I am not really supportive of. Should we continue giving S\*\** information about Vincent?

**A:** Probably he will help to stop Vincent.

**Q:** (A) Is there any danger in doing that?

**A:** Not as you are doing.

**Q:** (L) Anything else about this situation that we ought to know at the present moment?

**A:** He is loaded so let him sue!

**Q:** (L) Well, he says that he is losing his house...

**A:** Baloney.

**Q:** Well, you know they can't be on the verge of losing their house if they can afford to file more motions. Anything else about the situation?

**A:** Just be patient.

**Q:** As far as I have written it, the first half of Noah is pretty finished. Can you tell me if - as it is written - it presents an accurate set of options or perceptions of the subjects covered.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are there any items I need to add that I haven't included? Any subjects?

**A:** Just finish.

**Q:** Alright already. Are we heading toward a macrocosmic quantum jump, including a collapse of the wave, and the dissolution of matter, even if only temporarily as I have proposed in Noah?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What could get me closer to the exact idea?

**A:** Matter is, in macrocosmic terms, somewhat different than you suppose.

**Q:** What do you mean by that? Matter in terms of stars and solar systems? It is what?

**A:** How about "larger."

**Q:** So, when we think of matter as being atoms and molecules, solar system and cosmic matter is composed of larger units?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What are the smallest of these larger units?

**A:** Living things.

**Q:** (A) Living things extending through densities?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Wait. Are there beings composed of stars like we are composed of atoms?

**A:** In a certain sense, yes.

**Q:** (A) So, larger, we added living things as not just built of matter, but as units of matter.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** In other words, when an event occurs, as in a "measurement," or a "change," in terms of macrocosmic quantum changes, it is like a phase transition of a certain collection of matter units in terms of living beings? Living beings as whole units, can "survive," so to say. I have in mind that it's almost like a decision in your life. When you make a decision, it's like a shift in your consciousness. And when you are looking at a macrocosmic quantum transition, it's almost like a decision, in a sense. And on one side of it, you come to that moment, and you make the decision, and on the other side of that moment - which, in a certain sense, the moment of measurement is immeasurable - and on the other side of it, everything is different. Not only is it so, that on the other side of the measurement is everything different, like with an atom, when an event occurs, something is gained or lost, or has moved its position or momentum or something, some significant difference exists in the state of the atom after this moment of measurement. And this significant difference is what I am trying to get at. (A) Probably what you have in mind is something like "transiting to 4th density, what really happens?" (L) Yeah.

**A:** "Happens" is not quite the proper term, more like "becomes."

**Q:** (A) Becoming is creating something completely new. "Happen" means that things change, move, regroup. But "become" means...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there anything that we are supposed to do regarding this upcoming transition?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Can we know what it is?

**A:** Not yet!

**Q:** Is there anything we ought to be doing to prepare ourselves that we are not doing?

**A:** A little more attention to physical energy levels would be helpful.

**Q:** Which of course, suggests that physical energy is important and will be needed in some way.

**A:** Remember to utilize alfalfa with spirulina.

**Q:** {tape ended, restarted}...B\*\*\* from the egroup wrote about an event where her son was in a near fatal accident and she had some kind of experience where she was interacting with a number of beings who were "clicking" or "cliqueing" or whatever. She wanted to know what this was. It happened just before the accident.

**A:** She was conferencing with alternate selves of herself and others including her son.

**Q:** Was it because of this impending event? Was it discussions and making of decisions?

**A:** Yes, it was a possible check-out point for the son but he decided to add other elements to his karmic shopping list so to speak.

**Q:** Gee. Is Karma like going to the store? "I'll have two lessons of those, and five of that one over there! I need a dozen of these!" What a thought! A "karmic shopping list?" Well, I would ask about the current situation, but then Vincent Bridges will go on another rant....

**A:** He is a robot.

**Q:** So, he says only what he is programmed to say and does only what he is programmed to do?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is the purpose of his program? What is it designed to do?

**A:** Break your will to continue.

**Q:** Was this always his plan, or did something change when he was here in July? Did we select a different universe at that point? Or did he refuse to move out of the one he was in and merge with ours?

**A:** It was always the plan to either coopt you for the use of dark forces, or destroy your work and will.

**Q:** What happened in July? Everything changed then.

**A:** He was exposed by you/us.

**Q:** C\*\* B\*\* has been involved in a similar situation with J\*\* M\*\*. This guy is a psycho on the loose. She would like to know what to do in her particular situation.

**A:** She is exaggerating somewhat. Not a reliable source.

**Q:** So, I should avoid her too. I had that feeling. She's probably as guilty in that interaction as he was. She was as much a player as J\*\* M\*\*. Heck, she was playing with Montaukkees, Swerdlow, and the gang. (A) Well, throughout this Vincent Bridges business, I have been completely concentrated on doing many things that would strengthen our position. Essentially taking care of all the correspondence, and so on. It took a lot of time. The question is: what should I do now?

**A:** Get back on track with UFT.

**Q:** (A) Next year, there are two conferences to which I have been invited. Blanchard is organizing one in Bielefeld, and then there is this conference in Tennessee on Clifford Algebras. Should I be serious about going to these conferences?

**A:** Certainly you should go!

**Q:** If you go to Tennessee, we can all go. We can drive up and take the kids. I think they have mountains and stuff up there. What about Bielefeld? We can manage. {Laura begins to cry and Ark comforts her.} When is it? (A) I didn't even want to look. (L) We would like to have just one piece of good news to cheer us up. All it has been for a long time is work, work, work and being abused and defamed and dealing with horrible people. Work and abuse. I have gotten to the point a number of times where I have thought: "I don't want to do this anymore." Yes, I know that it is designed to do that to me and I fight it. But it would be so nice to disappear back into a normal life and forget about all these people like Bridges and Burns and Williams. The only thing that makes me able to go on is that I do what I do for the people who are asking.

**A:** Help is on the way.

**Q:** Well, if Vincent Bridges was sitting here asking you what you wanted to say to him, what would you say?

**A:** Get a life you robotoid sloozer.

**Q:** What is a "sloozer?"

**A:** Sloozer is a slow loser.

**Q:** Alright. Let's say good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

