## August 20, 2001
Laura, Ark, Terri Burns

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Who are we speaking to?

**A:** Gillror.

**Q:** And where are you transmitting through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have Terri with us tonight.

**A:** Hi to Terri.

**Q:** (T) Hi.

**A:** See you have fun!

**Q:** (L) All right, we have some questions tonight. We actually have questions instead of diddling around. Can we ask our questions or should we warm up?

**A:** Good job.

**Q:** All right, first question is, what is the origin of the Levites?

**A:** Hittites Moon Worshippers.

**Q:** Well, before the Hittites became Hittites, what were they?

**A:** Indo-europeans.

**Q:** What was the source of the Indo-europeans?

**A:** Aryan sub-race.

**Q:** Is there any other group the Aryans mixed with to produce the Indo-Europeans?

**A:** Fourth Density genetic tweak.

**Q:** Was Abraham a Levite?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was Sarah Nefertiti?

**A:** Yes.

Q What was the reason for the strange skull shape of Nefertiti and her family?

**A:** Genetic tweak.

**Q:** Was this 4th density genetic tweak done by STS or STO?

**A:** STS

**Q:** If the Levites were the Hittite Moon worshipers, how come Akhenaten, who hung out with Nefertiti, instituted Sun worship? That doesn't make sense.

**A:** Future Ho into.

**Q:** Future what into?

**A:** Ho.

**Q:** HO must stand for something. I don't understand. Was Nefertiti responsible for Akhenaten's Sun worship?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** Well why did it turn into Sun worship instead of Moon worship?

**A:** Future honor of Ra. Go 353535. Deity.

**Q:** So in other words they were laying a foundation for future layering of other concepts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was the Temple on Crete at Knossos, was it really a necropolis as Wunderlich suggests?

**A:** 5th density waiting room.

**Q:** Did they sacrifice humans there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did they sacrifice animals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What animals were they sacrificing, and to whom?

**A:** Apis Bull in part.

**Q:** What was the other part?

**A:** Haho 353535

**Q:** "Ho" must be a name. Is Ho a name of a god?

**A:** HOH 353535

**Q:** (T) Is it water? (L) Is it like Hawah? (A) HOH water?

**A:** Remember Irish pig.

**Q:** Was this temple the source of the legends of the Temple of Solomon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was Solomon also King Menes of Minos of Crete?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was Solomon a king of Egypt?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Which king of Egypt was the equivalent of Solomon?

**A:** Narmer.

**Q:** Was Daedalus the "architect" who became known as Hiram Abif?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Was the explosion of Thera the cataclysmic story later added to the Exodus?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did the Mediterranean Sea part?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Did this happen at the same time as when Abraham was fleeing from Akhenaten, hauling off his wife Nefertiti/Sarah?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What happened to Akhenaten?

**A:** Drowned in the Nile.

**Q:** Is the story of David a gloss of the Perseus legend?

**A:** Yes. More than that though.

**Q:** Okay, can you tell me what it is more than that?

**A:** A Tale of 4th Density.

**Q:** So it's interactive in the sense of groups, not individuals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Where is the Ethiopia of the Cassiopeia story? Where it is today?

**A:** 4th Density.

**Q:** Okay, what people did it refer to, in a larger group sense, if it was an archetypal expression?

**A:** Gaul.

**Q:** Well, that's bizarre. Was King Scorpion of Egypt the "Joseph" of the Bible?

**A:** Mainly.

**Q:** Does that mean that Joseph was a composite story?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was King Scorpion a son of Sargon the Great?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Was he, as the Joseph story tells, kidnapped and sold into Egypt?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was he sent to Egypt to have a hand in the unification of Egypt and the control system there?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Were the Midianites and the Ishmaelies the same?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** Were they the Danaans?

**A:** No.

**Q:** If Akhenaten pursued Abraham and Sarah at the time of the eruption of Thera, did it happen that the waters of the Nile withdrew and then slammed back and hit him?

**A:** In part.

**Q:** So the disruption upset the Nile. It made it turbulent, or overflow, or dangerous in some sense?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** We read that some Mason traveled to Ethiopia looking for something?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Did they obtain the Book of Enoch from Ethiopia?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Well, if it was close, what will get us closer?

**A:** Egypt.

**Q:** Did they make it up that they got it from Ethiopia? To throw people off?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** How did they know to look there?

**A:** Given the sign by Howah.

**Q:** (T) Should we ask who Howah is? (L) They already told us. This "Irish Pig" god. The Moroccans say the name "Casablanca" comes from one white building where Portuguese sailors would meet people. Is this true?

**A:** Partly

**Q:** Is it important?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What is important about "White House?"

**A:** Future Hit 4th density.

**Q:** Future what 4th density?

**A:** Hit.

**Q:** (A) What was the question? (L) What is important about white house.

**A:** Go to 4th density through there.

**Q:** What does white house actually mean? Is it a building, or does it have an esoteric meaning?

**A:** Genetic structure.

**Q:** So it's a "house" more in the sense of the Green Language in the Babel book?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was Rock Lake also a necropolis?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Where did the people come from who built the structures in Rock Lake?

**A:** Have come from many places.

**Q:** (T) Is the "M" mound a natural formation?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Who made it?

**A:** F 353535

**Q:** Is it worthwhile to keep studying these clues?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What group mined the copper in northern Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Michigan, like in Isle Royale?

**A:** Aryans.

**Q:** What did they want the copper for?

**A:** Weapons.

**Q:** Wouldn't iron make better weapons?

**A:** Not in 4th density.

**Q:** I'm getting the feeling that there have been bleed-in, bleed-out situations with 4th density on this planet a lot more often than we suspect.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are these situations sometimes manufactured by those who know how?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Do they just happen to know where those window points are?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it significant that Rock Lake is on the same longitude line as Tikal?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Does it have to do with the windows we just talked about?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What is the significance of the red patchy birthmark on all of our skulls?

**A:** 4th density connection point.

**Q:** Was Akhenaten the real son of Amenhotep III?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Terri wants to know if she's had some sort of programming other than socio-cultural programming?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was she subjected to any sort of ritual Satanic abuse?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Was the programming done by 3rd density beings or 4th density beings?

**A:** 4th.

**Q:** What was the purpose of the programming?

**A:** To defuse, confuse, misuse energy.

**Q:** Was she abducted as a child?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How many times has she been abducted in her life?

**A:** 13. Given implants at age 5.

**Q:** (T) Where was I given them?

**A:** Nasal passage.

**Q:** Were these physical abductions or soul extraction replication abductions?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** How many actual physical abductions?

**A:** 3.

**Q:** By whom was she abducted?

**A:** Grays and Lizards.

**Q:** Have any of her children been abducted?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Were these physical or soul extraction duplications?

**A:** Mostly latter.

**Q:** (T) Can I ask if there is something I can do to prevent that? (L) We all wish. Let me ask, has it happened since Terri has begun waking up to it as a possibility?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is awareness the chief protection?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is the best way to remove or undo programming?

**A:** Awareness and resistance.

**Q:** How many times has Vincent been abducted? [Laughter.]

**A:** 136.

**Q:** (T) Oh my god! (L) I just had to ask that. (A) Every 3rd day. {Laughter.} (L) Every time he calls on the Ophanic Intelligences. Did we successfully get Terri's attachment shipped off down the road?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Does she have any more at this time?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Okay, was the attachment that gave its name as "Tree of Life" was that deliberately put in by Vincent?

**A:** No.

**Q:** In other words, Vincent doesn't know what he's doing well enough to do that, but it happens just by hanging out with him? {Laughter.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) How recently has he been abducted? Yesterday? Last week?

**A:** Hot popper.

**Q:** (L) What is a "hot popper?"

**A:** Recently.

**Q:** In other words, he's still hot. He's been there so recently he's still popping. {Laughter.} All right. (T) Should we ask if D\*\* is an agent? (L) Is D\*\** O\*\*\* our group agent {as Vincent claims.}

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** Meaning he's an agent who doesn't know he is?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was the Yellow Emperor of China... he had some talking, walking tripods. Were these things similar to the Ark of the Covenant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What were his tripods?

**A:** Ground communicators.

**Q:** What did they communicate with? Each other, or something in the sky?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** What was in the sky that they communicated with?

**A:** Mothership.

**Q:** What was on the Mothership?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** Charming. (T) You said that many groups built Rock Lake. Who were some of the many groups?

**A:** Aryans.

**Q:** In conjunction with who?

**A:** Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Is that why the Indians have these glyphs about snakes and serpents and stuff?

**A:** Yes.

Q; Very interesting. (T) When David was contacting, he thought, extraterrestrials, who was he contacting?

**A:** STS HQ.

**Q:** (T) Great. Was David a "Star Kid?"

**A:** What is that?

**Q:** (T) Part of some elite group of brilliant kids that the US Government took for special training or programming.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (T) Well, that was Vincent's line. (L) Was there a special group of brilliant kids that the US government put through special training?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are there a few odd ones they took?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who was talking to Jack Sarfatti on the telephone in the metallic voice?

**A:** 4th STS.

**Q:** (T) Did David ever experience time travel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) So when I last met him, was he really younger?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Doesn't mean it's a good thing. (T) No, I don't think it was a good thing. Was David at the University of Florida particularly to find me and keep me from doing what I would otherwise have done?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) What is David doing now?

**A:** Deteriorating.

**Q:** (L) Is that the general fate of the tools of STS?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) When I was pregnant and lost the baby, was that part of some abduction experience? {Long pause.} (L) They don't want to answer that. That's a touchy subject for them. Did she have a baby that was taken by the STS aliens?

**A:** Very likely.

**Q:** (T) Did you ever ask that about the baby you wrote about losing? (L) Nodding. They said I don't want to know. (T) Can I ask what the yellow fluid was that was surrounding my mother when she was born, that was so weird?

**A:** Normal fluids for late delivery, has to do with activation of liver.

Q (T) Does or did my brother have a twin?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why was Vincent convinced that he and I were some kind of astral twins?

**A:** Con job. {Laughter.}

**Q:** Well, I didn't buy it. So there. (A) That was kind of sweet. (T) Remember what we were going to ask? The bit about him bringing fame? (L) Oh, the host show. (T) No, the... (L) Oh yeah, okay. Previously you said that Vincent's and Jay's attacks would bring us fame... (T) {reading} "They will open the door to fame." (L) I would like to know if there's anything more specific about that that you can tell us.

**A:** Help by trying to harm.

**Q:** (L) What is the general approach that all of us should take to Vincent? Should we try to explain anything to him?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Will he ever get it?

**A:** Most likely not.

**Q:** That's a shame. (A) We don't know. It's "most likely not." (L) Well, I know, but "most likely not" it would really, really take a big event in his life to... does he WANT to get it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well. (A) It's not the right question because it assumes there is a "he" and there are 20 of "he's." He's not an "I." He's a typical example of what Gurdjieff said, there is no Master, there are several of them, and they want to serve different gods. We ask "he," but there is not even a major "he." There is "he" on Thursday and "he" on Wednesday. There is "he" in the night and "he" in the day. That's it.

**A:** True.

**Q:** (T) That's because he's a "hot popper!" (L) Oh, we have a new asteroid, PM-9. Is PM-9 going to hist us on May 10, 2003? (A) Maybe.

**A:** Very possible.

**Q:** Is that our "Kaboom, splat?"

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** If it hits in the Pacific, Rainier will be a caldera, tsunamis would roll into Puget Sound, and goodbye to Hawaii!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) If it will hit, we will have nuclear radiation.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Before, they gave probabilities, like 1 in how many. (L) What is the probability?

**A:** High.

**Q:** Will we move to France before then?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (T) Will I move out of Wisconsin?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, good night unless there is something else you want to say?

**A:** Progress is being made at all levels, so carry on! Good Night.

END OF SESSION

