## October 9, 2001
Ark and Laura

This sound on this tape is extremely distorted.

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Leijooa

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Kobejapan.

**A:** Earth quake

**Q:** Is this coming?

**A:** Soon

**Q:** Gonna be a big one?

**A:** {Indecipherable from the tape. Sounded like:} Tonechance

**Q:** Did you bring it up for any reason?

**A:** No

**Q:** Hmmm.

**A:** {Indecipherable. Sounds like:}Keep khueroupsoobrooceking ohapisuissicelt.

**Q:** {Totally indecipherable segment. Question lost}

**A:** Listen to Ark.

**Q:** (A) Well, you see, I had an idea. What I wanted to say, I wanted to have a confirmation that my idea that it is absolutely necessary to do something to get out of the loop, to see from outside, to change the way, to do something active... (L) I've got to finish the book.... (A) You are not finishing the book because you are so involved in things. (L) I'm finishing the book, it's getting very close. (A) Very good, what did we do today? (L) Well, today I didn't work on it... (A) Aaaah! Because going outside once in awhile - once maybe in a week - doing something out of the box - it will help. (L) Okay.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I want to know what was the source of this awful feeling I had for two nights. I felt so awful I could hardly stand it. I laid awake last night until four o'clock and I could hardly bear it.

**A:** Health is harmed by stasis.

**Q:** (L) You're not answering my question. (A) {Laughs.} (L) So what is going to be the result of this bombing of Afghanistan?

**A:** Hosed lies.

**Q:** (L) My brother used to use that word about hard drives. I'm not sure what it meant. I guess it means stripped of something. Stripped lies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are we going to have anymore terrorist attacks in the US?

**A:** More are likely now in Florida.

**Q:** Should we sell our house and move?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** You said that we were going to move to France in 2003. Is that going to be in the early months of 2003?

**A:** Soon the way gets clear.

**Q:** Is there something out there working behind the scenes on our behalf?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** Should I take Grace off the site? It's very personal. But there are so many people who are so glad that we are so accessible. (A) Should I pay attention and possibly edit these pages?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Kris edited a lot. (A) But she is looking for one thing, and I am looking for another. What else is on your mind that will not let you sleep. Ask. (L) What was making me upset that I was unable to sleep? Was I being psychically attacked by these crazy people?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** If the group acts against these crazy people, will it erect a shield?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** They like pushing me right to the edge. (A) In a sense, you see, I know what we need to do. We need to keep focused and show the world that is observing us that we are able to reach the goal. The help only comes to those that show a guarantee to succeed. Help is not going to those who give no such guarantee. The help is looking for those who give this guarantee. Only if we are absolutely determined to reach the goal, the help will come. We will make it come with determination. (L) Are there any clues we ought to look for when we encounter other people that we don't know about that would help us to avoid getting involved with people like Vincent? Aside from the obvious: check people out, which I should have done.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) This quantum fractals idea I had. I had this idea and it distracts me a little bit, that I should spend a few days creating a web page and doing the calculations with quantum fractals. It distracts me. And I like it. Can you help me? Is it the right thing to do, or should I reject it?

**A:** Good idea to do what excites you.

**Q:** (A) It also excites me to look for other ideas that would excite me. So one thing is that it excites me, but there may be other ideas that excite me, and if I am doing this, these other ideas get out of my focus. So, taking into account the fact that we want to make a major breakthrough, what is the way?

**A:** Riemann and Pauli.

**Q:** (L) What?! What's Pauli got to do with it? (A) Well, what Pauli has to do with it is due to two reasons: today I was thinking about Pauli because somebody on the physics research group was talking about Dirac operator on a Riemannian manifold and I was thinking: oh! Pauli wrote a paper on this, so I even looked into the book by Pauli...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, if nothing else, it's telepathic! {Laughter.} (A) My god! Well, okay, so you said Riemann and Pauli, or I said Riemann and Pauli...

**A:** Drop off signs lost in space.

**Q:** That's bizarre. "Lost in Space" used to be a TV show.

**A:** Operators link Riemann to Pauli.

**Q:** (L) What's an operator? (A) Dirac operators. Dropping off signs does it mean going to metric which are degenerates?

**A:** Generates means local operators not heading in the right direction.

**Q:** (A) Well, we have a funny feature here because of this communication, because what I meant was a technical term "metric degenerate" not generate, and the piece here starts with "generates," which possibly has a meaning but is not answering my question. It relates partly to a certain part of the word which I was using with a different meaning. So, I would still like to know about my question about metric which are degnerate, is this equivalent to jumping signs?

**A:** From signs you get Riemann.

**Q:** (L) Huh? (A) Yes, when there are signs, you see, plus or minus, we get Riemann. If there are only plusses or only minuses, or we call it pseudo-Riemann if there are several plusses and several minuses. And where there are some zeroes which are neither plusses nor minuses, then we call it degenerate. So, it's true that from signs we get Riemann, but the question is: is dropping signs the same as replacing them with zeroes, or is there a difference? Is it the same?

**A:** Hearing a symphony is not the same as a radio.

**Q:** (A) Okay. This concept is new to me. Can you help me about this dropping of signs.

**A:** Riemann radio.

**Q:** (L) The other option must be the symphony. Dropping the signs?

**A:** 6 Signs.

**Q:** (A) Well, long ago we were talking about signs, and we came to the conclusion that in this hexagon there should be four plusses and two minuses. That's what comes to my mind when we think about six signs. But what does it have to do with dropping of signs? I will have to think about this Riemann and Pauli.

**A:** Route will be made clear.

**Q:** (A) Alright. (L) Is there a real mind program like MKULTRA or Puharich or whatever?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is Terri Burns mind programmed?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** Is there anything else we should know or do or ask that we haven't thought of?

**A:** Not now. Sweet dreams!

END OF SESSION

