## July 28, 2001
Ark, Laura

This was our first sitting with just the two of us. We sat for a minute or two. The planchette began to circle slowly, and then spelled out:

Pulsation Pattern Pygmies.

This reminded Ark of a dream he had had a couple of nights previously.

**Q:** Okay, now when you refer to these pulsation pattern pygmies, are you referring to the dwarf clowns in Ark's dream the other night?

**A:** No u trot I ile orts.

**Q:** That's not making a whole lot of sense. Who are we talking to? Do you have a name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is your name?

**A:** Xyenri

**Q:** Did you ever have a body of your own?

**A:** No. Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Are you having difficulty connecting?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How long will it be before we have a re-grooved connection?

**A:** Soon.

**Q:** {Dog begins barking in the background.} Why is the dog barking?

**A:** Alley activity.

**Q:** What should we do about Vincent?

**A:** Til money comes, no deal.

**Q:** Well, the trouble is, we need money right now. We need to know what to do. I mean, we are going daily into debt thanks to his advice. Can you give us any pointers in the proper direction?

**A:** Hosting.

**Q:** Hosting?! Hosting what?

**A:** Soon will come an offer.

**Q:** What kind of an offer will it be?

**A:** To host.

**Q:** To host what?

**A:** TV show.

**Q:** That's the craziest thing I ever heard in my life! (laughter) To host a TV show? That's the craziest damned thing I ever heard. {Laughter} Well let me ask you this: Am I right to be so upset with Vincent and his damned ritual magic stuff?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Am I right in my thinking that even if he is not conscious of it, he was sent as an agent to extract information from me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are the Cassiopaeans the ones that got in contact with him in his childhood and then when he was older {as he claims}?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is he consciously working as an agent?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what can we think of to ask, just to warm up [the connection]? (A) What about this TV show? I mean, should we do something? (L) I don't think I'd get excited about it.

**A:** Look smart. Ugly doesn't get it. [Laughter. Dog still barking.]

**Q:** Well, that doesn't make sense. Nice to know you have a sense of humor at our expense.

**A:** Right on!

**Q:** Are you sure you're not just an old hippie?

**A:** No.

**Q:** I know, you're just trying to warm up, to get the connection going. Now, let's go back to your "pulsation pattern pygmies." What are they?

**A:** STOing will point the way.

**Q:** Ummm... is Grace going the way it ought to [in order to be helpful to others]?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Should we publish our books ourselves?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** Are we going to have future dealings with Vincent?

**A:** Looks bad.

**Q:** Well, that's what I expected. Did the {hypnosis} work that Vincent did with me - was that beneficial?

**A:** OK

**Q:** Do I still need more work done?

**A:** Yes, 5 turns.

**Q:** (A) By who?

**A:** Ark.

**Q:** (A) Are they joking? (L) No. Only you know me well enough to do it. You're the only one who could. That's my thought.

**A:** Good.

**Q:** Where did that stuff about the "Percival 3" come from when Vincent was here?

**A:** Vincent.

**Q:** Is there really something hidden in the "Lair of Titus?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is there really going to be a 2010 Space war?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are we really supposed to build some kind of thing to shield the earth in 2010?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are we supposed to build some kind of technology for SOME reason?

**A:** Yes. Later.

**Q:** Can you tell us what our mission is?

**A:** Keep learning.

**Q:** It must be the C's! Only they would say that! We can't know anymore than that?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What?

**A:** Hoot holler!

Q "Hoot and holler?" Like "ride 'em cowboy?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** {J\*\* comes in} (J) What do you think is so funny? (L) It's got to be the C's talking because they won't give me the answers I want to hear! Well, what else can I ask to get a non-answer?

**A:** Yes. 5 million.

**Q:** 5 million questions I can ask to get a non-answer. I see.

**A:** Voila! Joy! Now Learn!

**Q:** (A) Was that a joke? (L) In other words, learning is fun?

**A:** FUN!

**Q:** It might be furn for you guys; however, there's certain things about this 3 D environment, like when you kick rocks, it hurts; and when you spend more money than you have, you go into debt.

**A:** Bet it is more fun that way.

**Q:** Are we supposed to move to France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are you sure?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** When will we move to France?

**A:** 2003.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) There's a method to my madness! Are we supposed to DO something in France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What?

**A:** More work.

**Q:** Well, SWELL! Should we finish working on this house before we move?

**A:** Can.

**Q:** Should we sell our house before we move to France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So we'll never come back, after we move to France?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) This is very nice! (L) Will I have to learn to speak French?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Oui. Je t'aime. (L) Je ne parle. Okay. So we're going to move to France and do more work?

**A:** U 5.

**Q:** "U 5?!" Us and the three kids?

**A:** 8835 million.

**Q:** (A) What does that mean? (L) Hmm. Do you have any particular messages tonight? To warm up our connection?

**A:** Hope and glory is coming close!

**Q:** Anything else?

**A:** Point the way to love in realms of light. Trust on it.

**Q:** (L to A) Well, is there anything you want to ask?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L laughs) (A) What's so funny? (L) You're so shy about asking questions. This is how we warm up. Just play. Let's see... can I ask some kind of really nosey questions...

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** Well, I'm just trying to groove the channel here; I'm not trying to get too heavy duty.

**A:** Listen now to Sir Ark.

**Q:** Do we really have horizontal hearts like the doctor said?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Love is more locked in this way.

**Q:** (A) It's true.

**A:** Take a break now.

**Q:** I want to know why so many things were told to us in code when Frank was present?

**A:** Frank is a Mole.

**Q:** (A) If Frank was a mole, why did he leave?

**A:** STS looks at his own time to hook onto zone of sail soon.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that STS... I don't know how to put it. Why did he leave? Was he trying to get information and he couldn't get it, and then they decided to pull him out, so that if he couldn't get it, I couldn't get it either?

**A:** Soon to answer itself.

**Q:** Are we going to get any more hassle from this M\*\* person?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** What was it that we know that Frank couldn't know?

**A:** How to build a prototype.

**Q:** Prototype of what?

**A:** Demolecularizer.

**Q:** Demolecularizer? Cool! How long will it be before we have a really good connection. I mean, it's tolerable now, but it's got to get better.

**A:** Soon. 45 minutes.

**Q:** Does that mean we should do this for 45 minutes each time? Once a week?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** I think we've done it 45 minutes. Is it time to say good night?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Good night.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

