## March 19, 2001
[Mirror, mirror, on the wall...](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/mirror.htm)

Ark, Laura, Vincent Bridges

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** Is someone with us?

**A:** Air. Cassiopaea.

**Q:** Do we have the Cassiopaeans with us?

**A:** To U.

**Q:** Do you have a name?

**A:** Faitij. [Curious name; almost an Arabic flavor.]

**Q:** (L) Okay, we had a hypnosis session today. Did we do all that was necessary to blow off the locks?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (VB) Did we do what was necessary for now?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) What percentage of what was necessary to do did we accomplish?

**A:** 49 percent.

**Q:** (VB) Was 49 the right number?

**A:** Yes. Laura has open window in more keys. ["keys" as in sound?]

**Q:** (L) Did we utilize the clues from last night properly?

**A:** Yes. Now must look us up to talk to us.

**Q:** (L) Look us up as in the phone book? (VB) Look them up in the mirror. (L) Is there...

**A:** Key FI 3 ["phi" 3?]

**Q:** (VB) Key "phi 3?" You jokers! (L) What is phi 3? (VB) Phi to the 3rd power? (L) A phi circle with 3 turns?

**A:** Route.

**Q:** (VB) Is this phi 3 a path or something?

**A:** Open your.

**Q:** (VB) Open "your" phi 3? (A) Now route is French for road, and "F" could be for France; and "I-3" could be a number of a road in France.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Are you pointing us to somewhere in France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Is it a place that either Ark or I have been to?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (VB) Is it a place we should go to?

**A:** Yes. O T

**Q:** (VB) Operating Thetan? I can't make any sense out of this because I am trying so hard to stay out of it. (A) We know the route number. O T must be the initials of something. It might even be in the little book you just bought. (VB) Are we correct in our suppositions so far?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Tell us more about O T.

**A:** O T.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was real clear! [We get book and look at it.] Does O T mean Operating Thetan?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Let's go back.... You say "route." (VB) Is it a place in France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it the name of a place?

**A:** No. Laura can see.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to do more hypnosis to enhance the seeing process?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to do it as soon as possible, like right away?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) Is there a couple word clue... [Begins to sweep the alphabet as though gathering energy.]

**A:** Key is not number mix F,

**Q:** (VB) What?!

**A:** Yes. Five 3

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that it may not be a number mixed with a letter, but that the key is Five 3 O T.

**A:** Yes. Not key F I 3. Route I 3.

**Q:** (L) Not "phi," but a route with an F somehow. This is not making a whole lot of sense here. I realize you are trying to tell us something, but you are going to have to come at it another way because we just aren't getting it this way. (VB) Are we understanding what we think we are getting?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Can you be more clear because we aren't understanding something here?

**A:** Titus lair.

**Q:** (VB) Titus was an emperor, but that's all I remember off the top of my head. [We stop and look Titus up in a book and discover that he was the one who sacked Jerusalem and was commemorated on the "Arch of Titus." It was then suggested that the temple treasure was taken to Rome, and stolen from Rome by the Visigoths.] (L) Okay, are we onto something with this Titus and the Temple treasure? Is O T the Old Temple?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Does this have to do with Perseus' purpose?

**A:** Just told you. Place Laura must go to slow F I 3.

**Q:** (L) To "slow F I 3?" What is F I 3 that it must be slowed?

**A:** Sneak attack.

**Q:** (L) So, this is some kind of code for the route of entry of a "sneak attack?" (A) And we must go there to slow this attack? (VB) Can you tell us more about this attack?

**A:** STS 4 D.

**Q:** (VB) And what are the STS 4 D things attacking?

**A:** Earth.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying that there is a doorway there that they can come through, or do through, or plan to come through, or through which they can send energy, or something along this line?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) There is something buried there that we must find to use to slow this attack?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) If we find it, that will slow the attack?

**A:** Not just slow. Jump up the protection required in order to survive slam by meteors in 2010 space war.

**Q:** (L) Well, I want to know... why do I have to be there? (VB) Do all three of us in this room have to be there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Why?

**A:** Must create conduit.

**Q:** (L) So, we are back to the seven people that must assemble?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Doesn't have to be seven. (VB) But it has to be the three of us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Can we bring others with us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Just checking. (L) I'm not leaving my kids! (VB) Bring the whole family?

**A:** It is humanity's hope for survival what lures you to the quest here Perceval 3.

**Q:** (L) Well, we have one slight little factor that we are going to have to deal with, and that is the money factor. Obviously, we are going to have to have a lot of money to carry out this mission. I mean, do we need to just pack up, sell the house, and move?

**A:** To save the world you will vote for knowledge protection rite, Laura; instincts not knowledge abandonment. Move when time is right.

**Q:** (VB) That strikes me as a really odd note, for some reason. (L) Well, that's their whole thing. Knowledge protection "rite" is "awareness." Do you mean some kind of actual ritual?

**A:** Be prepared.

**Q:** (L) Yes. How does knowledge protect? By awareness and being prepared. Being prepared is the "rite" of "knowledge protects." (VB) Is there something we need to do or know to be prepared?

**A:** Yes. Sell books.

**Q:** (VB) So, what you guys are saying is that it is not exactly a ritual, but being prepared is having all the books out.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Do we have to have all the books out?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) So, that means it is not on the slate for this May. Are we all supposed to be there this May?

**A:** No. Just knowledge is must. [Tape ends; pause while new one inserted.] Quest.

**Q:** (L) So, knowledge is a must, and for this we must continue to quest. (A) To sell books, one must write books. Writing books is an opportunity to get knowledge and spread knowledge, and that is the most essential thing here. (L) Do we need to do another hypnosis session before Maynerd leaves tomorrow. Would it be advantageous?

**A:** Okay, yes. Not urgent now.

**Q:** (VB) Yes, it would be advantageous. Is that what you are saying, that we've done as much as we can?

**A:** Not.

**Q:** (A) It wouldn't harm, is that what you are saying?

**A:** Spade up the sleeve.

**Q:** (VB) Ace in the hole. (L) Spade. Can also be a shovel. A double meaning. An ace in the hole; turn something up; dig. They could have just as easily said "ace." If we were to do another session, what would be the key words to guide the focus?

**A:** Safety gate.

**Q:** (A) Define "safety gate?" (VB) A back door they can access you? A secure entrance? What?

**A:** Post-hypnotic gate pre-text.

**Q:** (L) Maybe they are saying that we need to install a post hypnotic gate pre-text? Is Maynerd supposed to install a post-hypnotic suggestion series of words that I or Ark can use to open or close a gate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) What kind of gate? (L) One that can be opened or closed. (VB) Somehow connected to the knowledge protection rite. What is a pre-text? A pretext? (L) Should we put in a suggestion for viewing the mirror, a series of words, to open the gate for viewing, and then a series of words for closing the gate?

**A:** Yes. Precisely. Just a few words.

**Q:** (L) In Polish?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A) What is this "spade up the sleeve?" (L) Well, applying it here would mean to have it open and close at will. (VB) Does "spade up the sleeve" mean our "secret weapon?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Do we have to develop this secret weapon?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Is that what we are supposed to do with the hypnotic safety gate?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Is there any more information you can give us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) Can you give it now?

**A:** Puns or slogans.

**Q:** (VB) The Green Language?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we are supposed to come up with some puns or slogans to install as triggers of our own...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) And that will facilitate Laura's ability to open the mirror seeing at will?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) But this is not urgent, it just must be done before we take off on the quest?

**A:** Yes. Must follow lots of paths.

**Q:** (L) So, we still have a lot to learn coming up before us here. [And only now are we beginning to move into the stage where we can literally get to the bottom of the matter, I think.] (L) So, we cannot just rely on the mirror. That's an ace up the sleeve. We have a lot of work to do. (VB) We are talking about a situation in which Laura is going to need...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (VB) ...a system in which Laura can "turn on" unknown to anyone else, that we can use in public without anyone else knowing...

**A:** Yes. Use to home in on right level of log u to snse [sense] fight...

End of Session. The energy fell off. Whether this was a remark that reflected a sensing of a "fight" that was present at this point, blocking the transmission, or was an instruction that we were to be able to learn to sense "fighting," we don't know.

