## September 14, 2001
Ark and Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Vupoori

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** We have a series of questions about this recent event. Was the attack on the World Trade Center undertaken by Moslem Terrorists?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Who was behind this attack?

**A:** Israel.

**Q:** Is it going to become known that it was Israel? Will they be exposed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is this the event that is going to lead to the destruction of Israel?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is the god worshipped in Judaism, Yahwah, really Howah, the Pig God?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Are there going to be further terrorist attacks in the US next week as others have been predicting?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Are there going to be further terrorist attacks of this kind at any time in the near future in the U.S.?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is this the beginning of WW III?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is the US. Going to bomb Afghanistan?

**A:** Possible in future.

**Q:** Well, you say there aren't going to be any further attacks; can we believe you?

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (A) You say that Israel will be exposed; in what time perspective?

**A:** Month {before first hints emerge.}

**Q:** Expose Israel? How?

**A:** Yes, open. Perhaps sooner.

**Q:** (A) What mistake did they make?

**A:** Infiltrated.

**Q:** (A) They seem to be so smart with their god behind them, and they did such a big thing, only to make a mistake. (L) I guess we can only wait to see how it turns out. It's a spooky idea. What do countries do when something like that is discovered and they have had a long-term diplomatic relationship? They talk to each other, they pat each other on the back. What do they do? It's like having to get a divorce when everybody thought you had such a happy marriage. And when it's like this? It's like having to get a divorce after discovering that your partner has murdered your children and buried them in the back yard. (A) Yeah, but it's not so clear, because when you say "Israel," it's not one thing. There are different parties, different factions, they are fighting. We don't know.

**A:** Gore is pushing buttons on Capitol Hill.

**Q:** What does Gore have to do with anything? He lost the election. Well... (A) He had this Lieberman as his running mate. He was in bed with Jews. What kind of buttons? Huh. (L) Is he pushing buttons to expose?

**A:** To suppress.

**Q:** Well, that's the damnedest thing I ever heard. Did the U.S. Government shoot down the fourth plane as some people are suggesting?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did the United States know about this attack at any time in advance of it? Did any of our people in any position to do anything, know?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Were they blindsided?

**A:** No. But not expecting.

**Q:** (A) So, they knew it was going to happen, but they didn't know when and what exactly? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is it truly a "failure of intelligence?"

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, the infiltrator must have learned something, but wasn't in on the whole thing?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (A) What is the most probable scenario. There were infiltrators, they had some knowledge, and they communicated this knowledge to some part of Intelligence, but this part of Intelligence did not press to communicate it to the higher parties?

**A:** Yes. And it was not known plan.

**Q:** So the infiltrator did not know the specific plan. So, they overstepped. Hubris. (A) Which part of Israel government was behind it? (L) Probably some deep level orthodox bunch like Kochav.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) But they killed a lot of Jews. (L) They don't care. Jews killed a lot of Jews in WW II. Hubris.

**A:** Greed.

**Q:** (L) Are they going to be able to recover anything from my hard drive?

**A:** No.

**Q:** What happened to my hard drive?

**A:** 4th Density STS.

**Q:** They're really after that Noah book, aren't they?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, I'm saying stuff in there that's needed to be said for a long time. Are we going to survive until we get it printed?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** How are we going to survive?

**A:** It will become evident.

**Q:** I hope it becomes evident soon because we are getting to the end of the reserve period.

**A:** Yes. Money will come soon.

**Q:** Okay, what is causing this prolonged rainstorm. Besides the fact that it is a tropical system, it sure is sitting on top of us for a long time.

**A:** 4th density battle.

**Q:** (A) Is there anything that we should take precaution about that is not on our mind like the one that killed our hard drive?

**A:** Failsafe awareness.

**Q:** Why are my ankles swelling so much?

**A:** Sitting.

**Q:** (A) Fourteen hours a day, non-stop, both of us. (L) I guess if we took one hour a day to do exercise... Anything else that we need to be aware of... (A) On our website, we have entered a kind of political stream which attracts attention. Going into this is natural and automatic. But there may be other not-so-natural things that may not come to our minds. Anything additional we need to cover?

**A:** You will become famous.

**Q:** (L) Well, I am assuming that I ought NOT to put on the website that Israel is behind this attack, is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Was this guy writing these posts on the newsgroups the same as Sollog, the so-called prophet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is he involved with the Israelis?

**A:** No.

**Q:** How did he know about this event?

**A:** Fourth Density STS contact.

**Q:** Is this another instance of when they can be stunningly accurate when they choose?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, this guy was not an insider in the plot?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Well, I find that hard to believe.

**A:** Patience.

**Q:** Was he being set up to look accurate so people would buy into his rant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, Sollog did predict that this would happen in 1997. But then, then, the guy on the newsgroup predicted that something was going to happen in seven days... That was bizarre. He didn't say what, but the message was headed with 9/11. If he had known what was going to happen, I think he would have at least hinted. (A) But that would be too dangerous for him.

**A:** Yes. More like a miss.

**Q:** How did they get those guys to agree to fly those buildings into those planes and commit suicide?

**A:** Mind control.

**Q:** I guess that's it for tonight.

**A:** Good night.

END OF SESSION

