## March 17, 2001
[Mirror, mirror, on the wall...](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/mirror.htm)

Ark, Laura, Vincent Bridges

Reconstructed from notes.

**Q:** Is anyone there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What is your name?

**A:** Oxajil.

**Q:** Is that your name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Do you transmit via Cassiopaea?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Do you have any messages for us?

**A:** Open other door.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** Look mirror now Laura.

**Q:** Does this mean we should use the mirror for communication?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there anything Vincent can do to help this process?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (V) If it would be my free will to do something along this line, would it help to facilitate communication?

**A:** Work on Laura.

**Q:** (V) That means we should have done the work on Laura before the session, as Ark suggested?

**A:** Listen to Ark.

**Q:** (V) So, we screwed up by not listening to Ark earlier?

**A:** No. Listen to Ark.

**Q:** (V) Something else Ark said today?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Can you give us a keyword for this work on Laura that we need to do?

**A:** Number Five.

**Q:** (V) What does number five have to do with anything?

**A:** Laura. Listen to Ark.

**Q:** (L) Question for A\*\*\*\*\*\*: is Sweetheart alright?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is she in kitty kat heaven?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Has she been reincarnated?

**A:** K. Yes. (Kitten?)

**Q:** (V) Back to the number five clue. How does this relate?

**A:** Open other door.

**Q:** (V) Door as in the mirror?

**A:** Open now.

**Q:** (V) You mean we should try the mirror right now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Is this related to what I was told in 1987?

**A:** Yes. More.

**Q:** Can we have another clue?

**A:** L V...

**Q:** We don't understand.

**A:** Knowledge protects.

**Q:** But what is this L V?

**A:** Process of L V. Source.

**Q:** (V) Does this mean that the process of deprogramming will lead to the source?

**A:** L V I 3 5 Ark.

**Q:** (Confusion expressed about this last "clue.")

**A:** L 5 I 3 for more. Mirror.

**Q:** (V) So we will know more or be able to get more via the mirror?

**A:** Yes. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

