## June 22, 2002
**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello!

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Nomihha.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea. [Making many spiraling moves.] Needs grooving.

**Q:** (A) I guess we ought to have sessions more often.

**A:** Practice makes perfect. [More spiraling movements between each letter.]

**Q:** (L) We have been discussing whether or not we ought to engage in any kind of promotional activity to make people more aware of the material, of the network, of the principles we are putting together as a result of the transcripts as well as research and the activity of the group and its moving through the many areas of research. We are in something of a quandary as to whether or not promotion can be considered an STO activity. (A) There is another problem, in fact. We were hesitating about promoting because we knew that as long as we are working on a small scale, we will not attract attention and attack. As long as we function on a small scale, it can be allowed or accommodated in the Matrix. When we go to a larger scale, the Matrix can bring in new forces because anything on a larger scale can be considered by the Matrix as dangerous. So, enlarging the scale, attracting more interested people, at the same time we should be prepared for more attacks. So that was one of the reasons for our keeping a low profile. (L) Well, let's take it step by step. First of all, can promotion be considered an STO activity? Is it an STO approach to what we are doing or trying to do?

{All of the following answers were delivered very fast and very vigorously.}

**A:** Absolutely. It is giving the lie what is asked for: Truth.

**Q:** So, promotional activity can be considered a service to a larger community. Obviously, promotional activity has to support itself and promotional activity, enlarging the scope of what we are doing, necessitates a much greater commitment of time and energy and skill on not only our part, but the skill, time and effort of other people, which means that it must support that also. Nevertheless, the perception {among New Agers} seems to be that anything that involves promotion or involvement of any kind of monetary exchange is an STS thing. However, is there a way around this can be functional Service to Others?

**A:** It should be noted that the STS system can only be penetrated by becoming "wise as serpents and gentle as doves." There is nothing negative about networking. Details of a network include the necessity for those who are involved to invest "energy" in the exchange. If the individual comes upon the life work of another and expects to benefit and gain by that work, they will naturally wish to have their own position balanced by putting forth a commensurate amount of energy. Otherwise there will be an imbalance of energy. This then leads to an STS pyramid. An example of this principle in reverse is a teacher who demands payment for no real work on their own part.

The fact that both of you have devoted yourselves to this work for not just a short time, but literally your entire lives, and have not asked for the support that this intensive labor earns has, in effect, created an imbalance for those who are benefiting. Many of those who are experiencing blocks in their own lives would find those blockages dissolved by the action of opening the flow of energy in the exchange. In your world, money equals energy!!!

{Exclamations of amazement at the speed and intensity of delivery. (BT) I've got writer's cramp!}

**Q:** (BT) We need to address the concerns about attack. (L) Yes. The question is: if we approach the matter in a more active way - since we don't want to proselytize, we only want to make people aware, they can look, accept, discard, or do whatever they want; I think the awareness factor is what we are targeting; there are six billion people on this planet and most of them are asleep and don't even know it; so awareness of the existence of a different option for viewing reality is the issue - how much will this increase the level of attack?

**A:** Knowledge protects. You have been in "attack school" for a long time, most recently having taken a grad level course. The principles learned thusly will stand you in good stead. From the fire comes light!

**Q:** (A) We were several times told that "help is on the way." What kind of help?

**A:** When you begin to expand the potential network you will rattle a lot of bushes.

**Q:** (L) The thing that concerns me is that I am nervous about such ideas. Generally speaking, such approaches generally lead to an organization which then leads to codification, which then leads to all kinds of problems. You can't keep it personal and simple. Bigger networks, means more people, means more opportunities for twisting and distortion and problem. There is just so much potential for people becoming involved who do not have the same intent we have, who don't have the intent the group has, and just a whole host of things that come to mind here. When you start getting big, you can't give enough attention to everything. For now, we take care of everything ourselves. We protect the group so that they can gather their awareness; they are making extraordinary progress; and how can you do that on a larger scale?

**A:** At some point there will be those among your group who will step forward and accept the mantle of teacher. Your role as teachers of teachers is one that may produce the balancing energy needed for the STO harvest to be plentiful indeed. Perhaps you should relax and not be afraid of the child you have borne taking its first step out in the world. There are many teachers in your group. Each of them will awaken to their mission destiny profile as appropriate.

**Q:** (A) I would like a bit of advice about our upcoming meeting. Should we have a fixed schedule, or try to keep everything spontaneous?

**A:** How about somewhere in between? The main focus should be on networking according to STO principles.

**Q:** (L) We have been talking about promotion in terms of things like tee shirts, coffee mugs, mouse pads, bookmarks, etc - just in terms of promotion, not so much for the purpose of making money {because nobody ever makes money on those things}. There have been a number of reactions to such an idea, including seeing it as a "commercialization." I hadn't thought about it that way so much as I was thinking about just making the word "Cassiopaea" a sort of household term that would make people curious enough to check it out. Then, of course, the law of percentages would suggest that the more people check it out, the more of those people who resonate would be "found," I guess. So, the objective is not to sell the material, but to promote the material {since we continue to give all away for free on the internet}. As the idea developed, the possibility of such sales supporting the material came to the fore and my thought was that if there was something that could be sold to support the material in its Free state, then I'm all for it. What do you have to say about these admittedly tacky ideas about tee shirts, bookmarks, mouse pads, and all of that sort of thing?

**A:** Notice carefully how the STS domination has been created and maintained. It is not done with the objective of promoting knowledge. As you know, it is done with the intent of hiding truth. What is wrong with pointing the door to greater potential knowledge out for those in Darkness? You can shine the light on the door. The choice of opening it and passing within is up to the seeker.

**Q:** (BT) I think that the point is intent. What difference does it make if you use tee shirts, book marks, refrigerator magnets or whatever? Those are all techniques of the reality we live in for drawing the attention of people to whatever product is being offered. The fact is: they work. They familiarize people with words, concepts and phrases. That can certainly be seen as "shining the light on the door."

**Q:** We have recently been working with some material from Boris Mouravieff. We can see many relationships. I would like to ask about some of his political views, his ideas about creating some elite corps to help the world graduate to what he calls the cycle of the Holy Spirit. How accurate are those views of Mouravieff?

**A:** Mouravieff, like many who have protected and passed on the "tradition" are merely carriers and not interpreters of the capacity of a Master. The True Master understands the nature of the "worlds" in terms of real, Hyperdimensional Interpenetration. Thus Mouraveiff and others misunderstand and misinterpret, thinking in 3rd density Hierarchical terms which simply do not apply.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we are going to have to stop because Ark didn't eat anything all day and he is getting a headache.

**A:** He is re-grooving. Pushing past cycle blocks. But best to terminate now. Expect bursting through in awareness soon! Good night.

END OF SESSION

