## September 28, 2002
Ark, Laura, Andromeda, BT

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello!

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ropponiea.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** [Laura asks for door to be opened as she feels great heat.]

**A:** Life is religion.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Life experiences reflect how one interacts with God. Those who are asleep are those of little faith in terms of their interaction with the creation. Some people think that the world exists for them to overcome or ignore or shut out. For those individuals, the worlds will cease. They will become exactly what they give to life. They will become merely a dream in the "past." People who pay strict attention to objective reality right and left, become the reality of the "Future."

**Q:** (L) In this recent incident with Jeanine, I have a few questions. Apparently, she was "hearing" things differently than I was, and I was reading things that she wrote with a certain perspective that does not seem to have accurately represented what she meant. She had said "you don't pay attention to the confusion, you just do what you came here to do." I understood this in a completely different context. From her perspective, "paying no attention to the confusion all around and doing what you came here to do" essentially amounted to discovering the ways and means to "ascend" by overcoming and ignoring and shutting out the world. To me, "pay no attention to the confusion" means to pay close attention to what is going on, but not to be confused by it, to see the reality in the midst of the confusion.

(Andromeda) Any new knowledge a person comes in contact with can cause confusion until you come to terms with the reality of it.

(L) The important thing seems to be to not dwell on the "confusion" aspect, but to concentrate on learning the knowledge that is buried in the confusion. Trying to understand what it is you need to learn. Jeanine's idea was that if it causes confusion, you are supposed to shut it ALL out, pay no attention to any of it, and just concentrate on feeling peaceful. That's the same thing Whitley Strieber was saying: "The only freedom you will have is inside yourself." I guess, because those are the things I have been mulling over, this may be what is the stimulus for the C's opening remarks. Is that in response to the concerns in my mind?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) The other thing I was thinking about is the teaching that you are supposed to withdraw into some kind of monastic life in order to grow spiritually. What I have observed is that the world is exactly what is needed to learn the lessons of existence. Anybody who thinks that, in order to be spiritual, they have to go off to a monastery, or meditate, or follow this or that so-called "spiritual practice," are turning away the greatest interaction with God and creation imaginable. They are throwing away a great gift.

By living in the world, and striving to see the spirit in things, one can accomplish so much more than if they go off to a monastery where there are no distractions, no real tests of balance or seeing. It's more religious, I think, to be in the world and be able to see and experience "spirit" than most people realize. The real world is where we fit. It is where we are born. And if we try to escape this lesson, we just come back over and over again.

(Andromeda) Maybe that IS their world? Maybe escaping to a monastery or ignoring or shutting out the world IS what is right for them.

(Ark) But, the question is, whether we learn to understand the world around us. Some people don't care about understanding the world. They are effectively saying: "it's holier to not care about the world, it's your business - we just want to ignore it."

(L) And they become the memory of the past - primal matter - they recycle. The very fact that we ARE in this realm means that this is where we fit. And it seems that the only way to move to the next level is to grow. And that means to take full cognizance of the medium of growth, to learn about the realm, learn how to be spiritual in the realm where you are. Grow where you are planted, but always toward the light.

**A:** Home is where the heart is.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is it vital to my physical existence to move to another country in the near future?

**A:** It is not "vital" to be in the body at all. But for those with missions in this realm, it is quite useful to preserve the physical vehicle. Thus, if one accepts the mantle of responsibility to humanity, it is not a selfish thing to seek preservation until the mission is accomplished. In the present situation, that will be enhanced outside of the USA.

**Q:** (Ark) I am reading one of the books by the Polish engineer Pajak, written in 1990, where he describes a UFO propulsion system. He claims that he has discovered a "periodic principle" where inventions come like the periodic table, and he says it is now time to discover this UFO propulsion system. So much that he says seems to "fit." He gives many good ideas, but generally for the wrong reasons. Are his main ideas sound? Is it true that UFOs are using the machinery that he describes?

**A:** His primary block is his lack of knowledge of hyperdimensional physics.

**Q:** (Ark) That is true. But to build such a thing, we need to use 3D technology because that is what we have. We cannot use 4D technology because we don't have access to 4D tools, so what can we do?

**A:** You will.

**Q:** (Ark) Question is whether Pajak's 3D technology that he describes corresponds to what it really is?

**A:** Generally speaking, more or less. But so much is lacking that, as designed, the prototypes will do nothing.

**Q:** (Ark) Has his idea been taken from him and successfully implemented by others - say, military?

**A:** No need. Only objective there is to prevent his further discoveries.

**Q:** (Ark) His ideas are quite original, so I wonder where he is getting them?

**A:** Not so original, just logical. Only reason others don't "get" such ideas is because they cannot think logically due to hypnosis.

**Q:** (Ark) Well, I also have problems with logical thinking due to hypnosis!

**A:** Less than before.

**Q:** (Ark) Well, that means that I am still under hypnosis and clearly I am under more hypnosis than this Mr. Pajak is because I have not been able to get as far as he has...

**A:** You aren't an engineer.

**Q:** (L) That reminds me! I wonder why it is we have such a preponderance of engineer types and computer types in QFS? (Ark) Computer types, it's clear: they are the only guys who have the time! (laughter) (L) I think that the C's really appeal to engineering types for some reason. (Ark) I want to ask about these Polish crop circles that have appeared in the same place several years in a row. Last time, the people were already waiting there, equipped with cameras and all sorts of things, and were able to film a formation, to film strange lights in the night, the compass needle moving, and so on. The guy wrote to me and said that they have seen a real UFO making crop circles. (L) Did they film any solid objects? (Ark) Just lights. Of course, it was over three years so there is no guarantee that they were made by the same method for three years. The question is: who made these circles?

**A:** Just because their conscious minds rationalize a "psychic" impulse of awareness at another level does not mean they are right.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that there is a psychic impulse, or awareness at another level, of something going on, and this cues them into the fact that something is going to appear, and they have come up with a rational explanation for it that may or may not be correct. In other words, because they had awareness, because they showed up and saw lights in the sky, does not mean that these lights are necessarily UFOs as they are commonly understood, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ark) I don't understand. There are these circles. Something is making them. What is it?

**A:** Thoughts.

**Q:** (BT) The observers, or others?

**A:** 6th Density.

**Q:** (Ark) Are UFOs also made by thoughts?

**A:** Everything is.

**Q:** (Ark) But some thoughts we call material, like this cup, which is material. And then there is technology to build this cup. Question is, is there technology behind producing these crop circles?

**A:** Not in the sense you are thinking.

**Q:** (L) I think that the problem is the assumption that seeing lights while the circles were being made meant that they were being made by UFOs, that these lights were, themselves, UFOs. That is the rationalization. (Ark) Seeing a flying boomerang - is it not the same thing as seeing a light in the sky? (L) No. A boomerang is a solid object even if it is a hyperdimensional one. It still has solidity. There are many instances of seeing lights that do unusual things that are not the result of solid objects as we understand them. Or so I think. (Ark) Okay. Last week I was looking again at the deal of Joel Scherk, a French scientist. In September of 1979, he wrote a paper on anti-gravity and he had written other papers about time before that. Then, in 1980, he died. Nobody was there to give him insulin when he had a diabetic condition. Question is: was his death somehow 'sponsored?'

**A:** Indeed, as are many such. Keep in mind that the chemistry of the body can be manipulated by waves at a distance!

**Q:** (Ark) He was an expert on supersymmetry. Is supersymmetry a valid idea?

**A:** It is a partially correct approach to certain "states."

**Q:** (Ark) Change of subject. I want to build an ozone generator. That is, I had an idea that it may be a good idea. Who knows, it may be a very bad idea because we may die due to ozone. It kills germs, it might kill us. (laughter) We ordered a transformer and it will be our first experiment with high voltage. So, question about ozone: Can we play with ozone? Is it a good idea?

**A:** Allow it to run while out of the room, limit long term direct exposure.

**Q:** (L) Will an ozone generator prevent UFOs from hanging around?

**A:** If it did, it would also prevent you from "being around"

**Q:** (L) What about some of these UFO detectors this guy Pajak has talked about?

**A:** Most of that is nonsense. UFOs can easily overcome any such devices.

**Q:** (L) In reading the Pajak story, there is a part of it written by a former Miss Italy who claims that she had information from some sort of "contact" - maybe extraterrestrials or something - about how to build a "telepathic communication pyramid." Is it something that would do what was claimed about it?

**A:** To some extent, thought not in the way desired. It provides a medium of reception of "earth bound" discarnates. It other words, it is about as useful as trying to "remote view" 4th density from a 3rd density state of being.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if there is going to be any further manipulations of the population in terms of terrorist attacks and such things might further the negative agenda that is presently underway?

**A:** No doubt! You are looking at men who are so desperate that they have nothing to lose at this point.

**Q:** (L) Yes, sad but true. Any bunch of people who are so desperate to do something that they would crash two jet airliners into the tallest buildings in the world to and fake a crash on the Pentagon, and murder all those people - because it is nothing else but murder - are pretty desperate. They've got to be crazy. It's like Vincent Bridges. He couldn't even see his craziness. It just escalated until he shot himself in the foot. I guess, from that perspective, it's a good thing.

**A:** In a sense, since it will fail.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but in the meantime a whole lot of awful stuff is likely to come down. (BT) Is France still vulnerable to an attack?

**A:** Less likely since you have exposed it.

**Q:** (L) Yes. That was my intention. After all, they can't be doing things that we predict... it would be "too synchronistic." (Ark) What about TS? Should we try to intervene and help?

**A:** Let him ask.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I guess that's it for tonight...

**A:** Open eyes of souls. It will come soon! Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

