## September 21, 2002
Ark, Laura

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello! So place your hand in mine.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Calonia.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (A) Is it an objective fact that I think much more objectively outside than inside, as I was noticing over the past weeks?

**A:** Yes. It is due to long wave cluster pattern in the house.

**Q:** (A) Is this due to some external source?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What is the location of the source?

**A:** Hidden source. Think in terms of military generators placed at specific locations for general "control."

**Q:** (L) So everybody is being bombarded by it so nobody can think. Everybody's asleep. (A) Why does it affect me more than Laura?

**A:** It doesn't. Just different symptoms.

**Q:** {Small exchange about Laura's physical symptoms edited out.}(A) Still, I would like to understand why being outside, why walking...

**A:** Geometrical structures cause "clustering."

**Q:** (A) Can we a) shield, b) have some antidote that would somehow weaken...

**A:** The best antidote is to move.

**Q:** (A) Yes, this is the best antidote. But, in order to move we have to do certain things - it would be nice if we could do these certain things in better mind capacity - therefore, what is the next best antidote that can be applied here, before we move?

**A:** Wave generator with broad-spectrum capability so as to cancel.

**Q:** (A) What waves: acoustic or electromagnetic?

**A:** EM.

**Q:** (A) Are such wave generators commercially available?

**A:** Probably not. Why not build one?

**Q:** (A) Okay, we can build a wave generator. What power is needed? If we build an EM wave generator, it will just create EM noise, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, we'll be poisoning ourselves twice! (A) Right!

**A:** Unless detector that is adjustable is added and tuned to precise canceling frequency.

**Q:** (L) I think it would be cheaper to move. (A) A broad band wave generator, like a damaged florescent tube produces all kinds of EM noise. But if you tune the frequency. (L) Well, you have to have a detector AND a tuner. Cheaper to move.

**A:** Better, too!

**Q:** (A) There must be some way to make the body less vulnerable to these things.

**A:** Silk clothing and headgear.

**Q:** (A) I know! Aluminum pyramids! [Laughter.]

**A:** With silk lining.

**Q:** (L) What about these metallicized reflector curtains I have to keep the heat out, do they help? And don't forget that your office has that cathedral ceiling - a pyramid. They said something about the geometrical structure.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) Okay, if we change the geometric structure somehow, it would help, right? (L) We could hang something from the ceiling that moves - a ceiling fan? It would produce noise, EM, moves the air...(A) That may help. But then, if we had the ozone generator, a fan would move ions around. Ions, while they are moving, are an electric current. They would produce noise. So that may help. (L) So we need to build the ozone generator.

**A:** All helpful. But still the best option is sell and move.

**Q:** (L) You have NEVER told us that it was a good idea to sell and move. Every other time I have ever asked, the answer has been negative. Why, all of a sudden, is selling the house and moving a good idea?

**A:** Things are moving rapidly now.

**Q:** (L) Is something significant going to happen on September 22 as has been suggested by Vincent Bridges?

**A:** Not likely.

**Q:** What's going to happen if people engage in his silly ceremony of "raising the djed," as he calls it?

**A:** Nothing.

**Q:** (L) Is this bombing of Iraq that George Bush wants - is there any way to stop this gang from going to war?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are all of my efforts in that respect wasted?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, if my efforts to stop the bombing are not wasted, and yet the bombing is going to continue, what's the point?

**A:** Efforts will result in different return.

**Q:** (L) Shouldn't we get some more work done on the house before we try to sell it?

**A:** If you can do it in a hurry.

**Q:** (L) If we move, does that just mean move from this house to another nearby, or out of the country?

**A:** France.

**Q:** (L) I thought you said France was going to get hit by a nuke?

**A:** Still possible but less probable.

**Q:** (L) Is the United States going to be hit by nukes?

**A:** No doubt.

**Q:** (L) I am curious about this object that was seen in orbit around the Earth by an amateur astronomer. As soon as he announced it, it suddenly was explained away as an old rocket booster that was orbiting the Sun, and it has now been recaptured and is in orbit around earth. Yeah, right. Since 1969 it's been orbiting the Sun. Is this an old, cast off rocket booster?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What is it?

**A:** High level scanner of sectors.

**Q:** (L) Like a radar? A satellite?

**A:** Similar, but more advanced.

**Q:** (L) Who does it belong to?

**A:** High level consortium.

**Q:** (L) Human or alien?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) What was this thing seen off of Hollywood recently which was claimed to be an ICBM being launched?

**A:** Nonsense. Flight of density transiting craft.

**Q:** (L) So, I understand that the war that was formerly scheduled for January or February, as of today, was bumped up to November. It's crazy. We were going to bomb Saddam in January or February because he wouldn't let the inspectors in. So, now he let the inspectors in and they decided they want to bomb him even earlier. Explain to me! I feel like we are in a world gone mad!

**A:** You are.

**Q:** (L) What is the most important thing we ought to be doing right now?

**A:** Concentrate on getting the ducks in a row to move.

**Q:** (L) What is the objective of George Bush and the Gang? [Wearily.]

**A:** Life will not be as difficult as you think.

**Q:** (L) Well, all I can say is I don't know how we can do such a thing. We just are not in a position to do it. I know you had to make such a decision, and you did what you did all on your own. And I had decisions I had to make. And here, this is a decision that just goes against what I want to do. I mean, I want to do it, but being faced with it - thinking about it - doing it is just like climbing a mountain. We simply do not have the money to just jump up and move right now! (A) There is one solution: step by step.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's enough on my plate for tonight.

**A:** Money will come very soon. Good night.

END OF SESSION

