## July 13, 2002
Ark, Laura, BT, VG

[Part of this session was lost to tape malfunction and a few of the questions are reconstructed, though the actual answers from C's are verbatim from the stenographic notes.]

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Giffaea.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (V) What is the main difference in the transmissions since "Frank" left the group and Ark finally agreed to participate directly in the process?

**A:** Remember that a conduit is composed of knowledge. Now think about the difference between "Frank" and Arkady. Prepare for the greatest learning burst ever!

**Q:** We have recently been working with some material from Boris Mouravieff. We can see many relationships between that work and so many of the clues and hints scattered throughout the C's transmissions. What seems to be important is his information about the Centers - three lower and three higher that are not "seated" in the body. Then, he talks about the difference between "A" influences and "B" influences, and the necessity for assimilation of "B" influences in order to fuse the "magnetic center" which then enables the soul - or higher centers - to "seat" in the body. Is the information from Mouravieff about these matters fairly accurate?

**A:** Not just fairly. It has been preserved from the time of the "Fall."

**Q:** Mouravieff states clearly that this teaching is a "thin thread" of an oral tradition, and that the monks themselves - in various locations - admit that it has not only not been put into writing, but has not ever even been "gathered together" in a single place. This is, of course, problematical, but it seems that Mouravieff has made a sincere effort to present the material of the Tradition itself, even if he has spent an inordinate amount of time trying to weave through it some of the occult traditions of Europe that have been so very popular for so long, particularly the synarchic views of Guenon and so forth. In seems that, in this respect, Mouravieff has interpreted many things in an "A influence" sort of way. And then, there is Mouravieff's presentation of the "worlds." It seems to be very similar to the teaching about "densities," though without the balance of STS and STO.

**A:** If it is understood in the original context of hyperdimensional realities. Also, there are some distortions and gloss on the subject of the "worlds" and

"notes." But even this is only minor.

**Q:** Mouravieff says that there are two kinds of humans - he calls the "pre-Adamic" and "Adamic," (discussed in book III). The idea is that pre-Adamic human types basically have no "soul" nor any possibility of growing one. This is a pretty shocking idea, but there have been recent scholarly discussions of this matter based on what seems to be clinical evidence that, indeed, there are human beings who are just "mechanical" and have no "inner" or "higher self" at all. [See: "Division of Consciousness"] Gurdjieff talked about this and so did Castaneda. Are these ideas Mouravieff presents about the two basic TYPES of humans, as far as they go, accurate?

**A:** Indeed, though again, there is a "Biblical Gloss."

**Q:** Mouravieff says that the "pre-Adamic" humans do not have the higher centers, nor the possibility of developing them in this cycle - which we assume to be the Grand Cycle you have previously described, the length of which is around 300,000 years. Is this an accurate representation of "pre-Adamic" beings?

**A:** Yes, they are "organic" portals between levels of density.

**Q:** Based on what Mouravieff has said, it seems to be so that any efforts to try to raise the consciousness of such individuals is doomed to fail.

**A:** Pretty much. Most of them are very efficient machines. The ones that you have identified as psychopaths are "failures." The best ones cannot be discerned except by long and careful observation.

**Q:** (V) Have I, or anyone in this room, ever encountered any, and if so, can you give us an example for reference?

**A:** If you consider that the population is equally distributed, then you will understand that in an ordinary "souled" person's life, that person will encounter half as many organic portals as souled individuals. BUT, when someone is in the process of "growing" and strengthening the soul, the Control System will seek to insert even more "units" into that person's life. Now, think of all the people you have ever met and particularly those with whom you have been, or are, intimate. Which half of this number would YOU designate as being organic portals? Hard to tell, eh?

**Q:** (BT) Is this the original meaning of the "pollution of the bloodline" that the Bible talks about?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) This certainly gives a whole new meaning to all the experiences we have had with people like "Frank" and Vincent Bridges and Terri Burns, Olga and the rest of the gang! What this means is that the work of discerning these organic portals from souled human beings is CRUCIAL to the so-called ascension process. Without the basic understanding of transformation of, and conservation of energies, there is no possibility of fusing a magnetic center. No wonder the Bridges gang and the COINTELPRO types went bananas while I was publishing the Adventures Series! And sheesh! They will go bonkers with this organic portal stuff! (V) In thinking back over my life, it seems to me that my father is certainly one of these organic portals.

**A:** Now, do not start labeling without due consideration. Remember that very often the individual who displays contradictory behavior may be a souled being in struggle.

{We may assume that this remark can refer to all individuals mentioned in the question paragraph.}

**Q:** (L) I would say that the chief thing they are saying is that the really good ones - you could never tell except by long observation. The one key we discovered from studying psychopaths was that their actions do not match their words. But what if that is a symptom of just being weak and having no will? (A) How can I know if I have a soul?

**A:** Do you ever hurt for another?

**Q:** (V) I think they are talking about empathy. These soulless humans simply don't care what happens to another person. If another person is in pain or misery, they don't know how to care.

**A:** The only pain they experience is "withdrawal" of "food" or comfort, or what they want. They are also masters of twisting perception of others so as to seem to be empathetic. But, in general, such actions are simply to retain control.

**Q:** (A) What does having a soul or not having a soul have to do with bloodline?

**A:** Genetics marry with soul if present.

**Q:** Do "organic portals" go to fifth density when they die?

**A:** Only temporarily until the "second death."

{This refers to an esoteric tradition teaching that some consciousness units dissipate over a period of 40 days after death unless the individual has crystallized an individuated soul.}

**Q:** (V) What is the "origin" of these organic portal human types? In the scheme of creation, where did they come from?

**A:** They were originally part of the bridge between 2nd density and 3rd density. Review transcripts on the subject of short wave cycles and long wave cycles.

**Q:** (A) Now, I was reading in the transcripts that sleep is necessary for human beings because it was a period of rest and recharging. You also said that the SOUL rests while the body is sleeping. So, the question is: what source of energy is tapped to recharge both the body and the soul?

**A:** The question needs to be separated. What happens to a souled individual is different from an organic portal unit.

**Q:** (L) I guess that means that the life force energy that is embodied in Organic Portals is something like the soul pool that is theorized to exist for flora and fauna. This would, of course, explain the striking and inexplicable similarity of psychopaths, that is so well defined that they only differ from one another in the way that different species of trees are different in the overall class of Tree-ness. So, if they don't have souls, where does the energy come from that recharges Organic Portals?

**A:** The pool you have described.

**Q:** Does the recharging of the souled being come from a similar pool, only maybe the "human" pool?

**A:** No - it recharges from the so-called sexual center which is a higher center of creative energy. During sleep, the emotional center, not being blocked by the lower intellectual center and the moving center, transduces the energy from the sexual center. It is also the time during which the higher emotional and intellectual centers can rest from the "drain" of the lower centers' interaction with those pesky organic portals so much loved by the lower centers. This respite alone is sufficient to make a difference. But, more than that, the energy of the sexual center is also more available to the other higher centers.

**Q:** (L) Well, the next logical question was: where does the so-called "sexual center" get ITS energy?

**A:** The sexual center is in direct contact with 7th density in its "feminine" creative thought of "Thou, I Love." The "outbreath" of "God" in the relief of constriction. Pulsation. Unstable Gravity Waves.

**Q:** Do the "centers" as described by Mouravieff relate at all to the idea of "chakras?"

**A:** Quite closely. In an individual of the organic variety, the so-called higher chakras are "produced in effect" by stealing that energy from souled beings. This is what gives them the ability to emulate souled beings. The souled being is, in effect, perceiving a mirror of their own soul when they ascribe "soul qualities" to such beings.

**Q:** Is this a correspondence that starts at the basal chakra which relates to the sexual center as described by Mouravieff?

**A:** No. The "sexual center" corresponds to the solar plexus.

Lower moving center - basal chakra

Lower emotional - sexual chakra

Lower intellectual - throat chakra

Higher emotional - heart chakra

Higher intellectual - crown chakra

**Q:** (L) What about the so-called seventh, or "third eye" chakra?

**A:** Seer. The union of the heart and intellectual higher centers.

{Laura's note: This would "close the circuit" in the "shepherd's crook"

configuration.}

**Q:** (V) What about the many ideas about 12 chakras, and so forth, that are currently being taught by many new age sources? {Barbara Marciniak, for one.}

**A:** There are no such. This is a corrupted conceptualization based on the false belief that the activation of the physical endocrine system is the same as the creation and fusion of the magnetic center. The higher centers are only "seated" by being "magnetized." And this more or less "External" condition [location of the higher centers] has been perceived by some individuals and later joined to the perceived "seating" locations, in potential. This has led to "cross conceptualization" based on assumption!

**Q:** Are the levels of initiation and levels of the staircase as presented by Mouravieff fairly accurate?

**A:** Yes, but different levels accessed in other so-called lives can relieve the intensity of some levels in "another" life.

**Q:** (L) So work on the self in different incarnations - assuming one is not an organic portal - can be cumulative? You can pick up where you left off if you screw up?

**A:** Yes. To some extent. For now, then, good night.

END OF SESSION

