## February 26, 2002
Ark, Laura, Rick O

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Goorpplo.

**Q:** (L) Where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) How often should we have sessions?

**A:** Regularly is best. Two times per week if needed.

**Q:** (L) Why did Terri Burns call?

**A:** To probe if possible.

**Q:** (L) Jay Weidner says that there is something in the south of France that is very, very evil. Is correct in this assessment?

**A:** Not really. But those guarding the secrets might be termed as such. Also they wish to make others think thus. Machiavelli!

**Q:** (L) Well it works. Is the place of safety at the end of time to be found in Peru?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the place of safety a physical location on the planet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is the place of safety a hyperdimensional state of being?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why does the apparent counterintelligence program seek to convince so many people that Peru is a source of great wisdom, benevolence, spirituality and so forth?

**A:** Same as usual: diffuse knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Who sent us that camera? {We received a computer camera in the mail that nobody ordered and it came from a phone company center. It looked like an eyeball.}

**A:** ONI.

**Q:** (L) Office of Naval Intelligence. [Laughter.] (R) For what purpose?

**A:** More like a message than anything else.

**Q:** (L) Like a message? (A) Uh huh. We are watching you guys with our eye! (L) It is driving me nuts! (R) Should we ask about the Cable TV truck that was hanging around all over when the camera arrived? (L) Did the Warner Cable people hanging around have anything to do with that?

**A:** Not likely. Just working.

**Q:** {Laura and Ark have a short discussion concerning the coincidences they have been noticing in their environment.} (L) Is our assessment of all the many coincidences gathered around in such a short period of time, that it is a changing of the program or a bridging of the realities, is that a correct assessment?

**A:** Yes, for the better.

**Q:** (L) We were making some theories about this object that Vincent Bridges was looking for - the Ark of the Covenant, or the Holy Grail. I believe that we understand that this is an object that is of great usefulness, some kind of lensing device. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is this something that the STS groups - yeah, we know everybody on earth is STS, but I mean the heavy duty ones - had at one time and then lost, or lost control of?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How did they lose it?

**A:** It was not so much "lost" as it was "retrieved" and put away for safe keeping.

**Q:** (R & L) Who retrieved it?

**A:** 4th density STO mission.

**Q:** (L) Who is it that is looking for it? Is it 3rd density STS or 4th density?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) If it is a 3rd density device why do 4th density critters want it?

**A:** It is a trans-density device.

**Q:** (L) Well if 4th density STS are so technically advanced how come they can't just make another one?

**A:** This item is tuned by consciousness. It is of such a frequency that STS gifts are not capable of such precision. The range includes multiple possibility vectors. STS operates within a narrow range.

**Q:** (R) So they can't make it, but they can use it. So they have to find one that is already created. (L) Is that possible? (A) Operated by consciousness. (L)They said tuned not operated. First of all we want to ask whether they mean tuned as in tuned when it was created or as tuned as in using. (A) There is this scenario that they will wait until the STO guy will find it and tune it, and still only then they will jump on 'em. (L) Right. Do you mean tuned as in the tuning of the creation or the tuning of the operation?

**A:** Creation.

**Q:** (A) Okay. Once it is tuned, it is tuned, right? (R) Yeah. And if it was similar to our simulation then tuning is done by exposing it to similar frequencies. (L) Or maybe assembling it by virtue of frequencies that are produced. But it still needs to be established whether or not they can see it. So we have theorized that the reason they can't find it, the only reason we can see for why they can't find it, is because for some reason it is protected by frequency or something and that they don't know where it is either. Is this correct?

**A:** Mostly. They have a general idea.

**Q:** What specifically prevents them from isolating the exact spot and getting it?

**A:** Occlusion.

**Q:** (A) What is occlusion? (R) I think that's similar to ...

**A:** Frequency fence.

**Q:** (R) Which is similar to what we've been talking about. If you don't have the same frequency it's ... (L) Or they can set a frequency around it that these guys can't tune to and can't penetrate. (R) It becomes invisible in some sense. (L) But they can still in some way detect a region or something. But it can be like noise or something maybe; so much noise that they can't isolate the signal. Is this the reason these people keep coming after us, because they want us to help them find this thing? Is this the reason?

**A:** More or less. Though not the only one.

**Q:** (R) Well I guess another major reason is just to disrupt in general. So more or less yes, but there are other reasons. Well Jay Weidner said that they now think that Frank is going to help them find it, that he is a channel for Set. (A) We don't know if this is true. What Jay Weidner says about their hopes about Frank. If that were true they would already have Frank they would be busy with Frank and they would be leaving us alone. So, I don't think it is so important. (L) I don't either. It was just bait tossed out by Jay Weidner. (R) I was wondering about the possible positive uses of the device?

**A:** Multiple. In ancient times this object was called the Gift of God. It was used to aid in the manifestation of all things needful for existence.

**Q:** (A) Manifestation? (R) That sounds like Merkabah. The Matriarch Stone. The Mother Stone. (A) So it can do all kinds of things ... (R) Is this the Merkabah?

**A:** Mother Stone, yes.

**Q:** (R) So that's it! This is the real meaning of the Merkabah. Pretty neat. And there is only one of these available. This puts a very strange aspect on all this. (L) Where was it created?

**A:** Kantek.

**Q:** Was this what was used to help transport the Kantekkians to Earth at the time of the destruction of their planet?

**A:** Some of them. Others transported by Lizards.

**Q:** (L) Well that puts a different slant on that. Alright, we notice that when we ask details about it - location, etc - the answers come very slow, details about where it is and all those things. Let's move on. (R) I want to ask again about this woman, HR, if she was on auto-pilot and I just happened to be in her way or if someone actually controlled her? (L) In other words sent her your way? (R) Yes.

**A:** H was both real and manufactured. When your frequency was read, the control program was activated. But be warned that there are many others, and sometimes there is a delay before the program is activated. And often the emotions are by then blinders.

**Q:** (L) One thing I have noticed is that when you first encounter a person, there are always very small things that give you clues that there is a possibility that they can get activated. And if you're watching for those clues and if you see one or two then you put your guard up. If you see three or four then it's just better to walk away. But that's hard to do. Sometimes they offer so much fascination. And sometimes we're so needy. We're lonely or we need a friend, or we need someone to talk to. We need to share a particular part of our self that is not normally shared because there is nobody to talk to about it. So many people have aspects of themselves that they close off and don't share because they don't have anyone to share it with. So there are all kinds of reasons we are lured into these friendships. And yet there are these little signs. And we tend to ignore them because we need or want something.

(A) I would say that one of the good things to observe is not so much others as our own reaction. I would look at myself and try to see if I am trying to hide something, to put something under the rug. Am I trying to suppress some part of myself; suppress some part to please, or not so much to please as to not to enrage.

(L) Or not to annoy, or not to turn off. (A) And then when we notice these things about ourselves it needs silence, meditate on it, then we know it's a valid sign that is warning us.

(R) What is the relationship between the platonic solids in our quantum fractal simulations and the fractal patterns. It seems to relate back to the discussions you had about the tetrahedrons and the hexagons?

(A) Yeah, so that's a funny thing that I was using, tetrahedrons for this quantum simulation, before knowing much about it. So question is: what they are they good for maybe they are important or maybe not.

(L) Can you experiment and find out?

(A) No because we don't know how to experiment, what to do with them. For instance these people - these sacred geometry people or whoever - they think that these solids - 200 cells or 600 cells - are for some reason important. Right. They have no idea for what reason, they think they know, but I have no idea what is the function of this shape.

**A:** Such polytopes are end products not initiators.

**Q:** (R) So something else is initiating it and it results in the polytopes. What do the fractal patterns represent?

**A:** Events.

**Q:** (R) Are the detectors that we are using in the EEQT Theory actual, should they be included? (A) I have a theory that the way we are using these detectors is just temporary, and that they really represent some kind of a moving to a different density or dimension which we have not yet modeled. (R) So they are a temporary simplification. (A) Right.

**A:** It will unfold!

**Q:** (A) I have a question because when I was asking about quantum jumps, the answer was, I don't know if I will be able to read because it is in cipher, it's coded. I cannot decode okay. Reads With respect to ummm ... [Ark and Rick are reading from a paper.] (R) "With room for alterations, the way to quantum jumps the key to quantum jumps is always in discovering new mathematics." My first question is about this "room for alterations" which sounds very suspicious - like hinting. 'Room' here is a strange word. I suspect that it has hidden meaning like for instance Hilbert space. It is my guess that the room here has a double meaning correct?

**A:** Di/bi/double.

**Q:** (L) Di like dipole, bi like a bipole and double, which is triple meaning.

**Q:** (A) Now this new mathematics was the answer I was given when I was asking about the p-adic numbers, which relates to the prime numbers. So I got a book on p-adic numbers. And I am ready to jump into this new mathematics, but I don't want jump into the wrong thing, okay? So the question is: what is this 'new mathematics'? Can it be related to quantum jump?

**A:** In this respect you are going to have to put the puzzle together from many pieces.

**Q:** (L) So there is no one form of mathematics that's going to cover everything.

(R) We have fractals, we have p-adic numbers, primes, rings, and groups. Ah! Should we ask if the Benzene Ring was also related to group and ring algebra, not just algebra, is that a good question?

(A) Yeah, we know that algebra is important, we know that algebra is the main math, so that if we ask about algebra the answer would certainly be 'yes,' so it is not specific enough.

(R) Okay. Should we ask whether it is ring algebra in combination with prime numbers?

(A) Yes, certainly the answer is 'yes' because when we study prime numbers it automatically comes with the rings. There's no way to avoid it.

(R) I have only one question left on that and that is whether the detectors are consciousness interface points, is that where consciousness is interfacing with reality?

**A:** Frequency awareness boundaries.

**Q:** (L) What are frequency awareness boundaries made of? Whose awareness? (R) But it makes sense. (L) Yeah, but whose awareness is it a boundary of? (R) I guess ours. (A) Who is 'ours'? Whose awareness? Universal? (R) General, for any awareness I suppose.

**A:** 7th density nature/divisions.

**Q:** (A) Okay, so there is this general - what Gurdjieff calls worlds - he had a very good description. (R) Okay so my question would be if consciousness, for example us three in this room, are we interacting with reality through 7th density which uses these frequency awareness boundaries? Right, so it's kind of a middle step. I'm not sure how to phrase it.

**A:** 7th density interacts with divisions through you.

**Q:** (R) Ah! So it is not us interacting with reality through 7th density, it's the other way around. Seventh density is interacting with the concept of divisions through us. It makes sense to me in a strange kind of way. (A) That is how it works. (L) We're it. (R) We are the interface. (R) Of course, duh! (L) We could've had a V-8. I'm tired and I want to ask about my tooth, how come my tooth broke?

**A:** Lack o 'dentist!

**Q:** (R) Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar! {laughter} (A) When I was looking for the right keywords for my chapter, I came across this Matti Pitkanen. And I started to read. And he had all the things that were in my mind or were mentioned by the C's or that I was asking C's ... (L) So did Dan Winter. (A) Well, Matti is a physicist! (L) So is Dan Winter according to his own claims. (A) Ouch! So Matti had all the right things and he knew math; p-adic numbers I learned from him. Complexification, dimensions, quantum jumps even. Where is he getting all this right keywords? What is his role, who makes him to resonate to all the right things? I don't understand what such people do, how they come along with all these things.

**A:**  Suffering activates neuro-chemicals which turn on DNA receptors.

**Q:** (A) I don't want to suffer if so! And to have my receptors ... (L) We'll have to invent a special suffering just for that. (A) Okay dear. [Laughter.] (L) Well we must be getting smarter with all the suffering we did back in July through January with this Vincent Bridges business. We must've really gotten smart cause we were really suffering and it culminated in incredible suffering. But I do not want anymore infections. That was not the right kind of suffering. But maybe that was evidence of neuro-chemicals being turned on! When we had our sicknesses in January I was very, very sick first, for about the same exact period of time that Ark was very, very sick. We both had massive infections that were hard to fight. We had to get major antibiotics. The pain was horrible. What was the cause of these infections?

**A:** Laura, Ark: First opening was stress. Second part was directed wave of negative energy. Third was bacteria activated by this frequency. End result was response from your system which did act beneficially.

**Q:** (R) What is the cause of the headache above my left ear?

**A:** Psychic stress.

**Q:** (R) Thank you. (L) Psychic stress? (A) Yeah, environment. (R) It is the same thing the doctor said.

END OF SESSION

