## August 24, 2002
Laura, Ark, Sara , Luann, Sandra B

**Q:** (L) Hello

**A:** Hello

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Koroiia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea! Grooving. Soon we present guests?

**Q:** (L) We have Luann, Sandra, and you know Sara.

**A:** Charmed.

**Q:** (L) Well, I know we're grooving or whatever. Are we grooving because there are other energies present?

**A:** Yes. Colinear frequencies are easier to work with.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I have a question before we launch off on this other subject. We have been considering putting our collected material on the attack on the WTC and the conspiracy of the government together into a book or a small booklet form or something rather than putting it on the web site and subjecting ourselves to hackers and all that kind of stuff. The question is how to do this without stepping on toes here? (A) By doing this, shall we remarkably cross the line?

**A:** Lines can be crossed if done carefully.

**Q:** (A) What would be crossing carefully involve in this case?

**A:** Give attention to phrasing in an ambiguous way.

**Q:** (L) What constitutes ambiguity in this case?

**A:** Indirect references.

**Q:** (L) Well, in the sessions where we discussed this attack your answers were not ambiguous.

**A:** Yes, but we aren't 3rd density either. We can take the heat. You might get burned. Let us do that part, you just ask "can it be true?"

**Q:** (L) So in other words we can publish such a little book, but we don't have to declare that it's true. (A) We don't know, we are asking questions, right? (SB ) Yeah that's about as ambiguous as you can possibly go. (A) Uh huh, which is true, we don't know. Alright, so in the sense this is an invitation to both kinds of answers, no it isn't true, yes it is true, right? Okay. Then we are open to reason right? Okay.

**A:** It would also be a good idea to present both sides of the story. Along with a little "history" of the claimants and participants so the reader may have a foundation on which to judge who is or is not likely to be truthful.

**Q:** (L) Well, let me think. So if I include a little bit of history about a few related things and then point out:here's what's happening now and this is what's going on, that will do it. (A) Okay, any particular subject that needs to be avoided?

**A:** Do not yourselves enter upon the "Jewish question." Let our comments stand.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now, $64,000 question: what caused the fire and explosion at the Pentagon? Was it a 757?

**A:** No it was very close to what you have surmised: a drone craft specially modified to give certain "impressions" to witnesses. Even the windows were not "real."

**Q:** (S) What is a drone craft? (A) It's a guided craft run by a computer. There is not even a seat for a pilot. (L) Alright, the $64,001 question, what happened to Flight 77?

**A:** It was landed and now resides, in part, in fourth density.

**Q:** (L) What do mean "in part," how can it be in part?

**A:** As we have mentioned before, certain bases have this property due to direct interaction with denizens of that realm.

**Q:** (L) And they talked about bases that have levels underground. (A) Well, 'in part' can mean mechanical part or the human part. (L) Also, once they talked about bi-density beings that can move back and forth between 3rd and 4th density. So, exactly what do you mean by this 'in part?'

**A:** Let us just say that the "human" part now resides at 5th density.

**Q:** (L) Well, the soul is what goes to 5th density. So that means that the bodies are still - well, somewhere. Did they later use parts of these bodies to produce evidence at the crash site of 'remains?'

**A:** Parts is the correct word. Do you think that any of them could be "allowed" to survive?

**Q:** (A) I have a technical question because if it landed somewhere, question is, whether the standard military surveying satellites, or whatever it is, know the place, or it disappeared completely before landing from normal satellite, or rather military, observation?

**A:** It landed in the normal way.

**Q:** (A) Okay, then that means the military, and perhaps also the White House, knows that it landed and knows that...

**A:** White House knows little of what transpires in any case.

**Q:** (A) Right. But there are other spy satellites; some other countries may know that this story with flight 77 crashing at the Pentagon is...

**A:** At those levels, there is only one "Master."

**Q:** (L) Those levels? What levels?

**A:** Levels that can hand down orders to bury or suppress.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that even, for example French, Russian, Chinese satellites that might have noticed something, that there is some level of control that can order such information to be buried or suppressed...(A) And the order will be respected? Why?

**A:** Those who are at that level have been bought and paid for by both giving knowledge of upcoming cataclysmic vents, and promised survival and positions of power after. It is not difficult to realize the there is a body of such types in positions of power already. Power is not only attractive to such types, they are the kind most easily corrupted by it.

**Q:** (SB) So they've been bought and paid for by...(L) Telling them what's going to happen, telling them this is the only way to survive and that they will be helped to survive. And then, telling them that once it's all over with, they can be in charge. Well, if they were going to kill the people anyway, who were in Flight 77, why didn't they just simply use this Flight 77 to crash into the Pentagon?

**A:** Because the damage would not have been controllable otherwise.

**Q:** (A) Yes, this is rather clear. If you let real hijackers and real pilots in there, who may start to fight just before the crash or something, God knows where it might hit. (L) So it was real important for this one to be carefully controlled. It had to hit a very specific target for a very specific reason. (A) Yeah. All this jet fuel will start burning, uncontrolled fire...(L) Can't have that. (S) Well also there might have been a specific area of the Pentagon that was more expendable; that they were focusing in on one specific spot in that building. (L) Well that has something to do with what Lu found out because she discovered that most of the people in the Pentagon who were killed were low-level female workers. All bigwigs were somewhere else in the building. (A) Well, what will be the consequences for publishing this book? If we are supposed to add this stuff, what's the point of publishing it?

**A:** You asked.

**Q:** (A) I asked what? (L) We're the one who asked about publishing it, they're not the ones who suggested it. (A) Oh. Is it a worthwhile investment of time publishing such a book?

**A:** Who is going to put the pieces together reasonably and coherently if you don't? Everyone is seeking truth. What's wrong with putting it out there?

**Q:** (L) Well sometimes putting the truth out there gets you in deep doo-doo.

**A:** And some times not putting it out there gives some others hopes of stopping you from doing so. Once it is out, you are safer since at that point any "attacks" only justify and validate.

**Q:** (SB) Was there any danger in the submarine promotional visit?

**A:** There is a strong likelihood that there could have been if you attended.

**Q:** (LA) I was thinking about the Space Camp thing. Did anything happen to the kids there?

**A:** Such programs are precursors to deeper black projects. Avoid at all costs. Also there are many other such portals in your life.

**Q:** (S) Oh my god! My son J\*\* went to space camp. (SB to LA) I went to a camp too. Did you go to a camp? (LA) NASA puts on a Space Camp for the kids. I went as a chaperone. (SB) The one I went to was sponsored by the state of Georgia but it was called Exploration Camp and the second year I don't remember anything.

**A:** Read Dolan and use your imagination to perceive just how such programs can be utilized. Just knowing the capabilities that you suspect with good reason regarding Flight 77, should give you some concept of how the Consortium operates. Imagine a "group" going to Space Camp on board that plane. Handy, eh?

**Q:** (L) So that's how they select out, maybe program, get them set up, have all kinds of groups ready and set up to be prepared to utilize at any point and time. Next question, or are we all getting depressed? (LA) You can tell huh? (SB) That's an understatement. (L) Well what seems to be so is that right here and now the planet is really kind of in deep doo-doo. We have a drunk at the wheel of the planet and nobody seems to be big enough or brave enough to really tell him he's drunk and take the keys away from him. On top of that, we have a lot of people, of course, who choose to think that drunks drive better when they're drunk. I mean there are people who subscribe to that idea and there are others who really want to get out. I know the C's have always said sit back and enjoy the show. I guess it's going to be pretty dramatic. Is there a positive aspect to any of this?

**A:** We have mentioned transducing of energies by groups. We have mentioned "help" to certain groups. You speak regularly about "butterflies and hurricanes." If you are patient and persistent, it will pay off in a way you cannot even conceive of at this point.

**Q:** (L) Questions? (A) It is clear, the positive aspect is if we can do something...(L) We just keep patiently doing what we see in front of us to do. We are just a butterfly. (A) We cannot even predict and imagine how it can change. (S) Is there anyone globally, in mainstream media, reporting the news who understands at any level close to what we are beginning to see what is happening?

**A:** No. Unfortunately. We suggest you need to become a "host" of your own show!

**Q:** (S) Wouldn't that be a humdinger? (L) We don't have the audience and it isn't very likely we could get away with it. We've got the website, that's our voice, and that's it. It's the liars who get the major audience. That's because the money is behind them. They not only don't get attacked, they get promoted. Alright then, everybody's depressed now, so I guess we better say goodnight. Anything before we say goodnight?

**A:** Just remember the little engine that could. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

