# 2002
## January 10, 2002
"Adventures With Cassiopaea"

[Supplement to Adventures With Cassiopaea](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/rodemerk.htm)

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Fiaage.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** As you know, we have become aware this evening of Frank's extraordinary conversion to the dark side. Is that an accurate way of perceiving it?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** Quite a few years ago, there were several remarks made on two or three occasions regarding Frank's battle with the Dark Forces, and the issue of whether or not he would be able to resist their domination. Was it always known that he would fail?

**A:** He is not a failure.

**Q:** What do you mean?

**A:** From the perspective of STS he is a success.

**Q:** Why was it that we were able to channel STO material, with Frank being so borderline regarding this ultimate choice between STS and STO?

**A:** He was programmed for the specific purpose of "downloading" from you secrets coded into you before birth of your present body. He failed because you were incorruptible. He is now charged with the mission, in concert with Vincent Bridges, of destroying your ability to accomplish your mission.

**Q:** Well, that means that there is a strong possibility that the material that came through while Frank was a participant was very likely corrupted. Is that why you gave the figure of 72 percent purity of the material regarding those sessions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** So, are you saying that Frank's presence produced that 30 percent corruption?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What was the form that most of that corruption took? Can we identify it?

**A:** Predictions and terror tactics.

**Q:** What is the advisable course of action to take at this point in time? Shall I stop what I am doing and take time to deal with the issues that have come up as a result of this action by Frank and Vincent?

**A:** Good idea to deal with it A.S.A.P.

**Q:** Should we also pursue legal action?

**A:** Yes, in terms of copyright.

**Q:** What about the stalking, harassment, defamation, blackmail?

**A:** It will be handled at the proper time by you, and you will know when to do it.

**Q:** (A) Why isn't ignoring them completely not the answer?

**A:**  Because they are not affected by being ignored. And your reality is such that lies and liars have prevailed in violating Free Will for millennia. They do this most effectively by programs that are designed to perpetuate it, such as "Turn the other cheek," and "If you ignore it, it will go away." Give what is asked for by a lie: Truth.

**Q:** So, it comes back to balance. In the face of a lie, balance is only restored by Truth. Well, now, let me ask this: did Terry contribute positive energy at the board?

**A:** Most of the time.

**Q:** Was that the reason that you encouraged Terry and Jan to be present? To counterbalance Frank's negative energy?

**A:** Yes. Frank would have killed you with his STS draining rather soon otherwise.

**Q:** Is that why I (and everyone else) always felt so tired after some sessions and he always felt so energized?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** He was literally sucking my energy out of me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is that why I had so many health problems during that period of time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Well, yes, the evidence was all there. The problem was, not being able to interpret it. Of course, one believes the lies, and Frank was very good at it. He was a consummate liar. And I already had the evidence of what a capable deceiver he was from observing his interactions with NE and other people, including his embezzlement of funds. But I chose to ignore it because I thought I could help him. I thought that our mutual interest in this project would help him as much as it would help me. And you are saying that the whole thing was set up, with all the synchronicities at the beginning, just for the purpose of getting me involved in this channeling experiment, to make the channeling experiment 72 percent positive, so that I would be encouraged to continue it, so that Frank could, more or less, vacuum out of me, from some level of consciousness, other information, and kill me. Is that what we are getting at here?

**A:** Pretty much.

**Q:** That's depressing. Why do all these people hate Ark so much?

**A:** Because Ark won't allow them to regard you as an object to use for their own nefarious purposes.

**Q:** In other words, it looks like Frank dropped out just as the time that Vincent moved in. Vincent was the new "agent." He spent his time getting close so that he could come and attempt to extract the same information that Frank had failed to get, only the new plan was to try to use hypnosis. Is that what the plan was?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Who is pulling the strings behind this whole thing?

**A:** It is better not to know specifics. But a clue: STS Consortium.

**Q:** I would really like to have some knowledge that would protect in this situation. I would like to know what actions to take, some inside information, something that would help us. Here we are, these guys keep us just constantly upset. Is this the way it is going to continue to be from here on out?

**A:** Not to worry, reinforcements are on the way.

**Q:** I sure wish they would show up now! We could use the cavalry. I mean, here we are, the wagon train is drawn up in a circle, we are surrounded by Outlaws, we are down to our last few silver bullets; you keep telling us that we aren't supposed to worry, that reinforcements are on the way, and so forth, and we just keep hanging in there, working, working, working, and I don't see anything materializing here. I think we ought to just sell the house and retire.

**A:** Not yet!

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about my theory about why walking is so important - that when one thinks while walking, one is able to evade mind control signals which are directed or reinforced when one remains static. Is there anything to this?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) I want to know what caused my ear infection?

**A:** Stress.

**Q:** Should I continue to keep Frank informed in an effort encourage him to see the hole he is about to fall into? I can't help but feel sorry for him.

**A:** He is going to fall in the hole anyway. So, why prolong the agony?

**Q:** What hole do you mean?

**A:** Suicidal thoughts;  since he does not have the STO motivation to help others without an agenda, which gives staying power to those of the STO persuasion to survive great troubles.

**Q:** Well, then it seems to me that he ought to avoid getting into such troubles.

**A:** He can't.

**Q:** Why?

**A:** Drives.

**Q:** What kind of drives?

**A:** Programmed in by parental abuse and neglect.

**Q:** Well, if you could say anything to Frank just now, would you want to?

**A:** No.

**Q:** But ought I not to feel grateful to Frank for his participation, helping me groove the channel?

**A:** That was not his agenda.

**Q:** (A) We would like to know if it is recommended that we transcribe and publish the "mirror session" with Vincent Bridges, as part of the Truth that needs to be made known?

**A:** Yes! All Truth is beneficial and promotes balance in a world dominated and run on lies

**Q:** (L) Yes,  but when you start telling the truth in a world dominated and run by lies, the liars go absolutely crazy in trying to destroy you! That is the plain hard fact that we have been facing. It is unbelievable to strip away the lies; layer after layer of lies, the liars themselves, impossible to conceive how they can lie the way they do; I am just utterly astonished by it.

**A:** Yes. It is part of your mission.

**Q:** (A) Well, I am wondering if the way I am managing these attacks is the proper STO approach? For example, I have blocked his access to the website. I have removed his entries to the guestbook. I have removed him from the egroup. I am just simply making his mission of spreading lies difficult. But I am not completely sure if this is an STO approach?

**A:** It is.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think he has the perfect right to tell all the lies he wants in the places where lies are wanted and asked for. He does not have the right to trespass on our space and tell lies because we do not ask for lies, we don't want lies, and it violates our Free Will to try to discover truth in our space. He has the Matrioshka list that obviously wants to hear his lies. They make no effort to discern truth in any way, and they certainly got very upset when Ark posted truth on their list, which only gave them a small sample of how it feels to have your free will violated. He can tell all the lies he wants where they are wanted. Any other suggestions?

**A:** Just persist and be patient.

**Q:** Is there anything we can do to accelerate the receiving of assistance?

**A:** It is on the way.

**Q:** {Laughter.} I know that time does not exist on 6th density. However, all these months dealing with these lunatics seems like six years, or six thousand years. Well, I'm just whining.

**A:** Either way it will come. "Miles to go before you sleep." Keep on going. Destination will be reached.

**Q:** Anything else we ought to know that we haven't asked?

**A:** Not for now. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

