## April 25, 2002
The background to this short session is the following: Vincent Bridges had published a pirated version of our transcripts. When he was accused of copyright piracy, he contacted Frank, one of the former members of the Cassiopaea Experiment group and persuaded him to claim ownership and then give permission to Bridges to publish this material. This was entirely illegal. See: [Cassiopaea Copyright Notice](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/copyright.htm). 

We had an attorney and "Frank" had gotten an attorney and we were gearing up for a court battle. However, our attorney advised trying to come to some sort of agreement out of court because it could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars on both sides to pursue such a suit. I was not giving up what I had sweated blood for over 30 years, and Frank was just looking for fame and glory and an easy way to make money. {See: [Statement By Terry and Jan Rodemerk](http://www.cassiopaea.org/cass/rodemerk.htm)}

I wasn't about to turn the material over to him and Vincent Bridges. So, even though we had proposed an agreement whereby Frank would receive credit where it was due, he was having none of it. He wanted full, sole ownership and wanted us to be barred from ever using the material that was, effectively, the result of my labor, or mentioning his name in public in any way. Another agreement was written where he relinquished any and all claims to the Cs material and we would agree never to mention his name in public again and to remove all traces of him from our website. He didn't like that, either. It was all or nothing for him. I was supposed to accept years of work being stolen from me, shut up, and let him and Vincent Bridges do what they liked. So, we were at an impasse. {The outcome of this situation is in the 4 May 2002 session}.

Laura, Ark

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Figliaea.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Do you have any messages for us tonight before we begin questions?

**A:** Frank is not going to sign the agreement.

**Q:** (L) What is he going to do?

**A:** Pout and wait for destruction.

**Q:** (L) Well, anything else?

**A:** Give a lie what it asks for: truth.

**Q:** (L) Well, in this case which particular truth is being asked for?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (L) I see. In other words file suit?

**A:** Close. Write.

**Q:** (L) Write about the failed legal negotiations for the web site?

**A:** Yes and more. Letters.

**Q:** (L) Did his attorney dump him?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What letters?

**A:** To authorities.

**Q:** (A) What would it accomplish?

**A:** You may get action.

**Q:** (A) An action that will prompt Frank to sign an agreement?

**A:** Action that may get him in trouble with the law.

**Q:** (A) Why should it be to our advantage to get Frank in trouble with the law, what should we gain? It looks selfish.

**A:** Publish the facts.

**Q:** (A) What would it accomplish, so we have fact, so what.

**A:** Make people aware he is in the wrong even if he refuses to admit it.

**Q:** (A) It seems to me there are better ways to spend time then just that. (L) Well if you write letters and the authorities decide to do it we don't have to spend the time. All we do is get them interested in picking up the case then they investigate and prosecute.

**A:** He is on self destruct mode now. Nothing can be done now.

**Q:** (A) Wouldn't it be better if we followed the advice of this attorney and leave Frank alone because it doesn't change anything, I mean...(L) Well it won't hurt us to write some letters to the State Attorney and County Attorney, our Representative and see if we can get some action from them and if we can fine if not we leave it alone. That's what I would say. It won't hurt us to write another letter. (A) I get the impression that in a very clever way they are succeeding by making us not really work on our stuff, all the time to be busy with them and only them. They succeeded 100%.

**A:** But look how many people are learning from your experiences. And note the validity your work is acquiring by virtue of being under such heavy attack.

**Q:** (A) I have a problem seeing how that is relevant to what is coming or how this...

**A:** Seeing the unseen is being learned by many through practical example.

**Q:** (A) What about {Laura's book}?

**A:** Work on {The Book} is almost completed.

**Q:** (A) But it's not published.

**A:** It won't take long. You will get help.

**Q:** (L) Well I am partly of the opinion that a large part of the time we school ourselves because we have a certain idea that this is right or this is wrong or the other thing and sometimes it takes more energy not to do something than to just do it with some reasonable control. (A) Yeah but things are changeable to the amount of energy. (L) Sure you've got to factor in that, and sometimes you do some things 2 or 3 times, its like having 2 or 3 pieces of candy and you don't want anymore. You get it out of your system it is done and you feel better. (A) Okay. (L) Its a lot harder if you're constantly thinking don't do that, don't do that' don't do that, and then finally you just do it, get it out of your system and you don't feel bad, it's over with. Yes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What do we want to ask now?

**A:** Get some sleep!

END OF SESSION

