## February 23, 2002
Ark, Laura, Barry T, Rick O, VG, Jeannine & M N\*\*\*\*

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Yes. Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Fiilia.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Yes. Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) They're not use to having so many people. Alright who wants to start off? (group silence) Well then I'll start off! Did you have a question? (B) Is there any correlation to the names ending in "A" or sounding like "A" that has been discussed on the list? (L) Correlation to what? (B) The veracity of the source. (L) Ah!

**A:** Close, generates frequency.

**Q:** (B) Is the lack of that an indicator of anything?

**A:** Can be indicative of fractured energy.

**Q:** (V) Huh. (B) One of the people on the list had made an indication that the sessions that had seemed most accurate were delivered from a "name" that either end in an "A" or ended in a combination of vowels that had an "A" sound in the English language. At the same time, some of the sessions that seemed a bit off, including a consideration of Frank's involvement didn't have that. (L) Alright, ask your question V. (V) Is the DG that called me Dec. 1 in fact my husband/ex-husband that I have not seen for 22 years?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (V) Wow.

**A:** Check records. Health issue.

**Q:** (V) He has a health issue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well why else would he be calling you? (V) Is this a health issue that may have some genetic ramifications for my son?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) So, he's feeling really crappy about dissin' us for 22 years. I'm not asking, that's just ...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) Why should that surprise me! [Laughter.] Well, should we ...

**A:** Whiner.

**Q:** (V) Whose a whiner? I'm a whiner? (L) No. You asked about him. (V) Oh. Health issue ... his health issue is whining? I'm still rushing from the fact that it was actually him that called. I'm going to be really honest - and I'm in a room full of strangers here that don't really know me - but my husband left when my son was a few months old and there was no support from that point in time, no financial support whatsoever. I've really wrestled with myself since Dec. 1. I've never called the number back and there was no message. A part of me wants to take him to Civil Court and ...

**A:** Waste of time.

**Q:** (V) Okay. Is he remarried?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (V) He never filed for a divorce?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (J) You're still married to him? (V) I never divorced because I figured it was my safety clause - if I was married I couldn't do that again.

**A:** Fill life with joy at his absence.

**Q:** (V) Okay. (L) It could've been so much worse. (V) Oh I know, God! Good Lord, it was just a struggle, it wasn't a hammer on the head so ...

**A:** Release and rejoice.

**Q:** (V) Is he dying?

**A:** Not yet. [Burst of laughter in the room.]

**Q:** (Jeannine) Can I ask my question? (L) Go ahead. (DN) Are 'The Allies of Humanity' a valuable resource?

**A:** All is of value if examined with an open mind and proper perspective.

**Q:** (L) You can get more specific, you know: vague in, vague out. The hardest thing about the process is thinking about the question. (V) Well, just from reading the table of contents of this Allies of Humanity book, it looks like they're trying to define a lot of subject matter, they're trying to define what is God, what is ... (DG) Spiritual.

**A:** Or from their perspective.

**Q:** (V) Where does the information emanate from?

**A:** Channeled.

**Q:** (V) Channeled by who? (JN) Channeled by Marshall Summers. (V) But who is it that is channeling through Marshall Summers? (JN) The Allies of Humanity. (V) You are missing my point. That's a name they give themselves. I want to know: what kind of source are they?

**A:** 4th density.

**Q:** (V) STS, STO?

**A:** STO predominates.

**Q:** (V) Well that's cool.

**A:**  Keep in mind that the 4th density STO perspective has a tendency to exclude certain factors by virtue of choice of realm frequency. This means that the lesson profile of 4th density STO is to enhance the energy by association in networks that do not include ongoing contact with STS, and so their perspective is on the positive STO experience.

**Q:** (R) So they can choose realms as frequencies or such where they do not have contact with STS because STS are not of the same frequency. (L) At 4D, those who graduate to STO are working on enhancement of what is already a choice rather than the problem of making the choice. It's there, it's made, it's done. (R) This has to go back to the question that you started with about Allies from 4D because, it's "all is of value if examined with a open mind and proper perspective." From our perspective, any help that we would get from 4D STO includes the fact that we have to keep in mind that they don't have to deal with things that we do. (L) Right. (R) So any help that we get from them, we will have to add the extra context ... (L) Of our reality.

**A:**  First awareness of the choice comes. Then making the choice. Then enhancing the energy to graduate. The problem of 3rd density is identifying what to choose, since so much is veiled from you.

**Q:** (R) This goes right to the discussion we had on the egroup a couple of weeks ago, I think, when we said that there is so much that is possible, but if you don't know about it you won't choose it. How can you choose if you don't know about it? (B) The choice has to be made here before you can glean the benefits of that choice. (L) Right. If you don't know you have a choice you can't make a choice, if everything is ... (R) It's like the gold fish in the bad water. (L) Yeah. Yeah, I mean you learn to exist in that environment and you accommodate it and you don't know how to be in any other. Okay, next. (R) Can I do some personal thing? It is about my now ex-girlfriend. I'm a little bit worried about her because she is really afraid of the dark and she doesn't want to talk about it really and I'm just really curious what the cause of it is.

**A:** When it becomes a sufficiently debilitating issue, she will talk about it.

**Q:** (JN) Is that a polite way of saying it's none of your business?

**A:** Perhaps the cause is the concern it engenders.

**Q:** (V) She's creating her own darkness? She's perpetuating her own ... (J) Fear of the unknown. (R) Yes. Oh yes. Absolutely. (V) She's doing it to herself. In other words maybe it wasn't something like she was locked in a dark closet when she was a kid. (R) Actually that's what she says. (V) Oh (laughter)! (R) That's what she said. I just didn't believe her. It just seems so extreme that ... (V) Have you met her parents? (R) Sure. (L) Would they do that? (R) No, no her kid brother locked her ... (JN) Yeah I was going to say that sounds like something a brother would do. (V) My brother used to do some crappy stuff to me too (giggling). (R) Okay, so he chased her into the bathroom and closed the door and the light switch was on the outside. I was curious if that was really ... (V) Yeah but there's more to it than just that. (R) So this seems to say that she perpetuates, she enhances that herself and until it becomes a real problem she'll have it. (L) Well it is a handy thing to have to get sympathy. (J) She's holding onto it for some reason (V) Drama, drama, drama. Very dramatic. It caused you to be dramatic towards her, didn't it? (R) Well, no, it is just, yeah, I always had to ... (J) You had to leave the light on. (R) Exactly.

**A:** Shakespeare said it: Sound and fury signifying nothing.

**Q:** (L) I think we ought to check the whole quote at some point and see what all he was saying. I'm not a Shakespeare person. (V) From what work is this quote? (L) I just want you all to know I am not a Shakespeare fan so ... knock it off (laughter as she speaks this to the board)! (V) Can you tell us what Shakespearean work this is from so it can be further ...

**A:** Tempest.

{It's actually from Macbeth though I suspect the Cs had a purpose in saying "Tempest":

Out, out, brief candle!

Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player

That struts and frets his hour upon the stage

And then is heard no more: it is a tale

Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,

Signifying nothing.

The Tempest tells us:

We are such stuff

As dreams are made on; and our little life

Is rounded with a sleep.

Which conveys a similar meaning, but in different words.}

**Q:** (R) Alright, I think I'm done with this, I'm okay with the answers. (V) I'll ask something unless someone else was ready to go. Twice maybe in the last 3 or 4 years - once at USF and once in my apartment - I was walking along and all of the sudden the environment had totally changed and it was like I was a light person. Can you tell me what that was?

**A:** 4D bleed through. We mentioned before that you ought to get used to it.

**Q:** (V) Well, it is not a "getting used to thing." It only happened twice and it was magnificent. I mean it was an experience. I can say now that I am experienced. [Laughter.] (L) And not Jimmy Hendrix! (V) Is there any way to generate this myself? It was just so spontaneous?

**A:** STS do that.

**Q:** (V) Do what? (L) Seek to generate such experiences for the sake of the experience. (R) Bring it on through the matrix, through technology, rituals, drugs, whatever. (JN) What were you smoking at the time (laughter)? (V) Yeah, right. So is there a positive or negative aspect to this?

**A:** Not unless you are not experienced! [L is laughing hard through the letter calling.]

**Q:** (L) I felt that coming and it was so funny! (V) While I was in this altered state, did I look the same to other people around me?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (R) You see it is only a perspective from an individual perspective.

**A:** Perception is bonded by awareness. Others are bonded to their awareness of you and all else.

**Q:** (V) Well, while this was happening to me, was this also happening to others in my general area?

**A:** No. Not likely. You do not yet realize how rare higher awareness is.

**Q:** (JN) What triggered it?

**A:** Frequency envelope thinning due to patterning imprint repetition of V in her environment.

**Q:** (V) Alright what's a frequency envelope you brainy types. (R) Actually, frequency envelope, [asking Ark] isn't that what we were doing with the wave generating computer program? (A) Frequency envelope is something like that.

**A:** Your awareness maintains a frequency emanation in concert with those in your environment. When there are fluctuations in bonding frequencies both between you and your environment, and the frequency bonding of another, the fluctuations create discontinuities.

**Q:** (R) Okay, that makes sense. (L) It does? (V) Okay then tell me. (R) Okay. It's like resonance. If the environment has a particular frequency ... hmm ... (V) We were asking about the frequency envelope and what it is. (R) And it's V. And violet is high energy, right? The color spectrum right? [The group reviews the previous C's answer ... ] (R) Exactly, so it's a quantum jump. GROUP: Yeah. (R) Because you're at one level and unless something strange happens that's where you're at. (L) In other words - you emanate energy, the other person emanates energy, and the energy exchange is between you and the environment, and between you and the person and the environment, and your environment is maintained, and the envelope of energy is maintained around you. But if there is ... what? Fluctuations? (R) Ah! "Your awareness maintains a frequency emanation in concert with those in your environment." Hence, if your environment has a frequency that allows for a higher frequency, I mean, it always has the lower, but in some cases it can allow for higher. (L) They're talking about it being fluctuations in the environment. If somebody or something in you're environment is ... (A) But the question is - which properties of environment that we can describe in terms of ... (L) Well they're saying that the fluctuations are in V. (R) In concert with the environment. (L) And in concert with people who are in the environment. In other words, something is breaking up and you are no longer frequency bonded to the people in the environment in the same way; there is a fluctuation there. What is it called when you add too much energy to something? It becomes unstable. Your reality construct is unstable. That's what I would say. (R) You have a bigger marble that you can fit in a bigger hole if the hole happens to be there. (L) Right.

**A:** Rejoice! You are growing out of your shoes.

**Q:** (L) Your feet don't fit anymore! You need new shoes!

**A:** Basis: shoes.

**Q:** (V) Okay. Perspective is a word that has been coming up a lot, so I am going to go ahead and ask about this. We all live in the same world, but yet we view our environment, what is going around us differently. One time a few years ago I was with a psychic counselor, so to speak, a woman named P, and she insisted that in her world the Rainforest was not being degraded ...

**A:** STS tend to make such statements because of denial of the very principle just described.

**Q:** (V) We were sitting there, and I was whining about how bad humans treat the earth - this was when I was studying Environmental Science - and she was just insisting that, in her world, the Rainforest was just fine. And you know, I was just sitting there looking at her, and I just couldn't believe what she was saying was the truth. And I thought, "okay, is this woman traveling back and forth between realms or realities or what is the deal?"

**A:** She was abnegating any response ... ability.

**Q:** (V) Well you know I stopped going and seeing those psychic people awhile ago. [Laughter.]

**A:** Good plan! Hang out your own shingle and let them come to you!

**Q:** (V) I don't know about living the life of a psychic. (L) I think it was a joke. (V) Ah yeah, because I'm thinking, "no way am I doing that!" (R) But the thing is, when that woman said, "in my world the Rainforest is okay," it means she had already made a judgment that ... (V) Yeah, that she was somehow in a better place than I was. (L) Well it was also making a judgment against the wisdom of the universe. It avoids the understanding that if the Rainforests are dying maybe there is a reason for it. (R) Exactly. All there is are lessons. (V) Well you know it was funny because I was taking a Geology course at the time and we were supposed to go on a diving trip down to South Florida, and it got stopped by a hurricane. But before that, this so-called psychic told me she could see me going down there, following her healing reccommendations, and all the dead coral would come back to life.

**A:**  When the universe is ready to revive dead coral, you can bet it will revive.

**Q:** (V) Well I thought that was a pretty tall order for me to be taking care of it all by myself. To get back to the perspective thing, personal perception ...

**A:** Frequency envelopes are realms, however they are "in concert," which implies a degree of scripting at some level. Some members if the orchestra do not play well. Some do not play in tune. Some are out of synch. Others expect the one next to them to play their part.

**Q:** (R) Which makes even more sense that in 4D STS and STO don't like to mix because if they do they would play completely out of synch. (L) Very bad music. (V) Is it like my frequency envelope is my consciousness, the representation of my consciousness? (R) No, frequency envelopes are realms. (V) Okay, so I'm a realm unto myself? (JN) You are Queen of your realm. (L) But your realm is part of an orchestra which means that it emanates a sound - you are giving off a sound - you are playing your part; and either you play it well or you do not. (R) But even if you are playing it well ... (L) Those around you may not be. (R) Exactly. So that's also kind of a reason why 3D is such a low density because there is so much canceling out. I mean if you put a lot of 3D guys that are STS oriented in one place and if you put STO people in another place, physically, then there would not be as much canceling out. So you wouldn't need as much awareness individually to make use of higher frequencies because you could have an orchestra. (V) Because you would be gathered together harmoniously. (L) You can have an orchestra. Okay, quick one: Is anything going to happen in 2003 like an appearance of the planet Nibiru or Planet X or anything of any particular interest?

**A:** Find out!

**Q:** (L) They're not going to give us a clue. (R) Can I continue on the previous subject? So in relation to frequency envelopes and bonding of awareness to perception, I was wondering if that related to creating the conduit. The C's have said that you were creating conduit here? (L) Um-hmm. (R) Okay, could it be the case that frequency resonance of all who are here together with you is because of the resonance makes it easier, it lowers the amount of energy needed from the environment to make ...

**A:** The orchestra is able to produce greater volume when in concert.

**Q:** (R) Right. So, is this concept - in this sentence that says "the orchestra is able to produce greater volume when in concert" - is that what is meant by creating a conduit?

**A:** Close. Frequency envelope has many applications.

**Q:** (R) Could you outline some of those applications? Is that too vague? (V) It sounds pretty particular to me. (R) Yeah, but it has many applications and such a conduit would have such many applications, one of which I assume we are using now.

**A:** For but one example: Joshua and the "Walls of Jericho."

**Q:** (R) Of course. So they used a conduit meaning a resonance of an orchestra of people to bring down the Walls of Jericho.

**A:** More or less, though it was not Jericho.

**Q:** (R) Okay, but the principle applies. (V) Since you are using this orchestra metaphor what kind of instrument are each of us?

**A:** V\*\*\*\* wants to be a flute. RO: French Horn. Laura: Harp. BT: Tuba. JN: Piano. MN: Glockenspiel. Ark: Violin.

**Q:** (V) Thank you, that was fun. (R) I have a question. If not the walls of Jericho then the walls of what?

**A:**  Seek Atlantean events for the roots of myths.

**Q:** (R) Okay, I got you. {Laura sings: Joshua Fought the Battle of Jericho ... } (R) Okay, let's ask about the computer program we have been working on. [Ark and RO, a java expert, had spent the previous week working on creating this program program, based on Schrödinger's equation and Ark's Event Enhanced Quantum Theory. The program simulates graphically scattering, interference, and collapse of quantum probability waves.] The graphical artifacts that we are seeing in the program are they actual or are they caused by numerical problems or errors in the program?

**A:** Numerical serendipity is more like it.

**Q:** (A) What, what? (L) I think "serendipity" is a pleasant discovery, from a story about the Land of Serendip. (R) Okay, so, is it something that we should investigate or should we focus on other things?

**A:** Absolutely. Remember the Benzene Ring. Idea structure was seen first, then followed explication when application was realized.

**Q:** (R) If we can see some application of it then it will be such that we can back engineer it and figure out the cause of it. Now we are just looking at it in terms of what is it? What is it doing? What is it? But if we can see some application ... (A) Well we see one application, a screen saver. [Laughter.] (R) I think maybe we should find some more interesting application, but it is a good principle to find an application of it because that's what can lead us back to what it is. (A) Yeah, that's true. Well, can you help us with what is the application, give us some direction?

**A:** Think of the Benzene "Ring."

**Q:** (R) Is that only used in chemistry? Or is it used in math as well? (L) Do you know the story of the Benzene Ring? (R) No. I only heard about it in chemistry. (M) The story of the Benzene Ring is the guy that came up with and applied to chemistry, dreamed of a snake biting its tail and rolling along, and so he applied that to benzene molecular structure which is double bonds and a single bond sequence. (R) So that seems to mean that we are on the right track by trying to see if there is something there. (L) Maybe the key is the word ring. (A) No you see, what is mysterious, the fact that things are forming, okay, it is discrete structure, numerical errors, roundings, you know all kinds of these artifacts. But, the fact that they look like three dimensional spirals - even if they are created in one dimension - I have no explanation. I don't even have an idea how to explain why would they ever create these spirals? Where are these extra dimensions coming from? I have no idea. (MN) Still, there is no application unless you can solve it.

**A:** Ring.

**Q:** (R) Yes, because it's a cycle. It's what was said before. It's like a loop. (L) Well let me ask this - you've got it moving back and forth between two barriers right? Can you make the ends connect? (R) Yes. But then nothing happens because then it just moves and moves and moves, it is just the initial shape moving out and coming in another. So nothing happens the only thing ... (M) The wave doesn't change. (R) Exactly. So it only happens when it has to react with a barrier. (L) Uh huh. (R) That's the only time it happens because that's what's causing ... (B) Could the barrier represent a density? (R) It could, yeah, actually.

**A:** Double loop.

**Q:** (R) Double loop, yeah, exactly. (MN) Double helix? (R) Yeah, because it's looping ... because if you look at the 3D part of it it's not a spiral, it's a cone. (A) Right. (R) Because it is spiraling like that, and if you increase the resolution, then it will be a perfect cone which is moving like that at the same time it is moving like that. [Demonstrates with hand gestures.] And it is moving like that because of balance - because it has to be from an equal amount [of energy] on either side. (V) It builds it from itself? (R) Yeah the thing is like this, if you have a packet of energy going like this and it meets a boundary, either it can fold up like that - just under its own pressure - and then spring back. Or, it can utilize the extra dimensions and coil. Like if you have a string and you just do like that, it won't be at one point. So I think it's the same thing here. But how to find out? We need to have some algorithm for the third dimension for this folding. (A) Um-hmm. (V) What if there is indeed something happening there that you're not seeing? Like we were talking about at the beginning of the session here: that you can't know what you can't know because you can't see it because it's veiled? What are the possibilities that there is something else happening there to be discovered or uncovered? (R) And I think that it seems like the only reason it is manifesting is because the wave is hitting an obstacle. So, the third dimension - it was always there as a possibility - but it didn't manifest until the wave hit an obstacle. So the obstacle, in effect, is creating the additional dimension. It was always there but it didn't manifest until an obstacle was put into the wave's path.

**A:** Consciousness energy directors.

**Q:** (R) Exactly. Because if the wave is hitting an obstacle, if it just follows mechanics, it's going to fold up because that's the law. But, if you have consciousness interacting with the energy, then it can say, "hey look it is more efficient if you don't fold up, it is more efficient if you utilize this extra dimension, because there is then less pressure in the wave if you are using this extra dimension." But you need that consciousness to kind of say, "hey look there is this extra dimension that you can utilize." And it has to say how to utilize it because it has to choose a direction to start folding into. (B) If our consciousness defines the parameters of third density, could the barriers on either side of the wave represent the barriers of the outside parameters of third density which causes this continual looping back and forth? And it may be doing something else in a different density that doesn't have those barriers?

**A:** Frequency resonance envelope.

**Q:** (R) Exactly, it makes total sense. So frequency resonance envelopes are realms. And our program shows that the only time interesting things happen to a wave is when it hits an obstacle. And it only manifests the extra dimension if someone helps the wave to choose which way to start folding out into the extra dimension. So if densities in effect are frequency resonance envelopes, which exist as obstacles, that waves of energy can resonate within ... yeah, exactly ... that makes kind of sense. (JN) What if the level of consciousness is the barrier? (R) Yeah, exactly. Consciousness energy directors, and the more awareness you have the more possibilities you can see to direct the energy. (JN) The less obstruction. (R) Yeah, or you can choose this ... (V) You say you believe something because it's the law, but ... (R) Yeah, because those are the parameters that you see, but the more awareness you have, the more you see, the more you can find, then you can know dimensions that you can escape into. You have the box, you say it's closed, we can't get out of it. But if you have more awareness, you can say, "well there's some other dimension out of the box that we can use." Do I make sense?

**A:** You are going in the right direction ...

**Q:** (R) Which is of course, kind of humorous since they just talked about consciousness as energy directors and we are going in the right direction. So we are directing the energy in a conscious way towards the right frequency resonance envelope. (L) I'm glad you know what you're talking about. (JN) Now don't anyone lick that envelope and seal it up! (R) Okay, well this makes sense. So the basic concept to recap is that densities are frequency resonance envelopes in the same way that the barriers in our program are barriers. We have modeled densities on a computer program. Densities are envelopes. Frequency Resonance Envelopes. You have energy bouncing back and forth and without conscious directing of that energy it's not going to utilize anything more than the paths that are kind of obvious - the default. But as soon as you start to direct that energy, you can direct it in such a way that it exceeds the envelope. (J) So think outside the envelope. (R) Exactly because you are redefining the envelope. You are finding bigger and bigger slots.

**A:** Prime numbers show the door.

**Q:** (R) It's perfect. So in the simulation, the spirals seem to always be prime numbers. We have 3, 5, 7, 11, 19 - I think we have seen at some point. (A) Two is also prime number (laughter). (V) But not a 13? (R) I think we have seen 13. It depends on what parameters you set. I think we can find pretty much any prime number depending on the values. (A) I don't believe it. (R) He doesn't believe it. (A) No. It is a hypothesis. (R) Is the number of apparent spirals always a prime number?

**A:** Ark is not right on the money.

**Q:** (A) I am. I will show you! (B) Does that mean he's close? (R) You can't be close. Either it's prime numbers or it's not. (A) What did they say that I am not right? Right? (R) Right, exactly. (A) Okay, I will show you guys. (L) How are you going to show them? (A) We will do an experiment and we will show that it's not prime numbers. And the C's will have to recant! [Laughter.] But there are many other ways in which prime number can come into this game and probably they are coming into this game and it will be very nice to find this out.

**A:** Find out, in deed.

**Q:** (L) Well that's kind of a pun, find out "in deed" - by doing. (R) We are on a very, very interesting path here because we just defined what a density is. It's a frequency resonance envelope. (A) The question is frequency of what?

**A:** Yes, of those in the orchestra.

**Q:** (L) So it is by agreement. (A) What is by agreement? (L) To be in the orchestra, frequency resonance envelope. (B) Not only to be, but to play within those parameters. (L) Who gets to pick what gets played?

**A:** Ah! There's the rub!

**Q:** (B) That means it's up for grabs. Which is why they're interested in us grounding a certain frequency resonance so STS doesn't.

**A:**  No, you don't get to pick the selection at this level. But you in the future does. The question is: How well do you play, and can you play true if the others don't?

**Q:** (M) That's the second time they said that. (R) Yeah, okay, so in essence, that means what we are doing now is assembling the orchestra before the concert, and tuning the instruments. (L) Have you ever sat in the concert hall when they were getting ready, warming up? (J) It's chaos. (L) It is. (R) But after awhile it starts getting tuned. But that's what this is all about - the whole Cassiopaean Communication. Were not playing yet. We're just tuning. (L) Yeah. (JN) So if our level of consciousness creates the barriers of where this wave can go and how it behaves, can we ... (R) No, No. No. Excuse me for interrupting. Our level of consciousness doesn't create the barriers, it's only aware of those barriers. It can see, okay, what are the barriers: "oh these are the barriers. I can see, okay. So here's what I get to play." But if your awareness grows, then you get to see an array of barriers. "Okay I want to play with this bigger one. I can play with the smaller ones if I want to, but I have the awareness to see other barriers that are more extensive." (L) I think that the concept that we have a hard time grasping is that - going with the analogy - the musical selection is made, more or less. We at some level - us in the future - have chosen what instrument to play, what part to play. And so, the options that we really have now are: how well we play, how loud we play, how in tune we play with others; can we practice, can we stay in tune, can we do any numbers of these things? And even if we find ourselves sitting next to some jerk who can't carry a tune, and whose instrument is all screwed up, can we still continue to play true? Because even though the rest of the orchestra, being heard from a distance, may sound quite melodic, because we are sitting next to this guy who can't play, it is possible for us to be distracted - pulled off track - and then to distract the guy on the other side of us, leading to general chaos. (R) It's about focus. (L) Yeah. I'm getting tired. (A) I have still a question, because all the discussion around this computer modeling, whether it can be helpful or should be developed, or can lead to something; and all these spirals and barriers; they are all about, it's a standard, there are no events, there are no detectors yet. My idea was that it is the detectors which make events which make the wave collapse. Until now, in all our simulations, there is no collapse and no jumps. And yet we speak about consciousness, while there is this other concept that it is consciousness that makes the wave collapse. Okay. So I see a contradiction and I don't know how to get out of this contradiction. There is no collapse, and yet there was some encouragement that what we have relates to ...

**A:** The music is on the page long before it is played.

**Q:** (R) So, when the orchestra starts playing you have the musical notes, the timing instructions. Right. So it's the same music. You can play over and over again. But the difference is how well the orchestra plays and how well it is tuned. Okay, so one implication can be that ...

**A:** The FRE is the notes on the page. It is the selection. The "playing" constitutes "events." Frequency resonant envelope: FRE.

**Q:** (R) So when you're starting out, you have a small orchestra, you play simple notes. (L) Kinda like first density. (R) Exactly. As you get better at playing you get the bigger orchestra, you get more instruments, you have to be more careful about having them in tune because otherwise ... (L) And you get more notes. (R) And you get more notes. But the playing constitutes events. It's one thing to have an orchestra, it's another to have it tuned. (L) Alright, let's think about this FRE idea and this application of it and then take it back to V's original questions about it. FRE is emanated and maintained in concert with the environment and others ... (R) Well, it is also bonded to the perception through awareness, right? (L) Okay. (V reads back from the notes) "Your awareness maintains a frequency emanation in concert with your environment. When there are fluctuations in bonding of another, the fluctuations create discontinuities." (R) So a discontinuity would be a quantum jump, for example, yes or no?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (R) But this requires that you have an orchestra that is well tuned. Because if you don't have it well tuned, it's not resonating so it doesn't matter if the ... (V) So the orchestra's not going to make the music in fourth density. (R) Exactly. So you have the concert hall, the audience is there, you have the notes, but the orchestra is not in tune, so you get bad music. If the orchestra is not in tune, which is why it is important to ...

**A:** Sing "Goodnight Ladies," Yes?

**Q:** (L) Anybody have any wrap up questions? (R) Yeah. I have one completely unrelated. (L) Go ahead. (R) It relates to this girl I was communicating on the net. I was just wondering if she was just doing all of that {crazy manipulating} on her own or if she was just being helped.

**A:** FRV robot. You will encounter many more in times to come.

**Q:** (L) FRV Frequency resonance vibration. (R) The question still is: if she was doing it on her own or if she was being controlled. (L) Well, FRV robots are being controlled. They can download an agent into anybody at any time. (V) Let me ask real quick, what was that man at the grocery store on the 12th of February that I knew was watching and following me?

**A:** The warning!!!

**Q:** (J) What did he do? (B) Yeah, what happened? (V) Somebody was following me ... but why?

**A:**  Remember discontinuities occur when frequencies are no longer in synch.

**Q:** (R) So as long as you aren't in synch you cannot stay at the fixed position. (J) You don't go to the grocery store. (R) No. You get out of synch with ... what?

**A:** Who shares your reality?

**Q:** (V) Are you talking about in my home?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (V) Wait, wait, wait. Is this like what I was talking to Laura about the movie projector failing and lurching and messing up the sequence and he was like a mess up in the sequence?

**A:** Let us just say that the slide got stuck.

**Q:** (V) One of my slides, or somebody else's slide? (R) At some point we should do the money thing, just to keep it in mind. (L) What do we want to ask about the money thing? (V) What's the money thing? (L) Well we have an issue that we have to make money soon because we have been going without an income for a year. We are running out of our reserve, and they keep telling us money will come and I would like to know from what direction.

**A:** Just keep output increasing!

**Q:** (L) Output of what?

**A:** Energy.

**Q:** (A) We have to work harder. (L) Can we? (R) Is it possible? (J) Just give up sleep! (L) Right! (V) Output, energy. Is that physical energy or creative energy?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (R) Yeah, because creative energy is going into things that will be physically done, so ... (V) Laura you're tired. (L) Well I've been up since early this morning. (V) We could sit here and just keep going, but the fact remains that you're tired. (L) I know. (V) So, we got to stop sometime. (L) So what do we want to finish up with? Is there anything that we need to know that we didn't ask, consider it asked?

**A:** Money will come!

**Q:** (V) Does this work for me also?

**A:** With increase of output!

**Q:** (R) Is the money going to come in terms of selling things or as research funds? There's more options of course or is it any of those two?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (R) Okay, is it going to come in terms of research funds?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (B) You've go to ask the other. (L) We know it's not going to come from selling anything because we're losing our shirts selling these books. (B) Ask is it. (L) Is it going to come from selling the book?

**A:** Not likely.

**Q:** (R) Who will be doing the funding?

**A:** Paul.

**Q:** (L) I don't know anybody named Paul. (V) I thought for sure they'd say wait and see. (J) Well that's a perfect set-up for STS, they could send anybody in here named Paul and you'd just kiss their feet. (R) Either drop it or make it precise, because Paul is bad.

**A:** Drop it. Anticipation.

**Q:** (L) Well you see they know that I would never believe Paul just because they said so. Forget it. It's a joke. Alright let's say goodnight. [Everyone says goodnight and thank you.]

END OF SESSION

