## July 31, 2002
Laura, Ark, Brainwave, Matthew, Perceval, SM1

**Q:** (L) Hello

**A:** Hello

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Poronia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Hello men of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Alright, I guess somebody ought to ask a question. (Brainwave) Why men?

**A:** Hello Brainwave of Cassiopaea!!!

**Q:** (Laughter) (Brainwave) Long time.

**A:** No Cs!

**Q:** (Laughter)

**A:** Get it?! Hello Matthew of ?

**Q:** (M) Wow! That's a good question for me too, I guess. Wow, that's one I don't know. (Brainwave) Let's do that. (M) Well I've never been to Cassiopaea. Hello. (L) Okay, I want to ask a question. What is the energy behind this Zulu guy?

**A:** He has a valid connection, however there is a lot of static around him.

**Q:** (L) Is the static coming from either of those two guys that were with him?

**A:** No! They follow his lead.

**Q:** (S) What does a valid connection mean?

**A:** His source.

**Q:** (S) Is that Credo Mutwa?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Brainwave) So all his theory about this Light Warrior thing may have some kind of credibility?

**A:** In a sense, but not precisely in the way thought. Groups of people represent energy portals in cosmic rather than global terms.

**Q:** (S) Does that mean that we are seeing him as a force that was a representative...

**A:** Light warriors are "connectors" on a cosmic level.

**Q:** (L) Connectors between what and what?

**A:** Transducers of energy of transition rather like capacitors!

**Q:** (L) What's a capacitor? (M) It's an electrical way of collecting and dumping a flowing charge; a way of accumulating charge and releasing it later in a sudden burst of energy. You can send enormously strong pulses from capacitors by putting in small amounts of energy over a long period of time. They used to be called accumulators. (Perceval) What transition?

**A:** Transition of your sector of space/time.

**Q:** (Brainwave) So are they accumulating energies and is it at a particular point that we may need help to transition they...(S) Give us the energy necessary, is that what you mean?

**A:** Partly. It will depend on how much awareness you manage to generate to direct the energy.

**Q:** (Brainwave) It's like he was right. (A) So for these capacitors (Perceval) Partly. (L) Zulus, Light Warriors. Is this a genetic function?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (Brainwave) What do we want to say on this? (L) You know they throw you something you don't expect and what do you do? You have all your little preconceived notions and you have it all figured out and you think you're going to get a little confirmation and then they toss you something that says uh-uh. (S) Well this is a whole new concept...well not really. (Brainwave) Well they are more in tune with the Earth so, and they say it's the awareness they manage to generate. So if we don't generate this awareness they're going to transduce a different kind of energy? (L) They'll tranduce into STS I guess. The energy is free it's just...(S) It just depends on our awareness. (Brainwave) Yeah because STS needs light also. (S) So should we ask does it...(Brainwave) Depend on how much awareness we generate?

**A:** They can be "food for the moon" or food for the soul.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Well, God they've been food for the Moon for a long time. (L) So has everybody else. (S) It's the same for all of us though, so is there anything special about them or different than anybody else?

**A:** Absolutely.

**Q:** (Perceval) So their genetics...it's a function of genetics... (A) I would ask if there is any other say nation or tribe of similar make-up? (S) Yeah, maybe there's a tribe in every section of the world, or something.

**A:** There is a "spectrum" as Mouravieff suggests, however the Zulu compose a sort of "drone" tone.

**Q:** (S) So is this something they do deliberately or is it something unconscious?

**A:** It is a function of the 4th density energies they "represent."

**Q:** (A) Okay, so it is a drone tone. That is the main tone which is foundational to the harmonics. You build the music on this infrastructure, so to say. (L) There's the drone, there's the bass, there's the melody. (Brainwave) Listen to his voice, what does his voice sound like to you? I don't know...(Perceval) Yeah, there is a resonance. (Brainwave) Yeah, in his voice. (Perceval) They said a spectrum as in Mouravieff, the spectrum of the genetics able to carry light or to act as a light for transition. I'm not really sure on how that...(L) I think they're talking about a soul tone. (Brainwave) That singing that they do, that special kind of singing is it symbolic of that drone tone.

**A:** Indeed, as is all of reality symbolic of things at other levels and "depths" of being.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Okay, think of the Lion King and that singing and what it induces and when you hear that humming. (A) I would ask if there is anything we should pay specific attention to important with these guys, if there is some caution?

**A:** Be sincere and direct and see what transpires.

**Q:** (S) I guess that would mean that you would say that you're a little nervous about the whole thing and you're not sure what's up. (L) Yeah.

**A:** Also tell them that "yes, the ancestors are also the future selves." Those are specific terms that carry meaning unfamiliar to your cultural context.

**Q:** (Perceval) He mentioned the ancestors...(Brainwave) Well ancestors are a big part of their culture. (S) Right, so you're a...bridge between two cultures I guess. (L) What is the static around and where does it come from in Zulu's environment?

**A:** There are certain people around him who interfere with cultic thought patternings. He will know who.

**Q:** (S) So he's not totally aware but once you point it out to him he will know. So he's being deliberately distracted from what he's supposed to do. He's got an insider agent. (S) It could be his daughter. If we ask the C's about it maybe it'll know because she was so off putting with every key word that we know to look for agents. (L) Well I don't think it's our business, that would be prying into someone's private business...(group discussion) (L) Alright, what about G and P?

**A:** Here we find a more subtle and complex situation. The watch word is "caution."

**Q:** (Perceval) They did seem subtle and complex, intellectually... (Brainwave) Oh yeah, good cop, bad cop. (A) Okay, I would say what kind of caution, caution directed especially at what? (Brainwave) The monetary issue?

**A:** Do not relinquish any significant control. End subject.

**Q:** (Brainwave) You know he was talking about helping you publish and she might know someone who might know someone. (S) Don't like; don't do like you did with VB - gave him control of publishing the book. Don't do anything similar. And the "end subject" is like this is all you want to know right now. (Brainwave) Yeah, it might be dangerous to know more. (A) Well let's ask, is P an agent?

{Planchette spirals momentarily}

**A:** Since you asked...(group laughter) let your imagination be your guide.

**Q:** (S) Talk about an open ended answer. They've expanded on 'open', so... (group laughter) (Brainwave) Well we thought she was the handler.

**A:** Try "fondler."

**Q:** (Brainwave) Well you know like they said the Soviets would hire females to seduce men to get info. (L) Is there any kind of insight included in this situation that involves pre-cognition or time travel awareness?

**A:** See previous answers.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Our imagination. I think they're gently urging us to leave it alone. (S) And when they talk about it's much more subtle and complex... (L) Actually the funny thing is the term "fondler" has, in my mind, a very specific meaning and I don't know if that was targeted at my thought about the term fondler. Is that 'fondler' - in, no that's just too silly. (Perceval) What is your perception of the term ? (L) Well actually it's funny because I asked y'all the other day if anybody ever read the book Marco Polo, it's like a semi-fictional account of Marco Polo's time in China. Did any of you read it? (nobody in the group had read it) And it's funny because the term fondler is out of that book.

{Tape stops for group discussion. Laura explains the 'fondler' from the book: the term being applied to the torture master of the court of the Khan.}

**Q:** (L) Why did nearly all of us, if not all of us, get no ...? Maybe I shouldn't even ask any more. It's like maybe I don't want to know. (Perceval) What were you going to ask? (L) Why none of us got any definitive sensation one way or another from either of them about anything, they were like neutral.

**A:** By design.

**Q:** (S) By design is like by design of somebody organizing something but it's by design because these are created, designed individuals?

**A:** End subject.

Q (Brainwave) Let's end it (the group agrees). (A) So we don't want to know more than we know, right? (Brainwave) Our imagination is enough. (S) Let your imagination run wild. (A) But that means because it means Steve C\_\_\_ was right (group laughter).

**A:** It takes one to know one.

**Q:** (Brainwave) This is a heavy subject. (S) Yes, and ALEX?

**A:** Lost soul.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Yeah, that was an image. That's so sad. (Perceval) But that's saying that their saying that it takes one know one. (S) No, no, that's on Alex. (L) Steve C\_\_ was...(S) Steve C\_\_\_ recognized P as the agent. (Group) And that's it takes one to know one. (S) And this is on Alex. (M) Can Alex read anything in the material that can particularly...(Brainwave) Help him. (M) Maybe reading's not enough but...it's probably something else in his life. (L) Okay, anything thing that Alex can do, that he can read...

**A:** He has to choose.

**Q:** (S) So it's up to him. (L) Did anybody get the impression that he hadn't read the material? (Brainwave) No. (S) He didn't know much of the material. (L) Oh! (S) So it seems like he's wildly striking out for something and...(L) Just anything...just kind of like wandering around. (S) So if he asks we can be ready for him and until he asks there's nothing we can do. (Brainwave) What did he keep asking you about? (L) I can hardly remember, I mean he was asking questions and I dealt with those questions when I was talking, so...(M) You have to remember he mentioned that you'd introduced the poker set into the fire in the spirit release that you did with Sara. That was the only thing I heard him say.

(Perceval) He asked you if it was an interference to do that. (L) Right. No because it was implied, I mean...(Perceval) It's not germane to the question, is it? (S) Did they answer your question about if there were other groups like the Zulus? (A) Yeah, we learned that there is a whole spectrum of them, but the main tone is from Zulu and they are this harmonic, like the color of the sound and so on. (L) Alright, anybody got any other questions we need to...(M) Well one has to do with personalities and it doesn't mean to be self-centered. They said: 'Matthew of ?' Is it that I'm in a position of choice or is it that my reviewing of the sessions is too grumpy, too slow, too dim, or...it's got to be a direct question not all mixed up, but that would help the crew get that question mark or explain what it means. Is it similar a choice matter or...

**A:** He who sits on fence gets splinters.

**Q:** (M) That is so true.

**A:** And they can be particularly nasty when one jumps off in haste upon realizing that fence sitters are prime targets for snipers.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Steve C\_\_\_ and your experience. The C's zeroed in on you. (S) Right. (M) Here the conference is astonishing, but I'm alerted that the answers are appropriate for other people too. I'm thrilled by that, it's not personal, that's a general...(everyone speaking at once) well of course it's a position of choice, but Alex must be vulnerable too.

**A:** He hasn't even approached the fence to obtain a clearer view.

**Q:** (M) Alright, well, I get a clearer view, but then it's risky. Well that figures. (Brainwave) It doesn't necessarily mean it's you.

(M) But the question was is Alex at risk and apparently he's not. (L) In the same way, right.

(A) Alex was mainly asking me which book he should read to learn something about quantum theory and blah, blah.

(L) Well, he's young. Not terribly surprising.

(Assorted group comments) Lost soul. Flailing about. Looking for himself.

(S) Which direction should we go?

(Perceval) Just want to understand that when sitting on the fence you realize you're a target because you're sitting on the fence without fully deciding one way or another and then you jump off too quickly, does that mean in a way that you should stay on the fence?

(Brainwave) They can be nasty...

(S) It means you don't have the safety of the network when you're on the fence.

(Perceval) But if you jump off in haste, when you realize that you are a prime target for snipers...

(S) Are you in or are you out? When you get off you need to know which side you're getting off on.

(Brainwave) Because they can be particularly nasty.

(L) I would say it applies to the idea of getting off the fence deliberately and carefully...rather than sitting there so long somebody finds you and shoots you off.

(M) I have been doing this but I didn't think I had a clear view. I find reading the sessions, discussions, things about the German genetics, the predisposition to brutality... I live in Germany and it tears me apart. It's all kinds mixed up. I never thought... it appears that they said that I do have a clear view or the fence sitters do...

(L) Well there's a view and there's wishful thinking. (S) But it was also, wasn't it in a sense of Alex doesn't have any kind of a clear view and...

(Brainwave) Well they said Matthew has to make the choice cause they said "Matthew from ?" the question mark is to be a choice, I would presume.

(M) I didn't believe I had a clear view, but presuming it's so, as an example, was it the case that they went back into the 1980's and set up fortune tellers and fixed future ideas and stories of marriages and children and sort of hitting weak spots in some sort of seduction...

(L&I) They who?

(M) Oh I don't know who. That's another point. I was kind of hoping Steve would...

(Brainwave) You keep talking about 'they' but I don't understand...

**A:** That is SOP for STS.

**Q:** (M) Okay, so I did spot it.

(Brainwave) Well you weren't sure because you kept saying Steve C\_\_\_ did this and that. You know what he's about, so forget him.

(M) Well I had a thought that - well, there's more than I could share with you - the thought was, you see, I thought I had this fixed future, and Steve C\_\_\_ comes along and says: 'you gotta be a templar, you've got to leave your job in November,' and the bells went clanging...

(Perceval) Sniping at you, eh?

(M) But I've been used in the past as well.

**A:** You have so many buttons that they play you like a concertina.

**Q:** (M) Okay, how can that be solved? By hypnotism or spirit release therapy? What to make that less risky so the decision making process is better, improved...

**A:** Think like a hammer.

**Q:** (M) Well, alright. I've done it briefly, only briefly in the past, but...

**A:** No pain no gain.

**Q:** (M) Good general tips for everybody, it's nice the way they answer that. Why wouldn't I just... choosing seems to be obvious because the approaches of these beings, these attempts, feel obnoxious...

(Brainwave) That's a button!

(L) Concertina Man! (group laughter).

(M) Yeah, all these buttons. Okay so think with a hammer. They didn't say spirit release therapy or anything.

(Brainwave) You need to find out what the buttons are.

(L) And work. There's work. I would say thinking about spirit release and all that stuff is looking for an easy way out. Did you ever stop to think that all these little emotional things that get pushed in you, they're just simply emotional programs and you have to master them? I mean you can't just get hypnotized and toss them out and think there's somebody else that's going to do the work for you.

(M) What a great point. Maybe Steve C\_\_\_ was seeing something. He keeps saying he's told to say things. Maybe there's a reason. Maybe I had a spirit attachment and somebody could say it was an old Knight Templar (everybody talking and laughing at once)

(L) Can't you just say that the whole line that Steve C\_\_\_\_ fed you is a crock of sh*t. Just say it: 'there's evil people out there that push my buttons' and let it go at that?

(Brainwave) Find out what your buttons are.

(L) That's a crock. It pushes your buttons and makes you start going around in these uhahuhahuh, and it's a crock! Say after me Matthew 'There is a crock of sh*t out there and they're after me.'

(Matthew repeats and agrees)

(Brainwave) And they can only get to you if you allow that button to be pushed.

(L) Why can't you just say 'Steve C\_\_\_\_ is an agent of these negative forces and he will say anything that is designed to push my buttons. And he and anybody else, all these people who come to me and are around me, they're all snipers and they've coming and pushing my buttons.'

(Brainwave) You also have to utilize what you see.

(M) Okay there was one thing holding me up and that was, and maybe you've heard this a thousand times because you have more experience; but I look at some of the (Brainwave starts laughing and M remarks...) I'm glad you're not my sister, or maybe I'm nuts and that would be nice...

(L) Just remember I'm going to transcribe every word (ongoing laughter).

(Perceval) The thing about when Steve pushes your buttons is that he pushes a button and it works; you do the dance; you sing the song; you know what I mean. So, the answer is: just don't sing the song.

(Brainwave) I have a question. Were you guys laughing all weekend?

**A:** Let us just say that there is great joy in these "realms" and that does include "laughter."

**Q:** (Brainwave) I'm not even there yet, but God if it's like anything I felt this week, I can't wait (everybody laughs). I've never laughed this much.

**A:** Matthew, you have a very poorly developed emotional center.

**Q:** (M) Okay, hmmm. Well the obvious question is it's not acceptable. I don't accept that, you know, it's got to be quite right...

(S) Just think in small steps, don't think you're going make a leap into having a developed emotional center, you just gotta take one small step after another.

(M) Well what is most suitable: sudden shock treatment or steps or...(laughter)

(M) For example, can I ever be a worthwhile acquaintance for people that I've known in England? That's been haunting me.

**A:** You are seeking love in all the wrong places. How can you know love if you cannot bear truth?

**Q:** (M) So I've got to think with a hammer and, I can't bear truth...

**A:** Wishful thinking buffers you from truth.

**Q:** (M) Well that's what I've got to work at so...

(L) So basically you're looking for love, you want love. That's the thing you're really after. But how can you have love if you can't bear truth? Seek ye first truth and you will get love.

(A) Seeking truth means leave your delusions.

(M) Not that I can't bear it, I mean...

(Brainwave) Look within yourself.

(M) I found some truth is really or mainly just joy with amazement and then...

(L) But there is some that you can't stand. All truth is not beauty. All truth is not delight.

(A) You see the first step, as I understand, of finding truth, is realizing 'I am alone and I am responsible for everything what happens to me.' And when you understand I am alone, okay, and I am responsible and there are these snipers and they are shooting at me. Well okay you realize your situation, you are alone. Only then, you can DO.

**A:** More than anyone realizes. Remember that groups "transduce" cosmic energy. Think of the energy transmitted into your realm by your gathering.

**Q:** (Brainwave) I never laughed this much ever! Just a little snippet of what STO can possibly be like, and it's much more than we realize.

(S) Is there something special about laughter?

(Brainwave) Does it generate energy?

**A:** Pure laughter is rarely experienced in your realm. Just wait for 4th density!

**Q:** (Brainwave) Like I said I can't wait.

(S) Was the moment I had where I was laughing at myself something close to that?

**A:** Partly. It was more a releasing of blockage.

**Q:** (Brainwave) Is that in my case, I mean I couldn't stop laughing.

**A:** With Brainwave, it is different. You are already past a major block.

**Q:** (Brainwave) So what was it?

(S) I think you can pretty much guess that.

(Brainwave) Umhmm, my decision, the choice I made.

(A) I want to go back to agents and ask about the guy from room 103, what was his function, if any?

**A:** Just think of spy vs spy. There is more than one group interested in what you are doing.

**Q:** (A) And I don't want to forget, what was the symbol why our car was have this accident last night; was overheating. Was it a warning of some kind?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (A) What kind of warning, can you please tell us more?

**A:** Cant you figure that one out?

**Q:** (L) Well I would say it had something to do with all of us going to this place with these people.

(S) When did this happen?

(L) On the way home last night. (Brainwave) Who was in the car?

(L) Just us and the girls. But you see, I had a funny feeling right when they were asking about a restaurant and then I kind of stuck my foot in there and said we could all go 'cause I was thinking I'd take everybody into Tarpon Springs and I had that funny feeling that, this is the one time I did get a feeling from them, that they didn't want us to go.

(Perceval) They were going to talk about you guys.

(Brainwave) Were they going to do something to us?

(L) No. I just had the feeling they just didn't want us to go for some reason. But then they very graciously went past it and we all ended up going and as we were driving I just had this powerful, powerful feeling we just shouldn't go. But I just put it aside, I shoved it under the rug and we went. And then on our way home the car did this little routine and of course at other times there have been instances where things have overheated in my environment, you know, because things are overheating in the psychic environment. They're warm.

(S) I guess, why would they care one way or the other if everyone went?

(Perceval) They didn't want Laura and Ark to go, they wanted to get us out with them without Ark and Laura.

(Everybody talking at once)

(M) So they had to stay one more night because they couldn't get it done the day before.

(Brainwave) And we noticed that they were supposed to have gone at 12 o'clock today and they stayed.

(Perceval) They wanted to assess last night, they wanted to assess what really had happened, if anything had been achieved. They were asking each person, what did you get, what did you get, what did you get? Can anybody figure out anything, or any kind of insights, or any information.

(S) I can't imagine we gave them any information they could use.

(L) Yeah, if you remember they probably will go back and feed all this information into some kind of psychological profile and every one of you will get hit in your own specific way...

(Brainwave) I expect to get hit.

(Perceval) When I was in the car he was quizzing me about Europe, what's it like in Europe.

(M) And he's asking me to email him how the Italian and Belgium guys were poking at me about all this chasing Templars stuff.

(Perceval) Yeah, he was really pushing him.

(Brainwave) They were looking for a weak spot.

(M) They were blunt, they wanted me to write it out like a reporter. (Tape stops and starts)

(Brainwave)...tutors at work. What was that all about? The whole German...

**A:** Feeling out for later use. Now, all of you have value far beyond your own understanding to this point. It would be wise to remember this and be cautious. Go from this point with joy in this knowledge and...defend it. Good bye.

END OF SESSION

