## February 2, 2003
Ark, Laura SF-guest and Galahad

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello group from Cassiopaea.

**Q:** One of the first questions we want to ask tonight is about the event of the Space Shuttle that was lost. First, was it an explosion, or was it just disintegration, or breaking up?

**A:** It was a "direct hit."

**Q:** A direct hit by what?

**A:** EM pulse.

**Q:** (S) What was the source of the EM pulse?

**A:** 3/4th density Consortium.

**Q:** Well, I thought Bush was a puppet of the Consortium? (A) Well, we know that the military are scrambling planes to go after UFOs...there are even reports of firing on them and there have been reports of military jets being disintegrated by UFOs. The UFOs are, somehow, in cahoots with the consortium. It seems that Bush and the gang are not in control of the Consortium and maybe they needed to be "reminded?"

**A:** It is not so much that he needs to be reminded, as he needs to be stimulated to react.

**Q:** (L) You once before said that Bush knows very little anyway - or that the "White House" level is pretty much in the dark about the plans of the Consortium - even if they are carrying them out. So, you are suggesting that they are being driven by forces of which they are unaware and do not understand?

**A:** Exactly. Bush is a "reaction machine."

**Q:** (L) I would like to know about this supposed "body guard" of Saddam recently presented by MOSSAD? Was he one of Saddam's former bodyguards?

**A:** To an extent, yes. But certainly not in the way presented. Just remember this: if pilots can be conditioned to commandeer airliners that will fly into certain death, how hard is it to "Produce" a "bodyguard?"

**Q:** (L) Piece of cake to produce a bodyguard, I guess. (A) He is saying exactly what the Israelis want him to say. He is not revealing any particular data that counts. It is just general things. Anybody could say such things and be called a "bodyguard." (L) Exactly. Okay, you say that an EM pulse brought down the shuttle. (A) Where did the EM pulse come from?

**A:** From space based satellite.

**Q:** (A) Does NASA know about the cause?

**A:** There are some who suspect.

**Q:** (L) Which explains why they are so anxious to convince everyone that it was NOT sabotage. Like Wellstone's death, there was "no question" about it being a terrorist attack. The likelihood is that the Bush Junta was behind Wellstone's death. In both cases they "know" the cause and want to divert the attention away from it. But, in the case of the shuttle, they aren't "dirty," but they most definitely do NOT want anyone to realize that they also are not "in charge." It makes me think of the remark the C's made a few years ago about the reason for the Military Industrial Complex build-up and manipulations. C's said that the REAL enemy is "out there" and that war was just a "cover" to prevent the masses from realizing what they were really doing. Maybe Bush and the gang are really convinced, in their own minds, that they are acting to "protect" humanity from this threat. Meanwhile, they are simply being driven to fulfill the agenda of the Consortium. And it is so interesting that the shuttle broke up over Palestine, Texas... as though it was saying to Bush: this is what is going to happen to you: Palestine is going to be your destruction. But, of course, Bush would be incapable of perceiving it in that context. Is it so that a message was intended in this event?

**A:** As always, confusion is the mask.

**Q:** (L) In other words, everyone's reaction to the event will depend on their own context. There is the view that it was a "message to Bush." Bush and gang will, of course, see it only as a stimulus to faster and more "decisive" military action. So, it will really work on them the way it is wanted. (A) And of course, we wonder how they will make use of this event.

**A:** The primary effect among the masses will be shock, thus making them less resistant to Bush's policies. Still other groups will see the clear threat to Bush and Co. from their activities. Bush and Co. will, of course, seek to capitalize on the event even while remaining in the dark as to its meaning. But there most certainly is awareness among them that there is a "Maverick" element at loose. Bush has even "felt" a bit of primal fear in respect of this event.

**Q:** (L) Don has made a little expedition out to Palomar. He found the rock you had mentioned previously. He says that there was a strange hole in the rock that was obviously put there with some effort since the type of rock and the size and shape of the hole indicate that it could not have been put there too easily. He is curious about this rock. Is this the right rock, and if he was to go up there, what is he supposed to do? So, is this the right rock and who drilled the hole in the rock?

**A:** Yes. Forces from 4D STS.

**Q:** What is the purpose of the hole in the rock?

**A:** It is a sort of "wall outlet," shall we say?

**Q:** So, something gets plugged into it?

**A:** Yes. Just think of it as an antennae.

**Q:** Don has got himself some night vision glasses and he wants to go up there and scope the place out. Should he scope it out from the rock or from some other place?

**A:** If he goes, he might wish to take a position where he can observe the rock as well as other things while remaining at a distance.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we have a question from our daughter who had some strange dreams about cars that she wants to know about. What were these dreams about?

**A:** She is sorting data regarding upcoming changes.

**Q:** She also wants to know about the strange noises we have been having around the house at night.

**A:** All members of household are being bombarded with various waves and this reflects in psychic disturbances.

**Q:** Are you saying that the noises are produced by the members of the household, or by the waves?

**A:** Produced by defensive psychic EM bursts.

**Q:** (A) Defensive means that we are producing them. We are defending against something. Our household is being attacked in some way. So our defenses are electromagnetic. What sort of attacks?

**A:** Various waves.

**Q:** (A) So we are making the knocking noises. I wasn't scared when there was this knocking. (L) I wasn't either. There was no sensation of the knocking being produced by an outside source - a predator, so to say. When something comes from the outside, you always get a subliminal feeling of fear like there is an intruder. And there was none of that. (A) Right. (L) If I'd had that, I probably wouldn't have jumped up out of the bed to go see what it was! Okay, onto our research. One of the questions we would like to clear up is the issue of the Holy Grail and the Ark. Is the Ark of the covenant - the ark thing given to the early pre-Mosaic Jews that you have described previously - the same as the Holy Grail?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So there are two completely different technologies?

**A:** If you wish to term it such.

**Q:** (L) Why did they answer the question that way? What is the distinguishing thing between them? (A) Maybe 'as such' refers to the fact that you termed it 'technology.' Maybe this is not quite the correct term. Technology can be part of it, but maybe not the most important part. (Galahad) Is one an STS tool and the other an STO tool?

**A:** Yes and no.

**Q:** (Galahad) Thanks guys! That's real clear!

**A:** This is an issue that will clarify itself soon enough.

**Q:** (L) Is my idea correct that we can identify the presence of these more-or-less technologies by the architecture or art or megalithic structures of the different groups on the planet?

**A:** To some extent, yes. But do not let that be the only clue. You might consider "lifestyle" as well as the presence and uses of metals; particularly gold vs. iron.

**Q:** (L) So, we have a whole different set of clues to look at here. Alrighty then! Was what we are calling the Ark of the Covenant at Baalbek?

**A:** No. But there were certainly those who had advanced knowledge.

**Q:** (L) I hate it when they do that: blow my theory to bits. Was there a "grail faction" and an "ark faction?"

**A:** Pretty much.

**Q:** (L) Was Baalbek built by the Ark Faction or the Grail Faction?

**A:** It was Ark Faction.

**Q:** (Galahad) Well, we got that part right. (L) Once before we discussed Nefertiti and Sarah being one and the same person. We have now been discussing the idea, based on some significant clues in ancient documents, that this individual was also Helen of Troy. Is this, in fact, a useful idea to follow? Is it a correct assessment of the clues?

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (L) That would mean that, according to the story, that Paris/Alexander would be the same individual as Abraham and that Herodotus' story of Paris and Helen sojourning in Egypt was true?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) We have the brother issue to deal with. We have Abraham and his nephew, Lot. Then we have Moses and Aaron, Jacob and Esau, Isaac and Ishmael. Were all of these sets of brothers just different aspects or views on the same stories, a set of singular individuals, whether brothers or not?

**A:** Pretty much though with added elements from other stories blended in.

**Q:** (L) Was it a brother/brother relationship as in actual brothers?

**A:** No. The "brother" relationship was created to legitimize a "false" line of transmission.

**Q:** (L) So there wasn't a brother, or Aaronic relationship present, assuming any part of that story was true. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) One aspect of the variation on the story was that Jacob gave his brother, Esau, the 'blessing' and some 'gift.' Does this reflect an accurate part of the story that Moses, in his form as Jacob, passed something on to someone else's - something that was important?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it Moses/Abraham who was doing this?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Who did he pass it on to?

**A:** It was finally understood by "Moses" that the danger of the object was greater than the ability of descendants to resist corruption. He handed it over to those who had created it.

**Q:** (Galahad) Was it STS or STO forces that created it?

**A:** STS.

**Q:** (Galahad) So, the Ark was an object created by STS. Did this amount to some sort of realization on Moses' part? Did he start to wake up?

**A:** Yes. The story of the "contending with the angel" was the significant turning point as well as the moment of return.

**Q:** (L) What was the blessing he gave to quote Esau, if giving the object to the "angel" was the event of returning the ark? What was the story there?

**A:** Two separate events.

**Q:** (L) So, he returned the ark to the so-called angel. And then, he gave something to someone else. Previously, when I asked about this, you said that what he gave to Esau was "trampled leaves of wrath, the blue apples incarnate," and remarked that I should inquire into the "core meaning."

**A:** And who was "Kore?"

**Q:** (L) Was this Abraham's daughter?

**A:** It was the last living member of the Perseid family.

**Q:** (L) Was it a male or female?

**A:** Female.

**Q:** (L) And how did Abraham come to be in possession of this female?

**A:** Search the text and you will see.

**Q:** (Galahad) If this person was the last member of the Perseid family, does that mean that Paris was a member of this family?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was this person someone who was part of Abraham's group because he kidnapped her?

**A:** That is going in the right direction, though not quite that simple.

**Q:** (Galahad) They are saying that this was a female who was kidnapped? Could it be Helen?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) Previously we were told that Helen was a genetically tweaked Hittite. Were her parents anybody who would be familiar to us outside of mythology?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So her parentage was strictly mythical. Was she a member of any esteemed family or royal family along that line as has been claimed?

**A:** Here also you will make a discovery.

**Q:** (L) Going back to this person - the last living member of the Perseid family - who was handed over by Abraham in his Jacob persona to someone else, who was this person handed over to and why?

**A:** For protection from the fury of "Helen."

**Q:** (L) So, there is a reflection of that in the story of Hagar the Egyptian. Who was she handed over to?

**A:** The "Dragon Slayers."

**Q:** (L) You mentioned before that Helen/Nefertiti/Sarah was locked up by Akhenaten. Why, specifically, was she locked up?

**A:** He became unable to function and the action was taken by others.

**Q:** (L) Did Akhenaten go mad as I have surmised?

**A:** Pretty much.

**Q:** (L) Did he fall in the Nile and get eaten by a crocodile as the story about one pharaoh suggests?

**A:** No Crocodile.

**Q:** So, he just fell in and drowned?

**A:** More like he was "helped."

**Q:** (L) Sounds to me like this poor guy was just a patsy all around.

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** The story about the plague that is told in Manetho, was this a plague as in leprosy, a disease, or something else?

**A:** It was multiple elements including leprosy.

**Q:** (L) What were these different elements?

**A:** Consider the writings about cometary showers.

**Q:** (L) Was any of this radiation sickness from being around the ark as we have surmised?

**A:** Not so much since it was kept contained.

**Q:** (L) Did Helen/Nefertiti/Sarah get some sort of sickness that contributed to the necessity of locking her up?

**A:** No, in fact it was the fact that she did not get sick that made her the object of suspicion.

**Q:** (L) So, she didn't get leprosy. That means that Miriam was not part of the Helen/Nefertiti/Sarah element, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was Helen from Argo?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was someone from Argo?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** [Laughter.] (L) Well, I mean involved in this particular story.

**A:** Oh, indeed, and that may be an important clue!

**Q:** (L) In reading the texts, we read about the Libyans and Ethiopians and it seems that anybody who didn't live in the Delta was called either a Libyan or an Ethiopian. Who were these so-called Libyan/Ethiopians, who lived in Egypt and other areas of North Africa, and where did they come from?

**A:** Various identities at various times.

**Q:** (L) So, these were names applied to different peoples at different times and we would have to ask specific questions about specific groups at specific times to narrow it down. Who were the so-called "Libyans" of the Exodus of 2676 BC, recorded as a Libyan rebellion by Manetho?

**A:** Sumerian and Aryan mix.

**Q:** Did this group end up in Crete?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) You said on previous occasions that the pyramids in Egypt - that is, the Great Pyramid at Giza and its companions - were built by Atlantean descendants. We would like to know which precise group of Atlantean descendants built these specific pyramids?

**A:** Leave this one until you have connected more dots.

**Q:** (L) Is it going to surprise us?

**A:** No doubt!

**Q:** (Galahad) Is the importance of Argos related to the myth of Jason and the Argonauts?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (Galahad) Does it have something to do with the individuals who flew away on the Ram?

**A:** Mmmmm .... And did she really drown?

**Q:** (Galahad) Is it a significant fact that this girl's name was similar to Helen of Troy?

**A:** Could be a clue. All those stories of escape from confinement and flying and cataclysm...? Who was imprisoned? Why? Good night.

**Q:** (Galahad) Stories of escape - there's the story of Daedalus and Icarus... We have Colchis, Jason, the argonauts. We have the last living member of the Perseid family... all mixed up with Abraham and Sarah otherwise known as Paris and Helen who was also Nefertiti. (L) And Abraham wanted to save this individual from the fury of Helen. (S) And why was Helen furious? What happened when Helen got furious? (Galahad) A thousand ships got launched... (L) And a lot of people died and have been dying ever since from this whole monotheistic rant. And it looks like Helen/Nefertiti/Sarah is the main source of the whole deal. A Hittite hybrid with a big skull like those heads of the Ica in Peru. And the C's have said that there were hybrids in Peru that were supposed to have been attempts to create a 3rd density body for direct STS incarnation. And it looks like Sarah/Helen/Nefertiti was one of them. No wonder women have been given a bad name. We have our work cut out for us.

END OF SESSION

