# 2003
## January 18, 2003
Ark, Laura, Andromeda

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello. Pleased to see you again.

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Koroniaea.

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) We are curious about the source of the material that was sent to us by Steve C. What was he channeling with his friend?

**A:** Lies of 3rd density discarnates.

**Q:** (L) Our fund raising drive is not raising the funds we had hoped it would. We are wondering if our idea to raffle the house was going in the wrong direction?

**A:** No, because it was symbolic of commitment.

**Q:** Well then, can advertising - either the raffle itself or just the website - be done in an STO way?

**A:** Of course! Keep it simple. Ads and increasing traffic to site will bring the right parties. Even if the raffle fails, you will receive help.

**Q:** Should we persevere in the idea to move to France?

**A:** Yes, indeed. Keep living in the now with full awareness and the future takes care of itself.

**Q:** Okay, I want to point out that the stock market advice we received was a real dud.

**A:** Frank was the source of stock advice, not us!

**Q:** Well, I suspected as much. The Stock market was his obsession. He thought it was the way to make money without lifting a finger. He was always looking for ways to make money without effort. Going in another direction: I had another one of those "electrical experiences" the other day. There didn't seem to be any explanation for it. Can you tell me why I was getting shocked every time I touched anything and why those terrible dizzy spells came over me every time I walked into a store?

**A:** Ambient EM on planet. Changes in you can make you more or less of a capacitor!

**Q:** Okay, on the evening of the same day, we had a strange experience when two sets of three loud knocks were heard in the house just as we were getting settled to go to sleep. They were so loud that even the kids came downstairs to see what was going on. What was the source of these loud knocking sounds?

**A:** Laura.

**Q:** Well, if I was the source of them, what was I trying to tell myself?

**A:** Knock three times on the ceiling...

**Q:** (A) Are you joking?

**A:** We are very serious.

**Q:** We have learned that a former group member has cancer and is likely to die soon if something drastic isn't done. Is there any hope for this situation?

**A:** Not without her letting go of the bitterness inside.

**Q:** (A) I am puzzled about G and P. They seem to be so neutral and disinclined to be "followers," yet they give us so much financial support that seems to be the best help we get when we need it. How can it be that they are agents?

**A:** Would you not expect such a clever ruse?

**Q:** (A) Well, they certainly haven't asked for or gotten anything from us for their help.

**A:** Not yet. Don't you think it odd that they are selling everything to move to Europe, especially after expressing such reluctance about the idea?

**Q:** What do G and P expect to get from us?

**A:** Whatever you find there.

**Q:** Who is behind them?

**A:** Just think of it as "Illuminati" and that will get you close enough.

**Q:** Why is it that we have attracted so much interest from the "spy vs. spy" types? After all, if there is something out there they are after, why do they need us?

**A:** They cannot "see" or "draw the "sword from the stone."

**Q:** (A) It means they have some kind of knowledge, but they really can't make anything of it? Well, then there is the question. They are helping us, and they want to get something. Shall we continue and pretend that it doesn't bother us?

**A:** Absolutely. All eyes open, however.

**Q:** (L) We are a little bit curious about the strange weather. Is this the beginning of the ice age?

**A:** It is a precursor.

**Q:** (L) What is driving Bush to have his war with Iraq?

**A:** Orders. Bush knows little in any respect as to what or why he does anything.

**Q:** Is the war drama merely a play being put on to keep us all distracted and in a state of fear?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** Yet, you said the United States would be bombed, and on another occasion you said there would not be a nuclear war.

**A:** "Bombs" are not all "nuclear." And, there are "natural bombs."

**Q:** (A) I want to ask about the collapse of the World Trade Center. There is evidence of seismicity and unusual pulses that seem to have simply disintegrated matter.

**A:** Very good observation, but that does not mean human sabotage either. There were certainly "pulses." They were of a "natural" source that was "sculpted" or "shaped" and directed.

**Q:** What do you mean by a 'natural source?'

**A:** Energies of the planet artificially collected and disbursed. An artificial earthquake sort of.

**Q:** But we are still talking about technology. Where is the operational center for this type of thing?

**A:** 4th density technology.

**Q:** This we know. But there are human brains involved. What brains are behind this?

**A:** Did you ever wonder why the pentagon is a pentagon? Hint!

**Q:** Is that why they specifically included the Pentagon as one of the buildings to be hit in the 9-11 attack; to allay suspicions?

**A:** Yup!

**Q:** Are there 4th density sections to the Pentagon?

**A:** Absolutely. It is a "deep cover" kind of place.

**Q:** (A) There is this Pentagon, then there is another superpower - Russia - and still another - China...

**A:** There is only one. The U.S. just happens to be the center.

**Q:** (A) Well. (L) Maybe the heads of these other countries are all like George Bush. They don't know why they do what they do. It's all been scripted from somewhere else. (A) Question is: there is Europe - how can France or Russia or whoever, win against this kind of technology? Apparently, since there is only one center, and this center of technology is the U.S, it seems pretty hopeless.

**A:** Remember Perseus and David and Goliath. Besides, help is drawing near.

**Q:** (A) Help. (L) Sometimes I have the feeling that when they say "help is drawing near," it really means that that our "future" is getting closer and we are going to be the ones doing the helping! [Laughter.]

**A:** Close, but not all.

**Q:** (A) That means there are surprises waiting for us. (L) I think that people concentrating on the anti-war thing is a waste of time. I think they ought to be concentrating on the "impeach Bush" issue. But then, what good would it do to impeach Bush. Same thing would have happened with Gore. Until people wake up to the reality of 4th density manipulation, we are all in deep doo doo.

**A:** True.

**Q:** (L) I guess they are all gonna gather together there on the battlefield and when they are all there, something is gonna happen to scare the bayjeezus out of them...

**A:** Maybe...

**Q:** (A) The point is, that people have no choice. They are backed into a corner. The only thing they can do now is just impeach Bush. If they don't do that, there is nothing else they can do. Because if they don't do anything, they will bear the blame for doing nothing - the same way Germany did after Hitler. All the signs are here now: it is exactly like it was in 1939 in Europe.

(L) Well, anything we do, we cannot anticipate the outcome. We can't even know if it will be helpful. We just have to do what is right from one moment to the next based on what we know using our best efforts. For all we know, if we keep pushing the "impeach Bush" issue, we may end up in jail as "enemy combatants."

(A) What did we learn? That there is this help on the way. We know that we cannot quit working. We are helping the help, so to say.

(L) Well, I wrote to some people pointing out that the anti-war stance is only more divisiveness. There are people who are for the war to support Bush, and there are people who are against the war who don't support Bush. It is a question of supporting Bush. Everybody agrees that Saddam is a stinker, but they can't agree on whether how Bush is handling the matter is appropriate or not. They forget that what is happening here is that they are all being put into an oppositional stance against each other, and Bush, himself, is coming out on top clean. If they would concentrate on the REAL issues: that Bush is a liar, that he is not even our legal president, that he stole the election by nefarious means, that he is a criminal from a criminal family, making it clear and plain with facts and massive media coverage about who and what Bush really is, then the whole issue would be focused where it belongs: on Bush and the Consortium that has put him in power to serve its agenda.

But, instead of concentrating on the problem - of which Bush is only the representative, the real issue being the Consortium - people are not seeing that the whole situation is being manipulated for the benefit of the Industrial-Military Complex just as Eisenhower foresaw. Bush is only the puppet for this Consortium. If that could be seen as the real danger that it is, if they could impeach Bush - who is their creature - and get somebody into the presidency who was uncorruptible, who could kick butt and take names like Kennedy tried to do.

Well, we have learned. Kennedy didn't take the danger as seriously as he should have. If he had, maybe he could have carried through what he wanted to do: disband the CIA, tie the hands of the military, make things more equitable for the common people, enhance civil rights and civil liberties.

If we could get somebody in the White House who was smart enough to not get assassinated, and who was clean and not tied up with the consortium, things really COULD change.

(A) The problem is only in America. If America would just stand down, Saddam would be dealt with appropriately. Nobody likes the guy. He doesn't have anything. He is no danger to anybody. But Bush is a danger to the whole planet. He has created this crisis and the whole world has gone to hell in just a few months.

(L) And the reason he is able to do what he is doing - which is basically that he is going to destroy the whole damn planet - is because of the media. The media is controlled by the Jews who have only one agenda: to own all of Palestine and revenge. And so, they dangle carrots for Bush to follow without even knowing that they are signing their own death warrant. They are following the script of the Consortium which wants, above all other things, to see all Semitic peoples destroyed, and their hubris won't even allow them to see it. For that reason, the Jews have helped George Bush plunge the entire world into chaos. And they will wonder why, at the last moment, everyone hates them just as Americans will wonder why they are the most hated nation on Earth. Blind hubris.

(A) Well, there is this Game Theory, and they are employing it to the max. They are playing a game. They know where the buttons need to be pushed, to steer the delicate equilibrium where they want it.

(L)No one in the world of politics is clean. No one. They are all dirty, and if you know all the dirt, you can do what you want. As much as it seems to be a horrible thing to lay at the door of the Jews, that's where it ends up of its own. You can't help it. You follow the threads, and that's where they take you: the Zionists.

(A) So, if something comes along that destroys their game theory...the whole operation will collapse. Game theory is based on data.

(L) It's like Vincent Bridges. His whole game was based on pushing our buttons, trying to blackmail us, saying things like "I'll tell the whole sordid story." Well, guess what? I'll tell it first! I'm not perfect and I have certainly made mistakes. But nobody is going to use it to control me. If other people could do that, if they could get over their fear of being judged for making mistakes, there would be nothing that anyone could hold over their head anymore.

(A) Okay, there is Bush and his Skull and Bones. And then, there is the Illuminati. And they are looking for something. So, probably somebody behind Bush is also looking for something. So, the only way for us to help, is to work on this project. And then, hopefully, these people will halt this mass destruction hoping they will get what they are after: grail or whatever. Because if they destroy the world, they will get nothing.

(L) And then meanwhile, there is the North Korean guy - the mirror image of George Bush; everything he says and does is modeled from George Bush. It is actually comical to watch them. "I'm going to blow up the world!" "No you're not, I'm going to blow it up first! I'm going to turn America into a sea of fire." And Bush is saying "I'm going to bomb Iraq back to the stone age." "No you're not! We're going to bomb YOU back to before the Stone Age!" They are like two identical characters! Crazy! We are in a hell of a mess. Any comments?

**A:** The situation looks bleak indeed. But remember the Achilles heel of STS: Wishful Thinking.

**Q:** In this case, how is wishful thinking going to help?

**A:** There will be a big miscalculation made. It will reveal the "Man behind the curtain."

**Q:** So, we just keep doing what we are doing. And just like Bridges, they will make a mistake and reveal themselves for what they are. Is there anything else we need to know that we haven't asked?

**A:** Just keep on the path. You are doing well! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

