## August 17, 2003
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Perceval, Atriedes, Johnno, Mr. Scott, Galahad, SM1 & SM2

**A:** Peer yours! Practice makes perfect!

**Q:** And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Iorhiaea. Knowledge protects!

**Q:** And where are you transmitting though?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Long time, eh!?

**Q:** (L) Okay, who's got questions?

{Discussion: Group is stumped. Comment is made that we have been practicing non-anticipation so long that we didn't know how to ask questions anymore. }

**A:** Right! But, now you askitipation

**Q:** (L) When Montalk and Carissa were at our house there were a number of strange remarks made in response to Carissa, things like "Probe" and "reflection" and "projection". Were you trying in a subtle way to convey something about her or Montalk?

**A:** Probably.

{group laughter - comment is made that it's been such a long time that the Cs can't remember. More laughter.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, given this recent event with Montalk, can you tell us what it was that you were trying to convey?

**A:** Well, we will let you do that, learning is fun!

**Q:** (L) Well, can I ask some questions about it?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** All right you guys ask some questions.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is Montalk an agent similar to Vincent Bridges?

**A:** Now, that is an interesting question indeed! Plug in the program and let them pop.

**Q:** (A) I still want to know who or what is setting or popping these programs?

**A:** Remember Carissas' story? It points to the source. Aided by 4D influences of course.

**Q:** (L) Wow, that rhymes! (S) So is Mossad part of that?

**A:** Mossad is near the apex of the 3D consortium. The lines blur at that level.

**Q:** (Perceval) What's the relationship between the Mossad and the Rothschilds?

**A:** Mossad is a "brainchild."

{Laughter at the joke - "Rothschild" "Brainchild" - Discussion mainly Perceval) wondering whether the Rothschilds are part of the apex or if they are just useful idiots that are going to be double-crossed also. C's break in as Laura is not understanding Perceval's question.}

**A:** The lines blur. Rothchilds are similar in a smaller way to Sargon. Deep level punctuator.

**Q:** (L) What is a deep level punctuator?

**A:** One who emerges from seeming obscurity to "make a mark" on history. Don't you wonder where they come from. Think "deep."

**Q:** As in underground bases?

**A:** Well, what a concept!

**Q:** (L) Is this where Helen came from?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So no wonder nobody can figure who... Is this the story of Demeter and Persephone? Are they talking about going to bases underground in the myths of the underworld?

**A:** No. Mixing up concepts... but good try!

**Q:** (A) We have to ask about how to behave with this prefect. (L) What is going with the prefect or the persons in Auch?

**A:** This situation is complex. At the local level there exists little more than trained Bureaucrats, so think of it this way.

**Q:** (L) Well that doesn't help. (Galahad) Well it does in that it tells us that its not a conscious plot. Its just people who are caught in the local power dynamics.

**A:** Allow Grichka to guide on this one.

**Q:** (L) I could cry! The whole situation has been so stressful!

**A:** Help is on the way!

**Q:** (Perceval) Seems like the process is that we get ourselves in trouble by doing what we have to do and then help arrives. (Galahad) Is there any potential danger from J\_\_\_?.

**A:** Now, that's another one of those interesting questions that carries awareness in the very asking. Eh? Knowledge protects if utilized.

**Q:** Is this conscious on her part?

**A:** Mostly she is aware of seeking control of you, though in a "soft" way. If there is resistance, then it is not so soft. Hell and fury and all that, but always behind the back.

**Q:** (A) Well the question is who was calling J\_\_\_ and manipulating her etc?

**A:** It started with MartenJ... but the "conspiracy" is a bit more on the part of the lower level bureaucrats seeking to CYA. (Cover Your Ass)

**Q:** (Galahad) That's what we were thinking, that these people were finding themselves in a position where they were going to get black marks against them for they way the were handling the investigation. (Johnno) Is Marten blackmailing them?

**A:** In a sense, yes... (Rest of answer lost in flip over of tape)

**Q:** (L) So what was Zulu's agenda?

**A:** You figured that one out.

**Q:** (Perceval) Yeah he wanted to "cultify" us.

**A:** All of these many activities stem from the same "urge." Think about Waco and guns. Put that together with Montalk and his guns and you and the charge of "cult."

**Q:** (L) He could get us killed!

**A:** Stop and think about the possibility that your work was known in advance and all the preparations were made in advance to make the charge of cult mean what it does today.

{Group nervous laughter and shock at concept.}

**Q:** (L) Was it done via time travel?

**A:** Not necessary. "Mass dreams of the future" anyone?

**Q:** (L) That's a book where people get progressed into the future and see the future. It's kind of like time travel in your head. (Johnno) Is that sort of like remote viewing?

**A:** Oh indeed!

**Q:** (L) So they can see the future, which has something to do with the Montauk project. And they obviously sought to do something about the future by adjusting the present, in a way.

**Q:** (Johnno) Do the guys in the Aviary have anything to do with it?

**A:** You would not believe how many are involved. Many innocently of course.

**Q:** (L) We're screwed! What caused the black out (in New York area)

**A:** 4D bleed-through. That's why it was more or less pronounced to be "natural".

{Group comments that this is in fact "natural", so TPTB were not lying, for once.}

**Q:** (A) Was there a big bang?

**A:** There are many of them!

**Q:** (Perceval) How many? (Laughter)

**A:** Got a few years to take down the number?

**Q:** (Galahad) What was the year of the Narmer rebellion.

**A:** 3211 BC

**Q:** (L) The events that are being described in the "Where Troy Once Stood" book, are they fairly accurate?

**A:** Yes and No. There are many events presented as one time-wise.

**Q:** (L) Is it so that, at a certain period, Egypt was in the north of France and also the other countries; did they ever exist as the author describes them with the names he gives them?

**A:** Around 2200 BC

**Q:** So that would mean that even the Trojan war story was layered on top of the 1600 BC event. Does that (2200BC) coincide with one of the catastrophes that Baillie talks about?

**A:** Check it out

**Q:** (A) Where does background cosmic radiation come from. Does it come from one of the big bangs or many of the big bangs or some completely different source?

**A:** Dark matter.

**Q:** (L) I don't think that was one of your options. (A) well, someone on the physics newsgroups was discussing this, so maybe it is a confirmation. (L) Look! It's raining. (After months of extraordinary heat and many deaths, rain was significant.)

{Break to go and check out the rain.}

**Q:** (A) So we can ask then about this weather breakthrough yesterday, is it a sign of a break through in our own situation?

**A:** One day there will be sheets of rain.

{group laughter}

**Q:** (Perceval) Can we expect an ice age any time soon?

**A:** wait a couple of years and check the thermometer!!!

{group laughter}

**Q:** (L) Is a couple of years a clue here?

**A:** Is it? Hmm...

{more laughter}

**Q:** (L) I suppose we can take that as a yes. (Galahad) We recently pulled together some info on the Maunder Minimum. Are we correct in the direction we are taking on that?

**A:** We wondered how long it would take you to figure that one out.

**Q:** Any advice on a direction for Signs of the Times?

**A:** You are excellent. Be excellent to each other! Good bye.

END OF SESSION

