# 2004
## October 23, 2004
Laura, Ark, Perceval, Mr. Scott, Galahad, Atriedes, Andromeda, Alice {Laura's Mother}, JM-guest

**A:** Look love Hello, my children!

**Q:** (L) Who is with us?

**A:** Ioorinaea

**Q:** (L) Where are you transmitting from, or through?

**A:** Rigel

**Q:** (L) What happened to Cassiopaea?

**A:** Mother Cassiopaea has retired!

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

**A:** Far noon!

**Q:** (L) Were you ever in a human body?

**A:** Farnoon!

**Q:** (L) What does that maen?

**A:** Hello in Orion

**Q:** (L) What if we want to speak with the Cassiopaeans?

**A:** I will pass on the message.

**Q:** (L) Why did Cassiopaea retire?

**A:** 5 months ago there was a galatic explosion that disrupted the transmitter.

**Q:** (L) Are you an alien?

**A:** Other

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Density 6 piquawmns/for p5t oriaea.

**Q:** (L) That doesn't make any sense!

**A:** Not so! Must regroove.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Is a light saber as imagined by George Lucas possible with existing earth technology?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Who is going to win the election in the US?

**A:** There are no elections.

**Q:** (Galahad) Will they be cancelled?

**A:** Unless a miracle occurs, no.

**Q:** (Ark) Why we were given no warning about the galactic explosion?

**A:** Quantum probabilities and you were not picking up the phone.

**Q:** (A) I have been thinking about what you once said about modeling consciousness in equations. You suggested inverting geometric representation of gravity. My idea is to start with complex space and complex time...

**A:** That is close enough to get you started. But you will find that it may be more simple than that.

**Q:** (A) If I only use complex time, as Igor and Grichka propose?

**A:** Not that simple!

**Q:** (A) Complex space only?

**A:** That is closer.

**Q:** (A) But then how would time travel be possible if no complex time?

**A:** Many worlds, so to say.

**Q:** (L) What is your relationship with Cassiopaea?

**A:** Relationship does not apply when one.

**Q:** (L) Then is it the same source using a different transmitter?

**A:** Precisely. And it would be easier if you received more regularly.

**Q:** (A) Where was the galactic explosion?

**A:** In Cassiopeia.

**Q:** (A) How far was it from us?

**A:** Probably 2600 light years.

**Q:** (Galahad) Have there been any effects that we have felt here? (A) Yes, we lost the Cassiopaeans!

**A:** Too minimal too notice.

**Q:** (Perceval) Will there be another terrorist attack in the US soon?

**A:** Bush does not need one, so no.

**Q:** (Perceval) Will Bush continue on as President?

**A:** Until he dies.

**Q:** (Perceval) Will he be assassinated?

**A:** Not likely.

**Q:** (Galahad) Will he try to become a permanent leader, a Furher?

**A:** Will try.

**Q:** (Galahad) Is he sick and will he die from his illness?

**A:** No...

**Q:** [Discussion about him being made sick or dying from other reasons.]

**A:** There are many ways to die.

**Q:** (Perceval) Who was the guy taking pictures of Laura in the market?

**A:** Let's just say that there many groups.

**Q:** [Discussion of possibilities...]

**A:** Let's just say that Laura is one of those people that some others love to hate.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything I can do to change that?

**A:** If you did, you wouldn't be you nor could you do what you came to do.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is it likely that any of these groups will try a more direct or physical attack?

**A:** Only if you lessen vigilance.

**Q:** (A) We are going to Rennes-le-Château this week. Is there anything we should look at?

**A:** Better not to anticipate and to trust your abilities.

**Q:** (L) Could you give us some hint about the identity of the group and guy in the market?

**A:** Who is in the porn industry?

**Q:** Well, there is a big porn industry in Europe that seems to be based in the Netherlands and run basically by Jewish consortiums. There are many suggestions that this is just one arm of MOSSAD, and one of the ways they make money. A lot of New Age and conspiracy websites seem to have underlying connections to porn, especially kiddie porn. Okay, one of the members had a dream recently where the Cass site was replaced by a porn site. Is this is what is going to happen?

**A:** Knowledge protects. You need more satellite site support.

**Q:** Well, satellite sites means other sites that link to us, that write articles about us, and generally offer "third party support." Should we also do an investigative report on the porn industry?

**A:** That's not a bad idea.

{Deletion of discussion about legal matters concerning several individuals, the details of which would reveal personal information and general strategies and therefore cannot be included. The following two questions and answers refer to one of the individuals discussed and carries important information for all, so sorry that it has no context.)

**Q:** (H) When you referred to the manipulations with S\*\*\*\*, what kind of manipulations were you referring to: internal or external?

**A:** Both but mostly external as in not directly perceivable in the environment.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that if someone believes an illusion, that it leaves a hole in their defenses?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) Well, we don't seem to be thinking very fast tonight. Is there anything we should be asking that we're missing?

**A:** If there is, we are here.

**Q:** (Galahad) What is the major problem facing the group at the moment?

**A:** Stalling frequency waves.

**Q:** What can we do to jump-start the group?

**A:** Requires will and knowledge. You share, they find will if it is there to find.

**Q:** (A) What kind of knowledge do we need to share?

**A:** That their lack of ability to see and do is due to deliberate stalling.

**Q:** (Galahad) Can you elaborate?

**A:** They are in a frequency fence being stored for later food.

**Q:** (A) Are we also in a fence? Or, are we different?

**A:** Quite.

**Q:** We are quite different?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What makes us different?

**A:** Seeing and doing.

**Q:** Well, if we have a network, different people are doing different things. They are at different levels. Shouldn't we consider it in this light?

**A:** You were in as bad condition before leaving the USA, remember?

**Q:** (Galahad) Can they overcome the stalling?

**A:** If they wish.

**Q:** (L) What is the deal with Montalk and Carissa?

**A:** Remember the fondler? {Refers to another session where an agent was discussed, the handler being referred to as "the Fondler."}

**Q:** (Galahad) Were the planes that hit the WTC the actual commercial flights as the official story says?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galahad) So there is a lot of disinfo out there trying to confuse and disrupt those who want to get the truth.

**A:** CIA confusion is apparent.

**Q:** (Galahad) Were there any explosives planted in the Pentagon?

**A:** The plane delivered the explosives.

**Q:** (L) Was it, as I suspect, a plane specially constructed for the job? One that was not only constructed of special materials, but als had its own internal bomb designed to blow those special materials to smithereens so there would be no evidence?

**A:** Yes. Exactly.

**Q:** (Perceval) You mentioned before about a scandal at the Denver Airport. Is this still on or have things changed?

**A:** Yet to come. Just keep flapping.

**Q:** (Galahad) Will this have to do with 911?

**A:** Yes. Oh, yes!

**Q:** (Perceval) Does it have to do with the flight simulators?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Is it that they landed Flight 77 at Denver?

**A:** Very possible.

**Q:** (Galahad) Is Daniel Hopsicker an agent?

**A:** Of course. You can see.

**Q:** (Galahad) Is there anyone in the US who isn't?!

**A:** It is hard to see in the USA.

**Q:** (A) There is this guy - Stein - who has contacted us and he talks about Boehmian physics. Is it a good investment of my time and energy to investigate this?

**A:** What do you sense about it thus far?

**Q:** (A) I sense that it may go in an interesting direction. What do you sense?

**A:** We are you in the future and you sense correctly. There is something interesting but it is not physics as you know it.

**Q:** (A) Why are you transmitting from Rigel? What is special about Rigel?

**A:** Oh, wouldn't you like to know?

**Q:** [Discussion as to what that might mean. Laura points out that Rigel was mentioned in a previous discussion about supernovae.]

**A:** We already told you " No dice!"

**Q:** (Galahad) Should we tell the group about the change to Rigel?

**A:** Wait a bit and "see" how brilliant you are.

**Q:** (Galahad) Is SD an agent?

**A:** Like anyone is until they lose their scales. He may lose them soon enough.

**Q:** (Andromeda) I have been having these dreams, but they aren't really dreams, they come when I am between being awake and asleep. I am fighting with an entity. Sometimes I win and sometimes I lose. Is this an interior or an exterior entity?

**A:** You are surrounded by warriors. No point in struggling alone. All you have to do is ask. The thing that stops you is the false pride whispered to you deceptively.

**Q:** [Discussion wondering what the last answer might mean.] It sounds like an external entity...

**A:** End the illusion of separate "power" and the connection is weakened.

**Q:** [More discussion. Conclusion that "the illusion of separate power" means trying to solve a problem alone, without help.]

**A:** A burden shared is light. When battling such forces it is hubris to think that you can do it alone. Such hubris is part of the deception process.

**Q:** (A) Who was in the silver Mercedes that drove up the driveway at En Laurenc?

**A:** Same group as in the market. MartenJ has "interesting" friends.

[We discovered the last tape was on pause. Laura pushed the record buttons, and others saw her. But it was now on pause.]

**Q:** Who pushed pause?

**A:** PK.

**Q:** See you next week.

**A:** Good! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

