# 2005
## January 9, 2005
Laura, Ark, Mr. Scott, Perceval, Galahad, Andromeda

**Q:** Hello

**A:** My Children

**Q:** Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** What happened to Rigel?

**A:** Zoom Out.

**Q:** What does that mean?

**A:** Interference no longer a problem so no relay needed

**Q:** (A) So what happened to supernova? (L) I guess when you are 6th density it only causes a problem in the period of the initial explosion.

**A:** You answered well enough.

**Q:** (A) I am suspicious... (L) Where do you transmit through or from?

**A:** Rigel.

**Q:** (L) So why do you say Cassiopaea?

**A:** For your identifier only.

**Q:** Wasn't Rigel meant to go supernova?

**A:** Rigel already went!

**Q:** When?

**A:** We already said look, listen and no dice!

Discussion on when we thought Rigel went supernova, around 1229, actual distance in light years is disputed however

**A:** R U playing horseshoes?

**Q:** (L) Regarding the recent earthquake and tsunami, there is a huge buzz on the net that this was not a natural phenomenon. Some say it could have been a meteor; others say it was a US nuke; others say it was India and Israel playing around in deep sea trenches. Then there is the speculation on an EM weapon of some description. The New agers are saying it was the start of the final 'Earth Changes". So what really caused this earthquake that happened one year minus one hour after the earthquake in Iran?

**A:** Pressure in earth. Not any of the proferred suggestions. But remember that the human cycle mirrors the cycle of catastrophe and human mass consciousness plays a part.

**Q:** In what way does mass consciousness play a part?

**A:** When those with higher centers are blocked from full manifestation of creative energy, that energy must go somewhere. If you cannot create "without" you create "within".

**Q:** (L) In other words the acts of the STS consortium in trying to suppress steal and control the creative energy from those with higher centers may be the cause of their own destruction because that energy is uncontrollable. (A) Yes but they bring it on everyone's head also. (Perceval) Maybe that is their plan, after all they want to destroy the planet. (L) Yes but I don't think that people like Bush and his cronies want to destroy the planet, but then they don't know much about what goes on anyway. So, anything else on that? (A) Well we have this idea that the US, UK, Russia and France all knew about the coming tsunami and failed to tell anyone. Well, we know from some concrete evidence that the US and UK knew, but what about France and Russia who also have these capabilities with satellites etc to detect such things?

**A:** Indeed it was known and suppressed and do not underestimate France and Russia.

**Q:** Is that related to technology or evil intentions?

**A:** Tech, though some "evil" as well. There is still some balance in France. In this case the "evildoers" happened to be in the know.

**Q:** Were there passengers and crew on both planes that hit the WTC?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Were any of the alleged hijackers on the planes?

**A:** No.

**Q:** If there were passengers and crew on the planes, were they conscious up until the time of impact?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Were the planes that struck the WTC being controlled by helicopters or other planes nearby?

**A:** Not even necessary. The onboard computer does it all.

**Q:** So how did the passengers and crew lose consciousness?

**A:** You have already speculated about gas released via onboard ventilation system.

**Q:** Is Barbara Olsen alive?

**A:** Now that is a very interesting question! Let us just say that she is busy making the bunker "homey" for the housewarming.

**Q:** Was there a second emergency landing at Cleveland after Delta 1989 landed?

**A:** No, that was just to confuse the issue.

**Q:** So it was just more of the intelligence agencies sowing disinformation in real time. Which would suggest that Flight 93 did crash in Pennsylvania?

**A:** Crash?

**Q:** Well, crashed after it was shot down. So, was it shot down?

**A:** Absolutely. You had it from the "horse's" mouth.

**Q:** If so, was it shot down because the passengers were getting ready to take control and that would have brought something to light that they didn't want to happen?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** So why weren't these people gassed like the ones on the WTC flights?

**A:** Mechanical glitch. Wishful thinking will get you every time.

**Q:** So where was Flight 93 meant to be going?

**A:** White House. The fire was started in anticipation and had to be extinguished and covered up.

**Q:** At the time there were reports of fire at the Pentagon before the plane hit, was this the same thing as at the White House?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Did Flight 77 land at Reagan Airport in Washington DC as Dick Eastman suggests?

**A:** Try Wright Patterson.

**Q:** Did it go on anywhere else after WP?

**A:** Only piecemeal.

**Q:** But wasn't it said in a previous session that Flight 77 landed at Denver and that this might well be the source of the Denver airport scandal? [Discussion of what "piecemeal" means. Conclusion is that plane and passengers were "taken apart" and plane pieces were moved somewhere else - possibly Denver]

**A:** So, see?

**Q:** Were there any other plane crashes that day that the public was not told about?

**A:** You can research this and find conflicting info. But, no.

**Q:** Was the strike on the Pentagon for the purpose of taking out the people involved in legitimate training exercises who would have known the truth of the events of that day?

**A:** Now, another interesting question! What is up with the Navy?

**Q:** What is up with the navy?

**A:** Maybe they know things they don't tell. Maybe what they know gives them a certain respect for "nature" and a hesitancy to meddle.

**Q:** Can you clarify?

**A:** Let's just say that the navy wouldn't play with the bullies because they know about bigger bullies. The navy learned a lot from the Philadelphia experiment. George Bush senior tried to get all the data about the things he heard and saw, but failed.

**Q:** What is the navy doing now?

**A:** Flying under the radar and waiting.

**Q:** Was there some sort of double-cross involved in the 9/11 attacks where one party of the plans attempted to blackmail another?

**A:** Indeed, though there were glitches.

**Q:** So if the Denver airport scandal is going to expose the government; is the government going to be deliberately exposed by some other party?

**A:** We have already said that airports are used by both STS and STO.

**Q:** Is there in-fighting among those in high levels over how to proceed?

**A:** At various levels, yes. But you know the old saying about incompetency seeking its own level like water.

**Q:** What does this mean?

**A:** Those at the top are there because of an agenda that each is concealing. They are waiting for the opportunity to act to influence. However they are learning that Bush is becoming more difficult to manage.

**Q:** How many people saw the Pentagon strike Flash presentation?

**A:** 300 million.

**Q:** Should we expect some fireworks when it comes out in Arabic?

**A:** Maybe.

**Q:** Was there any symbolic meaning to the death of Arafat at Percy Hospital, with the number 11 appearing at the time

**A:** Like Diana, a marker.

**Q:** What are the origins of the Belicena book?

**A:** Belicena origins; researches of Aryan types exiled to South America.

**Q:** Was this house we are living in once a monastery?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** Is there anything of import buried under the mound? Or anywhere else on the property (church ruins, pond, etc.)?

**A:** No.

**Q:** Is there a tunnel between the chateau, or the old chateau, and the abbey?

**A:** No.

**Q:** How did the nuts on the car wheel become loose?

**A:** Warning.

**Q:** Was it the same group as in the market?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What was the warning about?

**A:** Camera, tyre: progression.

**Q:** What can we expect next?

**A:** Maybe nothing if you are aware.

**Q:** What is the most accurate book describing the events of the war between Atlantis and "Athens" and the subsequent catastrophe?

**A:** Velikovsky's interpretation of the plagues, though not Venus. For social constructs just observe the current state of the world.

**Q:** Is the US economy likely to collapse this year?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** Is investing in physical gold still a good idea?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** What were the two lights in the night sky I saw over the past few nights?

**A:** Precursors. There are a lot of them lately.

**Q:** (L) Ok, anything else or is that it? (A) What about my dream of something happening on the 19th?

**A:** Didn't you already figure this one out??? A harbinger indeed!!

**Q:** What about Seville, is it a good idea to go?

**A:** Go when the time is right, not when it is the "right time."

**Q:** Was there a "coup de palais" as described by Meyssan? Did some people have the nuclear codes and were they threatening Bush over this, and did he spend the day negotiating with these people?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Ok, do you have any comments for us, any advice or encouragement?

**A:** You are doing well. Stay vigilant and network. Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

