## November 19, 2005
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Perceval, Mr. Scott, Atriedes, DW, Galahad

**Q:** Hello

**A:** Hello some fun!

**Q:** Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Aorria

**Q:** Where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** [Group is eating cookies and chocolate] (S)Do you want a cookie or a chocolate?

**A:** Please, a Cassiocookie.

**Q:** (L) We need to talk about our business structure. We have recently been discussing with SD, basically talking, SD has taken the lead in setting up a business structure that is supposed to protect us and we would like to inquire as to whether or not the way he has designed it is desirable or if there is some other way that we need to go about it. So I guess the first question is: is the way SD has set up the business structure the most desirable way to go with it?

**A:** If he wants to leave the body.

**Q:** What do you mean "If he wants to leave the body"?

**A:** As you must know by now, you are "needed". SD is merely a "useful idiot."

**Q:** (L) So does anybody want to ask any more elucidating questions on this subject now that we have a direction? (Galahad) Looking strictly at the structure he is proposing, even if SD was not even involved in this structure, would that structure be a good structure for us?

**A:** Not too bad. The problem is that SD still has no real idea of "attack." He is putting himself into a position where it is a certainty that he will not escape a full bore slam dunk.

**Q:** (L) Well, according to him he is trying to create a situation where he can protect us. (Atriedes) Well, they're pretty much saying that he can't protect you because he doesn't know dack. (L) Yeah. So in other words, no matter how good his intentions, he is being used.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A) What kind of attack?

**A:** Well, since nothing is set in stone that is open, what is certain at this moment is that he is not yet in any kind of position to engage at that level he assumes he can handle.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand because we were told that he is an agent, and I understand that agents just reveal what they are told to do and they have no freedom at all to do anything, so how can he have good intentions being an agent and working for someone who tells you what to do? An agent is constantly under control.

**A:** He is expendable and the intent is to "spend."

**Q:** (A) Hmm. (Perceval) Who knows what he.... His controllers above him have an agenda that he isn't aware of. And he thinks he is being told everything, but he is not. And the ultimate intention is to get rid of SD. (A) Uh hmmm. (Perceval) In that case, is there any way that SD extricate himself from this? Is there any future for SD with us if he has good intentions towards us? Can he still be a member of the group?

**A:** SD should realize by observing the dynamics of this household that it is the safest place for him and whatever he can contribute. With sincerity, he will achieve more than he can imagine. But without, he will achieve nothing. You have all passed various tests. SD has not. He will certainly be tested. And if he sets the terms he will receive the "payoff."

**Q:** (A) Is the session being monitored by his, how to say, supervisors?

**A:** No, his "supervisors" have no territory here.

**Q:** (Perceval) On that note, I'd like to know if there are any bugs in this house? (A) Like this microphone. (Perceval) That we don't know about.

**A:** Not needed.

**Q:** (laughter) (Atriedes) Yeah, that's like 80s TV, man. (A) "Not needed." (Mr. Scott) If they have an army of Aryan projectors that beam thoughts out then probably they can just do it from the comfort of their own living room. (laughter) They can just put on the magic goggles... (Andromeda) How are we being monitored?

**A:** Scotty is close.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) I guess that's got to be my official name, now. (A) What was Scotty saying? (Mr. Scott) I was saying that if they have this army of Aryan psychic projectors that beam these thoughts out and creative people pick it up... (L) And remote viewing. (Mr. Scott) So if they can do that then they can probably get remote viewing or something along those lines. (L) And they probably have stuff that is in a tree outside that is so small that can pick stuff up... I don't know. (A) But they said that we're not being monitored now... (Galahad) By SD's supervisors. (L) Let's go back to the business structure. What will be the best way to go with the business structure?

**A:** The safest thing all the way around is for you here including Ark thru Scotty, to own the major or significant shares of any business relating to your work. The primary reason is the nature of psychic blocking. SD has not yet cleared his "film" and thus cannot yet "unite" in colinear goal seeking.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Well I had kind of thought up a way of dealing with it, and I wrote it out earlier today. Is that close enough to the way we should go?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) What about the company that SD has set up?

**A:** If SD can get through his current blockage, that will sort out.

**Q:** (L) What is SD's blockage?

**A:** Fear buffered by what can only be described as inability to really trust. Strings can grow into ropes that tend to strangle the originator.

**Q:** [Crunchy sounds of cookies being taken from the plastic wrapper.] (L) This tape is going to be full of these crunchy sounds. (A) Oh, crunchy, crunchy. Where is crunchy?! (Perceval) So to a certain extent there's this hanging in the balance. SD, if he doesn't get over his mistrust then he'll stick with his leaders; but if he can get over his mistrust then... (L) The sky's the limit. (Perceval) But will he be able to walk away from the club? [Lots more crunchy noises.] (Mr. Scott) How will he be able to....

**A:** Wait and see. We would only ask "What profiteth it for a man to own the world when he loses his soul?"

**Q:** (Perceval) That was Jesus. (L) We're channeling Jesus! (laughter) (Perceval) Hallelujah! Our fundie readership is going to go through the roof. Forty million! (Galahad) They'll be outside ready to burn us at the stake.

**A:** Another way of saying it is "if you lock yourself in the old way, when the old way ends, it will take you with it into the pit."

**Q:** (A) This is said to us, or to him? (L) To him. (A) Well, that's something that we can even transmit to him. (L) So, have we had enough on this subject? Next subject. (Atriedes) How do you like the new Signs page?

**A:** Great blood!

**Q:** (Atriedes) Nice. Excellent. (Perceval) That was a reference to the last session, I think. (L) "New blood." (Atriedes) It's a sexy Signs page. (Perceval) What is the purpose of the new US base in Israel, the 25 square mile US base in Israel?

**A:** It depends on who you ask: Israel or the US.

**Q:** (Perceval) If we asked Israel, what would they say?

**A:** To protect interests.

**Q:** (Perceval) And if we asked the US, what would they say?

**A:** To protect interests.

**Q:** (General laughter) (L) I knew that was coming. (Galahad) And if we asked YOU, what would you say? (L) But stop. Think about what they just said. "To protect interests." (Perceval) Obviously, America's interests are not Israel's interests. Is there another, third reason, that neither are aware of?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (Perceval) And what might that be?

**A:** You don't want to know.

**Q:** (Perceval) Yes, I do!!! (laughter) I always want to know these things.

**A:** Use your imagination, and keep it in the house.

**Q:** (Perceval) They're going to use it for black ops to start Armageddon. (Galahad) I can see the front page of the Signs page Monday. (laughter) (Atriedes) We're going to have to install a filter! (L) Well, just think about all the predicted mass landings. What about Bubble's questions (Perceval) Bubbles wants to know what's up with her memory loss?

**A:** Too much TV and too much music with encoded brain jellifying signals. Learn to sleep properly and cut way back on the music. It is better to listen to music of that type only when physically active.

**Q:** [Bubbles enters the room] (Mr. Scott) Speak of the devil (Bubbles) What? (Atriedes) Literally. We got an answer. (Bubbles) You got an answer? What? (Galahad) You're not going to like it. (Perceval) I need to ask her second question. What is it that she perceives in her room in terms of, in her words, "the green monster thing" and scary sensations when she wakes up?

**A:** By-products of previous mentioned issue.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, your memory loss is the result of "too much TV and too much music with encoded brain jellifying signals. Learn to sleep properly and cut way back on the music. It is better to listen to music of that type only when physically active". And the scary monsters you're seeing are the results of that. (L) So there are signals being sent into your brain through this music, and it's causing your brain to be jellified so it can be used by external forces to come into your reality and haunt you. (Mr. Scott) So you can listen to it when you're exercising. (Perceval) But it's probably better not to have it right in your ears.

**A:** That's it in a nutshell!

**Q:** (Perceval) It's frying your brains and making you see things. (Ar) It all started at a particular time, two years ago. (Perceval) You had built up years of brain frying. Your brain will work OK and then at a point where you've fried it too much it'll go bonkers. It's like when you fry a steak. It looks the same for awhile, but eventually it starts to... (L) This is your brain, and this is your brain on drugs. (Andromeda) This is your brain on too much music. (Bubbles) I don't listen to too much music. I only listen to it when I'm going to sleep. (L) That is probably the worst thing you could do before you go to sleep because that stuff does things to your brain and then it continues to operate while you're sleeping. (Galahad) Because it says "you need to learn to sleep properly and cut way back on the music". So there's a relationship between the fact that you're listening to the music and you're not sleeping properly. (Bubbles) I have this thing. I listen to music, and then I go to sleep. (Perceval) You could change the type of music you listen to before sleeping. There are certain kinds of music that aren't encoded with the signals. (L) Listen to classical before going to bed. (Bubbles) Sometimes I do! (Perceval) Well, you need to do it more and less music music with freaky messages encoded into it. (Atriedes) Is Eminem a complete tool of the powers that be? Sometimes it seems to have a good thing; sometimes it doesn't.

**A:** If it is popular and/or widely sold, it is part of the "program."

**Q:** (S) So we should all listen to weird Galahad music. (DW) Is there something significant about Tyler, Texas, something that goes on there?

**A:** Did you research it?

**Q:** (Bubbles) Is it possible to find a genie anywhere on this planet? One that grants wishes.

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (Bubbles) How?

**A:** Sweat.

**Q:** (Galahad) That means you've got to work for it.

**A:** 10 percent inspiration and 90 percent hard work.

**Q:** (Ark) I have been having difficulty with concentration, and when I have problems that I need to solve or things that I need to compute, I have really, really, really problems with working this out. I feel as if something has happened to my brain. I was able to do it two years ago, and now I'm going to do the same thing and I have a very hard time to remember what I'm doing and to understand what I am doing. What can I do to enhance my thinking?

**A:** Stabilize your blood sugar.

**Q:** (A) Like by having more cookies? [Crackling sounds of a hand in the cookie bag.]

**A:** By eliminating "evil foods." Also it will help to resume your exercise program though not so intense.

**Q:** (laughter) (A) What kind of food? "Evil food"? What kind of food is evil for me?

**A:** (laughter) Ask Andromeda.

**Q:** (A) Andromeda, what is "evil food" for me? (Andromeda) Red meat, pork, potatoes. (Perceval) Hot dogs and potatoes. (Bubbles) Can he have sugar? (Andromeda) Sugar in very limited quantity. (Galahad) He could have the chicken dogs, but no more mashed potatoes. (Andromeda) But mostly vegetables and fruits. (Ark) But all my life I was eating potatoes and pork and so on, and I was doing pretty well. (Andromeda) Just like Bubbles with the music. It catches up with you.

**A:** Check the date.

**Q:** [General laughter] (Atriedes) Oh, Arky! (Perceval) When you're older, you have to take more care. You can't act as if you're a spring chicken. So what you can do is have chicken dogs with mashed sweet potatoes. Both of those are good for you. (L) You have to change your diet. (Ark) Should I also change the kind of music?

**A:** No. But a little rock won't hurt.

**Q:** [General laughter] (L) They are Pink Floyd fans, you know. (Bubbles) Ask them if the band Bush sends evil messages. (Atriedes) They've already answered that. (Bubbles) But they aren't so popular many more. (Atriedes) That doesn't matter. (Ark) I want to ask about when looking for what I was doing in 1967, I have found the term "quantization of space" which led me to the website and to correspondence with D\*\*\* who seems to be an interesting guy who deals with algebras and numbers. Is this quantization of space is really important. Is it what you were having in mind when pointing me to this early thinking?

**A:** Seems pretty synchronous, yes?

**Q:** (Bubbles) Ask them if I have any effects on the weather. Or is it just coincidental that when I wish for something it happens?

**A:** Do you ask because you have a "knowing"? Hmm...

**Q:** (Bubbles) What's that supposed to mean? (L) I think what they're saying is that when you think you're asking for it and you make it happen, you're asking because you know its going to happen. You're asking because it is your way of signalling to yourself that it is going to happen. It bubbles up to your conscious mind, and you know it is going to rain, so you ask it to rain. But it is really that it was going to rain, you knew it, you sensed it, and signalled yourself this way. (A) You're psychic. (Perceval) Is there any benefit for me in smoking?

**A:** Probably not.

**Q:** (Perceval) Negative?

**A:** Slight.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about for me?

**A:** Like her mother.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So it is beneficial then. (Atriedes) What about me? (Mr. Scott) Can they just go over and give everybody. (L) Atriedes wants to know about him.

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** Bubbles?

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (A) I made an experiment recently. I thought, well let me try, so I had this pipe, and I also tried cigarettes... [L: expression of shock!] Yes, I tried experiments, scientific experiments. (laughter) (Atriedes) He wasn't relapsing! He was experimenting! (A) And the result was that I much more preferred to breathe the fresh air, and it's so much better, and I can think so much more clearly... (L) I can't believe you tried to smoke a cigarette! (A) Yes! I did! But that was just an experiment. (L) And whose cigarette was it? (A) Yours, of course! (L) When did you do this? (A) Like yesterday. (laughter) (Perceval) He was out the back behind the back sheds! (A) I was going outside. (Perceval) Out in the garden behind the trees! (A) And the result was... (L) It's very negative for you. (A) Yes, right. That's what I found. I can think much more clearly and remember much better without that. (Perceval) What about Galahad and smoking?

**A:** Needed.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) What about me?

**A:** Half n half.

**Q:** (Galahad) So you should only smoke half a cigarette. (Mr. Scott) Because I think that when I smoke I can think better and think more clearly. But then sometimes I can smoke too much and then I feel like crap. I can tell when I'm doing it because I get in the habit of doing it. (L) What about DW?

**A:** Not needed.

**Q:** What's wrong with DW's computer? We've keep replacing things and fixing things, and it keeps having errors on the hard drive.

**A:** Maybe reformatting.

**Q:** (Atriedes) I wanted to ask about George A. Dillman and Jean-Paul Bindal and this whole group. (L) Who are they? (Atriedes) They are the martial artists. From what I've learned, I've kind of gotten the idea that maybe they are this self-serving, exoteric, pyramid-type institution. Do you have any comments on it?

**A:** Just be careful. That field is planted with mines.

**Q:** (Perceval) It'll blow up in your face. (L) Any other final questions? (Andromeda) I wanted to ask about Charlie W and his health problems. Was he born with these shakes or does he have a disease?

**A:** He has several issues best solved by deep tissue work.

**Q:** Would acupuncture help?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I think it would probably be better for Charlie, if it is bothering him enough, he could pursue finding out what is wrong with him because as long as he doesn't do something about it, it's obviously not bothering him very much. I know when I start suffering I go to the doctor and get it fixed. I don't want to suffer. I want a solution. I do want to know, even though I no longer have pain, why my arm is doing what it's doing.

**A:** Nerves were damaged.

**Q:** (A) Would exercise help?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) You're just dying to get me on that... (A) Well, I am supposed to get out of my potatoes and hot dogs, so... (L) So, I'm supposed to suffer with you, huh? (laughter) Why don't we just turn the whole house into a suffering household, and we'll just all suffer together. (Andromeda) Isn't that what we're doing now? (laughter) (Atriedes) What happened to Bruce Lee? I don't mean physically, I mean did he discover something, did he attain something, or did he just kinda trip off? Die? (A) Who? (Perceval) Bruce Lee. (A) Presley? (Perceval) Bruce Lee. He wants to know if he attained something through his work, some sort of spiritual state, or did he just die?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (Perceval) He popped off and died. He was really good from a physical point of view. He was maybe close to the limits you can get to in terms of the physical. (DW) What...Uh... no, I don't want to waste bandwidth with that question. (Perceval) What's our limit?... I'm only joking. (L) What's he want? (DW) No, I won't... (L) What's the question? (W) The question was, I wanted to know...no... (L) Will you ask the damn question!? (laughter) (DW) I'd like to know when S\*\*\*'s car left the road and he died in the crash...was it driver error or the fault of the car? (L) Who was he? (Perceval) A formula one race car driver. (L) We're asking about a race car driver? (Atriedes) We're asking about important people in the world today. (Perceval) Was it driver error or was the car tampered with, was it dirty tricks. (DW) What happened to his car? (Perceval) Natural death or what.

**A:** Driver. Hubris.

**Q:** (Bubbles) What were the weird, little, black things I saw running around in the field in En Laurenc?

**A:** Study poltergeist phenomena.

**Q:** (Bubbles) I don't want to study poltergeist phenomena. (L) What did they look like? (Bubbles) They were little black things running around. (L) How big were they? (Bubbles) Hmm. They were about as tall as the wheat. (Perceval) So study poltergeist phenomena, find out what it's all about, and then you'll know what that was. (Bubbles) Why can't they tell me? (Galahad) This is what they do, Bubbles. They tell us things to go out and find out about it ourselves. At least they pointed you in a particular direction! (Perceval) It's just the way we have to get through life, which is hard work ourselves. (Mr. Scott) Ten percent inspiration and 90 percent perspiration. (L) Your talents are what you have. What you do with it is something else altogether. It depends entirely on you. I'm done. I would like to say nighty-night.

**A:** Kiss Bubbles. Goodbye.

[People start to kiss Bubbles. We hear her scream as the tape ends...]

END OF SESSION

