## October 20, 2005
Laura, Ark, Perceval, Andromeda, Mr. Scott, Foofighter, DW, Galahad

**Q:** Hello.

**A:** Hello

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Lorogieae at your service.

**Q:** (L) I'll ask the first one. Why was I stricken with this horrible herniated disc when and where I was?

**A:** Concentration of high level source of negative energy. We warned about sleeping in unfamiliar locations.

**Q:** (L) I see. (Perceval) When did it actually happen? (L) It was the second or third night we were in Trieste when I woke up screaming. Am I going to successfully resolve it?

**A:** No doubt.

**Q:** (L) Anything I can do for protection in future unfamiliar locations?

**A:** Awareness. Will guide appropriate measures.

**Q:** (A) I don't understand. This isn't the first time that we were in unfamiliar locations. Why did it happen this time? What was so particular about this particular location?

**A:** Energy was low due to attacks prior to trip.

**Q:** (Perceval) Do you know what they're referring to? (L) The whole July period. It started with Melissa C\*\*\*\*. Then there was Tanya and her brother, the GLP people and Kathy O. Did it have something to do with Matthew and that woman he brought to the house?

**A:** Interesting that you ask!

**Q:** (L) So I asked.

**A:** Did we not give many clues?

**Q:** (A) What were the clues? (L) Matthew of ? Looking for love in all the wrong places, jumping off the fence and getting splinters. Is my theory on how it worked correct? Was her energy being vectored through him, directed at me, and weakened my cervical system?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (Foofighter) I am interested in how the 94% of the population being used as containers or parts for a new race relates to the comment that "all of this will fail". How can those two things happen at the same time or are they mutually exclusive?

**A:** Just because 94 percent may "die" does not necessarily mean success for STS forces. The energy of "containers" can be utilized positively or negatively. Also, notice that the plans were revealed prior to the efforts of the present company. Remember the flapping butterfly wings.

**Q:** (Perceval) So there you go. Nothing is certain. It depends upon what you do, Foofighter! (Foofighter) Thank you for that. (L) Flap your wings. (Perceval) Get some wings and flap them. Did the drone craft that hit the Pentagon fire a missile prior to hitting the building? Just before hitting the building?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Excellent. I want to know if a drone was scheduled as part of the plan to hit the White House?

**A:** Yes, but sans shaped charge. Also, a quite different appearing craft.

**Q:** (Perceval) What did it look like? What kind of craft? (Laughing) A UFO? (Everyone laughs)

**A:** More like the "Osama special."

**Q:** (Perceval) The point is that Flight 93 was not supposed to hit the White House.

**A:** Probably not, but the "neocons" were not in on the whole "plan."

**Q:** (L) Talk about a dirty, double-cross huh? (Perceval) It was said there was a glitch in the gas release on Flight 93 and that is why it was shot down. The gas didn't release. Was that the only glitch or did they lose control of the plane and that's why they had to shoot it down, or were there other glitches?

**A:** They had to shoot it down because it was no longer under control from many angles. No one could be allowed to survive.

**Q:** (Galahad) Were the many phone calls that were reported from Flight 93 real phone calls or were they fake?

**A:** Some were real.

**Q:** (Perceval) Were the real calls reported in the media?

**A:** Yes, but with "enhancements."

**Q:** (Perceval) Let's get some of that real-time voice morphing technology! (Galahad) Did Barbara Olson really phone?

**A:** Oh yes!

**Q:** (Galahad) If she was in on it, why would she phone?

**A:** She was "in on it" but it was not supposed to include Flt 77.

**Q:** (Galahad) That means there was a double-cross! (Perceval) Hang on, let's not jump to conclusions! Is Laura correct in her hypothesis that she was in some way kidnapped or being used as insurance… is that the case?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** What would make it closer?

**A:** Insurance, blackmail, and the "bearer of bad tidings."

**Q:** (Galahad) So it seems she was phoning to let her husband know that things were not going as planned. (L) Boy, talk about being hoisted on your own petard, huh? (Perceval) The entire operation was not meant to include Flight 77.

**A:** Correct.

**Q:** (Perceval) So let me get this straight in my head. So why did it include Flight 77? (L) A double-cross. (Galahad) The Israelis did it to take a hostage and to turn the tables on the US. (Perceval) So that suggests there were two groups involved in it.

(L) Think about it, if the US and at some level, the Israeli agents with these neocons and whoever, the neocons said, "Oh yeah, that's a great idea" because they're thinking in their mind "Oh yeah, we'll let Israel do that. It'll get us into the Middle East, and then we can stomp on the Israelis, too. We can take everything. We can turn the tables on them and get the whole thing." And then the Israelis are thinking, "We know what you're thinking. You think you're going to help us and then you think you can blame us after it's all over. Well, guess what? We're going to fix you." So the Neocons planned to have the "Osama special" hit the Pentagon. It was supposed to be a precision strike, yes, but it was supposed to be painted up to look like something quite different. Meanwhile the Israelis are painting something up to look like an American Airlines plane and they have the plan to take another plane as hostage. And then they make sure for whatever reasons, by appointments, dates, that Barbara Olson gets on this plane that's set-up. Then they have Barbara Olson. She's chosen because she's young, attractive, a TV person. And then they hit the Pentagon with a plane that is literally a US military plane that's painted up to look slightly like an American Airlines plane. (Perceval) That's the thing. They couldn't explain how Osama got a US military plane. In the original plan, it was going to be hit with an "Osama special". Which is what? (L) It's something that's probably smaller, lighter, and less lethal… (Perceval) Like a little Cessna or something with some bombs in it. (L) It was supposed to actually look like something that came from Osama. (Perceval) Like some kind of a plane that he had access to, right? And they tell them this. This is part of the plan. We're going to hit the Pentagon with a plane loaded with explosives. But while the Israelis are saying that to the neocons, they are lying. They have another plan that includes the plan to take Flight 77: the drone craft. So the entire operation is split between two groups. (Galahad) I wonder about the WTC. Was that part of the original plan, or was it part of the double-cross?

**A:** The WTC was the original main "plan." Its symbolic value was needed.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, what then happened was they say that we're going to do this….but we're going to keep you… Just imagine what Mossad is saying to these neocons in the Pentagon. "OK, you're going to stand down, but somehow we're going to have to cover you. Here's what we're going to do. We're going to make it look like you're being attacked, too, and then nobody will ever suspect that you're involved. It's the oldest psychopathic trick in the book. Attack yourself to "prove" your innocence. (Perceval) And we're going to put it on TV and then people will see that it was Osama. (Galahad) Was Flight 93 in the original plan?

**A:** Yes, but with a different target. How about the Washington Monument and lots of innocent civilians?

**Q:** (Perceval) So they were planning to use another type of "Osama special" on the White House and they didn't. Why?

**A:** Left Bush with his drawers down didn't it?

**Q:** (Laughter) (Perceval) They had Bush and the neocons jumping through hoops. They told them a plan that was radically different… (L) And then they did the old switcheroo (Perceval) And they're running around going "What the hell happened!". (DW) That explains why the cover-up on the Pentagon has been so poor and why it's so obvious. It was all contrived on the fly, so to say. (L) If it had been planned, they would have had a better cover story planned. (A) Were there some unusual weapons used on the WTC?

**A:** It was a fairly simple "hit," with a specially prepared building.

**Q:** (Perceval) What did they use then to make the steel beams collapse in the way they did, so completely? Did you have a question about that? (A) Well, specially prepared is essentially explosives that would cut the beams. But there are many. (Galahad) But we've asked about explosives in the building, and they've said it was more something to shape the… (Mr. Scott) Yes, EMP (Perceval) Conductors with shaped EMP. (Galahad) That means that using shaped EMP waves is "fairly simple". (Laughter) (Perceval) If they could take down the Columbia… (Galahad) Was it the same technology as with the shuttle Columbia?

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (Galahad) Did it come from the same source? (Perceval) Space-based satellite?

**A:** Now you are getting into warm water.

**Q:** (Galahad) I guess we don't want to get into hot water… (Laughter) (A) It's not our business. (Galahad) Curiosity killed the cat.

**A:** Let us just remind you that it scared even George.

(End of Side 1 of Tape 1)

**Q:** (Perceval) Was Robin Cook murdered?

**A:** What do you think? Laura got a herniated disc. How about a herniated heart?

**Q:** (Perceval) But the interesting question is then, if that was deliberate, obviously, where was the concentration of negative energy coming from?

**A:** There must be a "local conduit."

**Q:** (Perceval) And that then may lead to a question about Italy. What was the cause of the spontaneous fires in Caneto over the past two years on a couple of occasions?

**A:** Shall we say "practicing" and refining tech. Imagine, metal pipes that burn; steel beams that "dissolve." Connection?

**Q:** (Perceval) You know these pipes that were bursting into flames? (A) Yes. (L) Metal was bursting into flames. (Perceval) Metal pipes. Electrical appliances. (Galahad) And the steel beams in the WTC. (Perceval) A couple of years ago. (Foofighter) We were looking at the videos from the WTC and we were wondering where the beams came from. (A) Still, I want to know what kind of physics is behind this because I can't imagine any.

**A:** The nanotech you read about is going in the right direction.

**Q:** (Perceval) You were reading about nanotech? (A) I was. Then I am in warm water. (L) Uh hmmm. (Laughter) (A) OK. What is the next question? (Laughter) (Perceval) You're in hot water! (Laughter) (Foofighter) I have a question about Anna Lindt, the Swedish Foreign Minister. (Perceval) That was Mossad. (L) That's easy to figure out. (Perceval) She was anti-American, anti-Iraq war. (Foofighter) So how did they make the killer do it? (Perceval) Sirhan Sirhan. Oswald. (L) That's all out there. Manchurian Candidate. Did you ever see it? (Foofighter) Yes. (Perceval) Is there any significance to that fact that we met those Americans at Ax les Thermes? They just fit the bill. (L) Art students?

**A:** They're everywhere!

**Q:** (L) I would say there is no specific significance. With them everywhere, the odds are good that you're going to bump into them once in awhile. Did you feel you were being specifically targeted? (Perceval) Yeah… (L) Well, it's a possibility. Now that we have some kind of tradition of stopping there at the pool to soak our feet on the way home, they could probably know that and have somebody there. (Perceval) I don't know how it started but Andromeda was telling them about what we were doing. Not in any detail, but, you know, the conversation got to that point. (L) And you were telling them what? (Andromeda) I just said that you wrote books and that's why you're living here in France. And they were saying "Why would you come to France?" (Perceval) Why would anyone want to live here?!? (Laughter) (L) They said that?!? Why would anyone want to live anywhere else?! (Perceval) He was an American. She was an American but she is spending a year at Oxford doing Jewish studies. (L) And she wants to live in the UK? Geez. It takes all kinds. Some people like to clean toilets. Some people like to be scientists. (Galahad) What about the guy I met at the airport in Paris? Was that just a "coincidence"?

**A:** No coincidence there.

**Q:** (Perceval) He was there to try and lure you away, Galahad. (L) (In a sinister voice) He was reading you. He was taking a profile. (Perceval) I want to know about these strange formations on the radar image of Hurricane Rita.

**A:** 4th density "battle." Also includes some "practice."

**Q:** (L) They're practicing with new weapons. (Perceval) Some people said Katrina was the product of HAARP heating up the waters in the Gulf.

**A:** We've already dealt with HAARP and weather. Read transcripts.

**Q:** (DW) (Quoting transcripts) "HAARP has nothing to do with the weather or EM associated with same." (Galahad) Which suggests that there is EM associated with the weather. There could be some EM stuff associated with the weather that isn't part of HAARP. (L) 4th density. (Perceval) Were any of the storms manufactured from 3rd density or was it a natural storm?

**A:** Mfg in 3D? No. As we have said… 4D battles represent as weather. But the "veil" is thinning.

**Q:** (Foofighter) So if there is more weather it is due to more battles, and it being thinner. (Perceval) Possibly. The thinning of the veil creates more natural… (L) Or unnatural, depending upon how you look at it. (Mr. Scott) So, I have a few questions. In the last session the C's had said that 47% of Americans think that the government was complicit in 911. They also said that 12% of Americans can actually think. So, assuming that the 12% that can think are part of the 47% who think the American government was complicit in 911, that would give 35% would think the government is complicit not because they think but because they have been programmed to think it. If that is the case, then why are these people being programmed to be suspicious or against the Bush government?

**A:** They are not being programmed to be suspicious of Bush et al, the contrary.

**Q:** (L) In other words, it is the ones who think that Bush is not complicit that are being programmed. The ones who don't think it, even if they're part of that 35%, they've simply never been programmed. (Foofighter) Those who are programmed are programmed to not be suspicious. (A) You can be suspicious, but that doesn't necessarily mean you can think. (L) The ones who are not suspicious are the ones being programmed, but it doesn't mean… OPs can just be OPs. They don't have to be bad or evil, they're just the ones who, nobody's gotten to them, there's been no opportunity…maybe they're just people who don't want to watch television so much. Or they are contrary in a certain way. They see that there is a group of people who are suspicious and they follow along with them rather than following along with the ones who are not suspicious. (Mr. Scott) They said that Bush "will try" to become a fuehrer, that he'll continue on as president until he dies. Does that mean that someone will… Bush will be tossed out and someone else will move in and become fuehrer?

**A:** Warm water. It would not serve your best interests to know this.

**Q:** (A) I'm depressed. I think all this EEQT that I was working on for last ten years or more is wrong. Deciding what to jump and where to jump takes such a long computation that nature would not be able to do it and I don't know how she does it. What should I do?

**A:** Remember 4D. How does it figure into your theory?

**Q:** (A) It doesn't figure into it at all, and so am I to abandon all this EEQT and look for something else?

**A:** Not necessarily. For example, the stock market model. You do know that the stock market is "manipulated"?

**Q:** (A) Yes, but I don't know how this manipulation goes about quantum jumps. Who is manipulating and how?

**A:** Now imagine forces at 4D adding energy or subtracting energy, or even energy "battles."

**Q:** (A) How to help this poor arm (Laura's arm) so that it will not hurt?

**A:** Acupuncture seems rather effective, eh?

**Q:** (General laughter) (Perceval) How are we shaping up on the potential economic collapse before the end of the year? Is it still on the cards?

**A:** It's looking good isn't it? Even Bill Gates is bailing.

**Q:** (Perceval) Okay.

**A:** Might wait until after Christmas but…?

**Q:** (L) I think we should ask about Mr. Scott going home for Christmas, speaking of which. So, why don't you ask? (Mr. Scott) Would it be a good idea to go home for Thanksgiving or Christmas and deal with my parents so to speak?

**A:** Why?

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Okay… (Long pause)

**A:** Answer please…

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) I don't know. Because it was suggested as perhaps something that would help me to learn to deal with them more effectively or to help me get over being bothered, and…

**A:** Do you think you are going to have to deal with them here?

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Yes, actually, regardless of whether or not they visit… (L) I think they're asking are you going to have to learn to deal with them in an ongoing way. (Mr. Scott) As in… (Galahad) As in could you do it from here? Will you have to do it in any case…

**A:** You need to deal with you.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) How so?

**A:** You are wounded; do you go out and play in the dirt before the wound is closed?

**Q:** (S) Definitely not. Any recommendations - like writing a journal - that would help me heal, besides what I have been doing?

**A:** Good idea. But keep in mind always that they are the parents of the physical not the soul. This is true for all. In some cases, in this particular time in the cycle, many who made plans for this gathering of souls had to take "what you could get" in terms of incarnational options. For the most part strong parent child bonds are part of the genetic body.

**Q:** (Discussion) (Mr. Scott) Just out of curiosity, if I went to the US, would I be able to get out?

**A:** Are you willing to take that chance after considering the last comment?

**Q:** (Discussion) (L) We have the idea that SD is not really ready to be here. Is this idea based on our general analysis probably correct?

**A:** Probably. It should be interesting to observe how he responds to that.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to get nasty?

**A:** Well, agents generally try to "fit." I guess you will know whether he is an agent or not.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is he taking instructions from some agency? Is he here under false pretenses?

**A:** That is highly probable.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is he conscious of being an agent?

**A:** Oh…most probable.

**Q:** (Galahad) You said before that the scales were falling from his eyes. Does this mean there's an internal struggle he's having about the role he's playing?

**A:** Yes, but that was then…

**Q:** (Discussion of response) (Andromeda) Who does he work for?

**A:** He told you.

**Q:** (Discussion about SD's revelations about his past in the military) (L) I want to ask one question. DW seems to be in a conundrum about his current and/or future work. Do you have any suggestions for him?

**A:** He must communicate. Also, there is a need for fresh "blood" in the Signs work. Wonder what a page done by all of you, including Atriedes would be like? Widen the appeal.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Why didn't we do that before? I mean, duh!

**A:** Duh! Indeed.

**Q:** (Galahad) In reading through the transcripts in the 9/11 book, I was confused about the genetic tweak that was made 130,000 years ago. Was that a tweak that was done to all the Semites, so it wasn't only the Jews?

**A:** Question is what is a Semite?

**Q:** (Galahad) You make a remark that this thing with Hitler goes off planet. So was this something that was going on on Kantek before it exploded?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galahad) Did the Semites have a significant role in the collapse of Atlantis?

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (Galahad) So, when we're looking at a replay, we're REALLY looking at a replay!

**A:** Yup.

**Q:** (Discussion of who are the Semites) (Galahad) So the real Semites are the Aryans?

**A:** You got it!

**Q:** (L) So that means that the rank and file of Jews that have carried the tradition, the Arabic types, just took on the tradition and carried it... They were just intermediaries. They stole the significator of the original Semites and applied it to themselves. (Perceval) Semites is like Middle Eastern, isn't it?

**A:** Is it? Was it?

**Q:** (Galahad) Then the genetic tweak, was it made in the Aryan Semites or was it made in the Jews that we know as Jews today?

**A:** Aryan. Reason for destruction of Jews of the "Abrahamic" line.

**Q:** (L) My arm really hurts so I want to say good night.

END OF SESSION

