## August 25, 2006
Laura, Ark, Perceval, Andromeda, Mr. Scott, Guest:SD, Atriedes, Alana, Galahad

**Q:** Hello?

**A:** Over the rainbow.

**Q:** Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ronnjia

**Q:** And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea/Leo.

**Q:** What does "Over the rainbow" refer to?

**A:** End of the world/4th density.

**Q:** (Perceval) Does that mean the end of the world is nigh?

**A:** Somewhere!

**Q:** (Perceval) Okay. {garbled} referring to time loops. (Laura) Well the first question I want to ask… {to Andromeda} well maybe you better ask. (Andromeda) How's Grandma's situation going to turn out? Is she going to be all right?

**A:** Very likely.

**Q:** (Laura) That's not really a very specific question. (Andromeda) All right. Well, is she going to have full recovery?

**A:** Not so likely.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is she going to get well enough to bring over here?

**A:** Right away? No.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is it a good idea to think about bringing her over here?

**A:** Not at present.

**Q:** (Laura) So, a nursing home or with my brother and his wife?

**A:** It is a hard choice, but she will have to have care a normal household cannot provide.

**Q:** (Laura) Is she going to be able to speak again?

**A:** Minimally.

**Q:** (Laura) Is she fully conscious and aware in her entire mind?

**A:** Mostly, loss of some capacity.

**Q:** (Laura) OK, then. (Andromeda) Is there any advice you have to give on how we should handle the situation in general?

**A:** Let developments decide.

**Q:** {Laura and Andromeda discussing whether to ask about A\*\*\*\*\*} (Perceval) I'd like to know what causes Andromeda's back pains and chest issues?

**A:** Stress mostly.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Will the visit to the osteopath help? Is it mostly to do with … something physical? (Perceval) No, it's stress.

**A:** Meditation is the solution in this case.

**Q:** (Perceval) Meditating… (Galahad) Meditate on what makes you stressed. (Laura) Don't ask what makes her stressed, geez, Galahad, we don't have all day. (Galahad) No, no no. That's not… Perceval was saying what should she meditate about. So I was saying, on what she's stressed about. (Perceval) OK. You've got to remember… (Laura) All right. Next? (Atriedes) All right. I'll go. In the Chinese movements of energy, there are five. The Buddhists have it a bit different. Which one is correct or are they both wrong? (Laura) That's two questions, first of all. And it's not really specific. Break it down. (Atriedes) According to the Chinese, there are five movements of energy. Is this correct?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Were the two extra meridians added in to corrupt it or to make it better?

**A:** Corruption, adding elements of another sphere.

**Q:** (Atriedes) When someone strikes a pressure point and knocks somebody out, what is the cause of the person going unconscious?

**A:** Central nervous system shock.

**Q:** So it doesn't have anything to do with pressure points at all?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** But does it have anything to do with the cycle of the five energies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Laura) All right. Come on. Let's get some questions done here. (Ark) Maybe I'll go. I'll ask some questions. I'm in trouble. So, my question is: I'm in trouble because I'm not sure what I should do next, and I see three possibilities. Possibility one is to continue working on these quantum jumps that I already invented several ways of how not to make the light bulb. Nothing works. None of the ideas that I have works so I don't see any way of progressing here but I can keep trying to make the bulb. But maybe this isn't the right way. So the next option, option B, is to move to the old project of the wave, but if so, I would have other questions. And option C is doing something completely different.

**A:** Maybe the wave will lead to the answer to question one.

**Q:** (Ark) I would like to continue. If the wave will lead to the option one, suppose, maybe, but then when I was starting to think about the wave, I got to think that even if originally I was thinking that the wave was leading to option one, I got the idea that the wave could lead to a new theory of gravity, which is not in option one. Is my other thinking also correct?

**A:** Yes and yes.

**Q:** (Ark) All right. We'll see. (Guest:SD) I have two choices. Do I just resign and be at peace with it or do I seek to gain some financial advantage?

**A:** You may gain by being wise as serpent.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) Is there a particular enemy I should be careful of?

**A:** Initials CH.

**Q:** (Laura) Do you know someone with those initials? (Guest:SD) My boss is named D\*\*\*\*, right above him its…{Guest:SD can't think of anyone… thinking} Ah! I didn't say "in the bank". (Perceval) You get the answer to the question you ask. Your question wasn't specific. If you're not specific, then it's very broad…. (Guest:SD) OK. Should I be seeking to leave the bank by the end of September?

**A:** Maybe… but unusual development may delay.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) Is there a time by which I should definitely be in France?

**A:** April drop dead date.

**Q:** (Galahad) "Drop dead date". God! (Perceval) That's a loaded answer. (Galahad) Does "drop dead" apply to Guest:SD or is this more general?

**A:** General.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Oh, great! (Alana) What does it mean "Drop dead date"? (Perceval) What does it sound like? A date that somebody or something drops dead.

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (Andromeda) They love saying that! (Perceval) That's their favorite answer. {Laughter} (Guest:SD) Am I of more use being here or waiting…

**A:** Given the window, and developments around the corner, this question will answer itself.

**Q:** (Laura) They don't give us anything, do they? (Guest:SD) Just to be very, very wise. (Laura) Yes. I think that basically what they are saying is just keep everything open. (Perceval) But by the end of the year you should know if you should be moving somewhere. (Galahad) When you are talking about a development arising for Guest:SD, is this for Guest:SD or something more general?

**A:** Guest:SD…

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Then we have the April drop dead date which is general. (Galahad) But they said there was a development coming very soon. (Mr. Scott) Oh, right. (Atriedes) So long, dude. {Laughter}

**A:** Never underestimate the plans of a pissed-off woman.

**Q:** (All) Ooh! (Guest:SD) M\*\*\*\*?

**A:** That would be telling.

{Guest: SD's subsequent questions and answers deleted for privacy}

**Q:** {Laughter} (Perceval) It's a law of the universe. (Galahad) Have we all been there, or not? (Laura) Oh, boy. Next. Anything else, anybody? (Alana) I don't know. I have so many questions to ask, but they are all general. I couldn't form anything specific in my head. (Atriedes) I do. Are these guys who are saying that the I Ching is connected to DNA, are they crazy?

**A:** Imaginative.

**Q:** (Laura) Weren't we going to ask something? (Guest:SD) Islam. (Laura) Yeah, that was it. (Galahad) And the stuff on the second of September? (Laura) Oh, yeah. What should we do? (Galahad) Are we correct in the calculations that it is the September 2.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Are we correct in the calculations that Elvis will come through the portal? {Laughter} (Perceval) What's going to happen on September 2? I mean other than…

**A:** Try connecting chakras.

**Q:** (Perceval) Who, us? (Mr. Scott) Karaoke!

**A:** Not a bad idea.

**Q:** {Laughter} (Perceval) All right. So we're all gonna (Atriedes) Any particular song that is most conducive? (Perceval) John Lennon's "Imagine". (Alana) That's what I was thinking. (Atriedes) Should we just shake it up baby? (Perceval) The Devil Went Down to Georgia. (Atriedes) Yeah! Wooly Bully! (All) No! (Perceval) Can you imagine what that would magnetize!

**A:** A little meditation wouldn't hurt.

**Q:** (Perceval) As in altogether, on that day?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) In the psychomanteum?

**A:** No. Outside.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about spinning?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Any particular place? I mean, should it be on the grass?

**A:** Back over the underground water.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Counter-clockwise or clockwise?

**A:** Different strokes… What feels right for each.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) What does back by the underground water mean? (Perceval) Out back by the underground water where the streams come through. (Laura) We have that underground stream that runs into the grotto and runs into the pond. (Mr. Scott) So we're all going to go sit back there and meditate and hope that the neighbors aren't watching us. (Perceval) And spin, spin, spin. (Galahad) Spin and meditate. (Perceval) Spin and meditate? We're whirling dervishes?

**A:** Bonfire would be nice. Use the olive oil.

**Q:** {Laughter} (Galahad) Use the Israeli olive oil! (Perceval) It's a perfect way to use the olive oil! We'll have a bonfire and we will burn the evil. It will be transmuted by the bonfire. We will take that olive oil that was ill-gotten, through spilt blood, and we will burn it on the bonfire. (Ark) Should we first fix the monument on the mount, make it straight? (Andromeda) We should bring it down.

**A:** Good idea.

**Q:** (Perceval) Set her up straight? (Ark) Yeah. (Galahad) Fix St Theresa. (Mr. Scott) That's a project for tomorrow. (Perceval) We'll all get out there and straighten that statue. (Laura) That sucker's heavy! (Perceval) All we need is a tractor and a rope. (Mr. Scott) That tractor can't even go up a small incline! (Perceval) A long rope, you know. (Laura) Maybe we can get the neighbor to bring the big tractor over. Tell him we want… (Perceval) No, we'll be able to do it. (Galahad) Yeah. "What are you doing on the second, neighbor?" (Perceval) So we're just going to hang out and have a party, a little meditation and spinning. (Galahad) And a bonfire. (Perceval) We're going to burn some olive oil. You know, hootin' and hollerin'. (Andromeda) Would it be useful to involve other people in this, make it a worldwide thing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) Should I do something in Singapore?

**A:** Absolutely. But don't tell M\*\*\* why.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) What should I do and where should I do it?

**A:** Barbeque?

**Q:** (Guest:SD) A barbeque? (Perceval) It is the symbolism. Fire and what you're doing it for. You don't tell M\*\*\*\* and those coals are the fire. (Guest:SD) Where?

**A:** Spin with K\*\*\*\*… Park out in nature. The BBQ is just the ruse for fire.

**Q:** (Laura) Is there a park out in nature where they have barbeque things? (Guest:SD) There's a park on the east coast. (Laura) Are there a lot of people? (Perceval) You can go for a walk. You can say "K\*\*\*, let's just spin around". (Laura) Do you have a balcony with a BBQ? (Guest:SD) No. (Perceval) No, they can go to a park. (Guest:SD) The East Coast Park. (Laura) So go for a walk and do some spinning. You know, you spin and fall on the ground. (Guest:SD) Should anybody else be with K\*\*\* and myself?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about music? Should there be any music? (Mr. Scott) Pink Floyd?

**A:** Celtic is always good. Got a piper?

**Q:** (Perceval) Do we have a piper? (Galahad) Michael Collins? (Laura) I wrote him a nasty letter today. (Galahad) Yeah? (Laura) Yeah. I listened to that interview and I just told him he ought to be ashamed of himself. (Guest:SD) What about pipes? (Laura) Take a little portable radio out with you and listen to some good music with pipes. What do you call those funny pipes? (Perceval) Uilleann pipes. (Guest:SD) Like Riverdance. (Laura) Yeah. (Guest:SD) What time of day should I do this?

**A:** 2241 UT.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) 2241 UT. (Laura) Greenwich time. (Galahad) So for you it will be the Sunday. (Guest:SD) Yeah! Five o'clock in the morning! {Laughter} (Laura) It will be? Five o'clock in the morning on a Sunday? (Guest:SD) 2241 UT is Greenwich time, so I add eight hours. So it's 6:41 on Sunday the morning. I supposed to go out for a barbeque with K\*\*\* on a Sunday morning at 6:41?! {Laughter} (Laura) Bacon! (Galahad) You go camping. (Atriedes) You go camping that night. (Galahad) You take K\*\*\* camping that night. (Alana) Is there a place you can camp in Singapore? (Guest:SD) You can. (Mr. Scott) That's the perfect…there you go. Then M\*\*\* won't go camping. (Perceval) What's more natural than a father and son going camping? (Laura) And building a fire cooking some bacon in the morning. Really early. (Perceval) Let's get up early. (Guest:SD) Before the sun comes up! (Laura) And you've got to do this exercise because it's kind of like … what is that thing where you kind of dance around? (Atriedes) Tai chi. (Laura) Tai chi! It's a tai chi exercise. (Guest:SD) Whatever! Whatever! (Perceval) You tell K\*\*\*\* you need to get up at the crack of dawn and watch the sun come up. (Laura) And we're going to get ourselves prepared for watching the sun come up by doing this tai chi thing. Spinning. (Mr. Scott) And you have the barbeque. (Laura) Meanwhile you're going to have the bacon barbequing on the grill. (Guest:SD) So this is the scenario. K\*\*\* and I spinning around in the East Coast Park in Singapore at 6:41 on Sunday the third of September Singapore time, will I be somewhere near what I am meant to be doing?

**A:** Real close!

**Q:** {Laughter} (Atriedes) It's a real challenge! (Perceval) They said it was going to be a hell of a ride. They just didn't say the details! (Laura) Let's put it this way. It's going to be a hell of a ride if you do nothing. (Guest:SD) Yes. OK. (Laura) If you do a few weird things like that, it may make it less of a hell of a ride. (Guest:SD) Should I be looking out for anything? Or do I do this? How long do I do this for? (Laura) What? (Guest:SD) Spinning on the beach with K\*\*\* before sunrise!?

**A:** 33 times.

**Q:** (Guest:SD) Holding hands, spinning around? Or individually. (Laura) Individually spin. Do you want to know how I spin? (Guest:SD) It's arms out like this? {Puts arms straight out} (Laura) Which hand goes up? I think the left hand goes palm up, right hand goes palm down. (Andromeda) To each his own, though. (Laura) Well, that stays the same. And what I do is I spin to the left, clockwise, and what you do is keep your eye on your hand. You watch your hand. (Perceval) Watching your hand helps you stop from becoming dizzy. (Laura) Yeah, because you keep your eyes... (Galahad) And then when you're done, you bring your palms together like this in front of your chest and press them together very, very hard, and that tends to centre you again more quickly from the dizziness. (Laura) Well, I always enjoyed just falling down and floating in the water. (Andromeda) Or on the ground. (Laura) I always did my spinning in the pool. (Perceval) You've got it easy. You're going to be on a camping trip with your son, and you're going to get up at the crack of dawn, and that's a fun thing to do. You can say, "K\*\*\*, you know those Sufis, the whirling dervishes?" I'm not giving you an answer. I'm saying we're going to be down there, all ten of us, in the back in the mud probably! And the neighbors are going to be maybe strolling past, or people in the field watching us! (Laura) We have to go down there and pick our spot, and get it clean and ready, build our bonfire, and get everything ready. (Guest:SD) Should I be camping with K\*\*\*?

**A:** Why not, it works!

**Q:** (Laura) Whatever works. (Perceval) You do what works. (Laura) So why is your stomach churning so bad? (Guest:SD) Having to face reality. I thought I'd be able to find a nice, neat way through it.

**A:** Self importance will getcha every time.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's the really hard one. {Personal discussion deleted} (Guest:SD) OK. Make like I am staying, suggest I am not moving to France, but we are moving to the UK. What month should I ship the possessions?

**A:** Nov

**Q:** (Guest:SD) What other preparations should I be doing?

**A:** Make friends, influence people, master self importance, do recapitulation.

**Q:** (Alana) What is recapitulation? (Guest:SD) Looking at your life. (Galahad) Going back over your life and looking at yourself. (Laura) Without mercy or without self-pity. (Perceval) You get a realistic assessment of yourself. (Alana) Is it better to do the recapitulation all at once, at one time, or are you better to do it slowly, slowly in smaller steps?

**A:** It is impossible to do all at once unless your intent is to leave the body.

**Q:** (Alana) Thank you. (Perceval) You would die of shock. (Guest:SD) Are there any particular things I should be focusing on?

**A:** Assumptions and illusions, projecting.

**Q:** (Laura) Assuming and projecting that other people feel the same way you do. That's what we all deal with. That's a tough one. (Guest:SD) So what they are saying is that I got myself into the soup, so I need to look at the ways I got myself into the same soup in the past, and find a way to extricate myself. (Laura) Yeah. (Guest:SD) OK. So the first thing is to assess the situation and understand I need to separate. That's the first thing. I need to acknowledge that. The second thing I need to understand is how I got into that situation because that will give me a clue on how to exit it. (Alana) Can you see the situation from the outside?

(Andromeda) The weather this last year has been kinda strange. Is it going to be worse?

**A:** Expect early snow.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's what I said! I'm telling you! We're going to go straight into winter! (Andromeda) No!!! (Perceval) September 3! No, September 2, snow. (Alana) No, I'll be on a plane! Will I have a safe trip home?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) We're going to be dancing in the snow, spinning in the snow. (Laura) I don't think it is going to snow that early! (Galahad) We're going to create the snow. {Private exchanges removed.}

**Q:** {Laughter} (Alana) Should I be moving out of {my home country}?

**A:** Sooner or later.

**Q:** (Perceval) You can decide to move sooner, or you can be forced to move later. {Laura) Let's say "Goodnight, Gracie". My arm is getting tired. Anything else you've really gotta ask? (Mr. Scott) Goodnight, Gracie.

**A:** Goodnight.

END OF SESSION

