# 2006
## July 29, 2006
C's should come from Leo now

I realized that I really need to try to keep up with getting all the sessions published, so here is the one that should answer that question:

Laura, Ark, Perceval, Andromeda, Galahad, Mr. Scott, Galatea, Atriedes

**A:** 3 Nights! Ok

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Eilltea

**Q:** (L) Where are you transmitting from?

**A:** Leo 3 nights!

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us what the 3 nights signifies?

**A:** Just wait and see!

(L) Who wants to start with questions?

**Q:** (Galahad) Why are they coming through Leo?

**A:** We said "next stop."

**Q:** (Laura to Ark): That battery will fall of the table if you don't watch. (Ark lifts the battery and hits his funny bone on the chair and the battery flies out of his hand) (J: It didn't just fall off the table it flew off the table!) (A: Now I have electrical fingers) Laura: ok, next question.

(Galahad) Is there going to be something significant in our realm about the fact that you are now coming through Leo?

**A:** Oh yes! Help is on the way!

**Q:** (Galahad) Is this related to some of the interesting tests that we've been having recently as well?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (Ark) "What tests Galahad?" (Galahad) Well we've been having a fairly intense past few months I was thinking E\*\*\*\*, A\*\*\*, L\*\*\* G\*\*\*...

**Q:** (Ark) Is there imminent danger?

**A:** No

**Q:** (J): Do they mean to us? (Ark) well its only three nights! (laughter) (Perceval) are we allowed to guess? (Laura) let's just wait and see. (Perceval) (plaintively) No! (laughter) (Galahad) we've got time to put a whole website warning the whole world! (laughter). (Perceval) Think of all the hits we would get! (more laughter). It could be the economy or a big a quake or… we could win the lottery. (Mr. Scott) Well it could be something that happens for three nights but in a month from now. (L) let's just leave it, its more fun having a mystery! Ok, so let's get on with the questions.

{Personal questions of Galahad deleted for privacy}

**Q:** (L) Okay next question:

(Galatea) What is the invisible creature that keeps playing the piano when I am in the salon? (Galatea had said that the chords of the piano would sound like they were plucked when she was alone in the room)

**A:** You.

**Q:** (Galatea) what do they mean me?

**A:** EM bursts

**Q:** (Galatea) What's that? (Others explain what EM bursts are)

**A:** Suppressed music.

**Q:** (Explanation by others to Galatea about poltergeist activity and creativity and it needing a channel, otherwise it comes out in other ways)

**A:** You have vast untapped talents. Stop watching TV; it produces suppressor chemicals in the brain

**Q:** (Galatea) what were those weird people I saw from a distance on the road who were making weird movements?

**A:** Disabled.

**Q:** (Galatea) What happened to the car I saw that disappeared?

**A:** Dissociation on your part.

**Q:** (explanation to Galatea about dissociative states)

**A:** Again, stop with the TV already!

**Q:** (Galatea) What are the weird squiggly lights I see in my bedroom at night on the wall?

**A:** 053 DNA activation

**Q:** (Galatea) what is that?

**A:** Codon nomenclature:

**Q:** (Galatea) what does that mean? (explanation to Galatea about codons and that this is probably a meta-scientific designation for a specific DNA codon)

**A:** Will be.

**Q:** (discussion that the "053" is possibly a future name for a certain type of DNA. Galatea asks further questions about DNA and turning it on and what the lights are and what they mean)

**A:** Higher perceptions.

**Q:** (Galatea) does that mean I have higher perceptions?

**A:** Bleed through; you are sensitive.

**Q:** (Galatea) Who was I in my previous life? Was I Marilyn Monroe?

**A:** Later.

**Q:** (Galatea wonders what "later" means and is told that it probably means to ask at a later date, although it seems Galatea thinks it means to ask later in the session)

(Atriedes) can George Dillman do a no touch KO and kill with sound?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Did the people from Kantek bring a martial art with them?

**A:** Of course, how do you think they destroyed their planet?

**Q:** (Atriedes) is this the martial art that eventually made it to China?

**A:** Not china, further back than that. You are on the right track with dances.

**Q:** (Atriedes) is there a way to construct these dances from examples?

**A:** You can see a close replica in Celtic dances.

**Q:** (Atriedes) (something like "were these dances then used for some kind of martial art?)

**A:** Dancing aligned power cells.

**Q:** (discussion that the dances provided the power and then you could do whatever you wanted with that power, some used it for one thing, some for another)

**A:** All so called "martial arts" are attempts to do physically via "techniques" what was once done by pure energy mastery.

**Q:** (Laura) ok next question:

(Perceval) J\*\*\* would like to know what the small black dot under his right middle finger and left hand index finger are?

**A:** Calcifications.

**Q:** (Perceval) A build up of calcium?

**A:** Lactic acid crystals.

**Q:** (L) I suppose I better ask the question for S\*\*\*... but I don't really know exactly what the question is, maybe it is better to let her frame it herself (Galahad: as long as she doesn't mind waiting a few months!) Laura: ok, maybe we'll just ask if there is any advice for S\*\*\*.

**A:** For now, she is starting on a helpful path. Wait and give it time to work.

**Q:** (Perceval) Over 11 years ago you said that the Nazi master race idea was for the purposes of creating a breeding ground for the reintroduction of the Nephilim for total control of 3rd density prior to elevation to 4th, and that this failed. At the time Laura asked what their plan was now, and you said that you could not say because she would seek to reveal it leading to her destruction. So my question is, (with mirth) have we evolved to a high enough degree that we can know now?

**A:** You already figured it out.

**Q:** {Everyone looks to Perceval as though he figured something out}. (Perceval) Well I didn't really figure anything out, I was just thinking about it and decided that the new plan was to introduce the psychopaths in order to effect the total control of the planet along certain lines)

**A:** And "culling" the non-psychopaths.

**Q:** (Perceval) What was the helicopter doing that was seen flying over WTC 2 through the smoke just before its collapse? What was the source of the bright flashes that were seen that appeared to come from where the helicopter was through the smoke at the same time?

**A:** Photography.

**Q:** (Perceval) What's going on with the guys in Canada with the car windows being smashed? Is there a threat there they need to be aware of?

**A:** No more than the threat to you here.

**Q:** (Galatea) Oh! Who was the guy I saw in the yard at seven am one morning who was walking on our driveway?

**A:** Local helper snoop.

**Q:** (unplugged tape recorder is discovered and reconnected)

(Perceval) What percentage of the alleged Palestinian suicide bombings over the past 6 years have actually been carried out by Palestinian suicide bombers?

**A:** 0.05%

**Q:** (Perceval) That's disgraceful. You see how bad that is? You see what they have done to an entire people? (Stunned silence.)

**A:** That may increase dramatically, however.

**Q:** (Perceval) yeah well they've set it up with the claims that Iran has thousands of suicide bombers ready to attack the west (L) I think the percentage of people in a population who would be psychologically (prepared to do this) is very small (Perceval) yeah, it's tiny (L) and therefore the fact that there is this many means that these individuals who are been programmed or worked on psychologically or have been set up and don't even know that they are suicide bombers, that's what I would say, because even in a so called "fanatic population" the number of people who actually gonna go and blow themselves up….under any circumstances is real small. I mean, how many suicide bombers have there been in Ireland (Perceval) exactly, none! And among other supposedly "terrorist" wars that has gone on, they don't do it. (L) yeah, it has been a huge defamation thing. (Galahad) yeah. (Perceval) well they completely denigrated a billion people in the minds of western people as crazy, as people who blow themselves up!

**Q:** (Perceval) Why was WTC7 collapsed?

**A:** Cover up command center and other wrong-doing including secret records.

**Q:** (Perceval) Did the Nazis use gas chambers to kill Jews?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Perceval) How many Jews in total were killed by the Nazis in the Holocaust?

**A:** 3.2 million.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Did they kill them by other means?

**A:** Yes. Shooting, starvation, experiments, diseases including deliberate infection for experiment.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Well that's pretty funny because, if there were no gas chamber, Israel can go in and kill as many Arabs as they want and no one can ever say "you're doing what Hitler did" because they'll say "no, we're not using gas chambers" we're not that horrid, and yet it never happened. (Galahad) Yeah, but essentially it's the same list of items that they have on track for the rest of us today.

**Q:** (Perceval) What was the real story behind the Dick Cheney shooting of Whittington?

**A:** Woman issue while drinking.

**Q:** (laughter, you're serious?!) (Perceval) Did Dick Cheney ever hunt human beings in the literal sense?

**A:** Well, that is an interesting question… the short answer is: has, does, plans for greater quarry.

**Q:** (Ark) I have to make a break (L) Arm? (Ark) yes. Break, and tape stopped for a few minutes while Ark rested his arm which was getting tired. Discussion of last answer where Perceval states that Cheney is the most disgusting human being ever to walk the planet. More discussion of the depravity of hunting human beings and what "plans for greater quarry might mean.

**Q:** (Perceval) What is the origin of Morgellons disease?

**A:** Off planet plague.

**Q:** (Galahad) Oh geez! (Perceval) Is it set to become more..eh..widespread throughout the…

**A:** To those who are genetically predisposed.

**Q:** (Perceval) Got a number?

**A:** Open.

**Q:** (Galahad) And is this something that the pathocrats are aware of and doing consciously?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Perceval) maybe it's something to do with alien interactions or alien abductions…(L) yeah, what if they catch it from lizards, I mean I've read about abductions where people get salmonella after claimed Lizard abductions…(Galahad) it's like a lizards venereal disease… (Perceval) it's a disease where it feels like bugs are crawling under your skin and lesions form and thin, hair-like filaments grow out of the lesions. (Atriedes) It's really kind of weird (Perceval) Yeah, it's really sci-fi. (L) Ok, next question. (Perceval) Ok, last one: What was the source of the Ummite business?

**A:** 3D program experiment.

**Q:** (Perceval) Poor Jean Pierre. (L) You got any questions Mr. Scott? (Mr. Scott) No.. (Atriedes) I've one or two about photo reading/ (L) what about photo reading? (Atriedes) I dunno, (L) well it better be important Ark's arm is tired…(Galahad) Do the Arabs carry the same anti-Nephilim genes that the Cs once said was in the original Jews?

**A:** Many, yes.

**Q:** (Galahad) Today, do populations outside of those Jewish and Arab communities carry it as well?

**A:** Many.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's all the decent people who can spot evil staring them in the face. (L to Atriedes) what did you want to ask about photo reading?

**Q:** (Atriedes): Is photo reading in any way successful…

**A:** Up to you.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Is there any way I can improve my photo reading other than just practice?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Galatea asks to finish her last question) (L) Ok, one last question. (Galatea) ok, who was I in my past life

**A:** Later.

**Q:** (L) I think they meant later in terms of years, when you're older. (Galahad) yeah, they didn't mean later in the session (laughter) (Galatea) What do you mean: later in years? (Galahad) that means when you're older (Galatea) When I'm older I'll know? (Perceval) When you're older you'll know, or… (Galatea), what does later mean?

**A:** Years.

**Q:** (L) ok, should we say "goodnight Gracie"? Oh, wait; is there anything you want to tell any of us that we haven't asked?

**A:** You are on top of things.

**Q:** (L) Alright, goodnight Gracie.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

