## June 12, 2008
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Perceval, Psyche, Mr. Scott, PoB, Atriedes

**A:** Hello

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Noloneia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through or from?

**A:** Cassiopaea. You are all shell shocked. Recent events have sapped your strength. Short session required.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, what we want to ask about are the recent events. Just exactly what was operating in or through {name deleted} during the last - well, since he's been here?

**A:** (L) What has always run him: sheer mechanical chemistry.

**Q:** (L) What was operating in {name deleted}?

**A:** Much the same. However, it is not normal for her.

**Q:** (L) If it's not normal for her, what is it about someone like {name deleted}, who apparently it IS normal for, that can trigger or stimulate that [non-normal energy in {name deleted}]?

**A:** Something like bodily resonance.

**Q:** (L) So, it's not what I thought, which was drawing out or hooking into deep emotional nature?

**A:** Oh indeed, emotional center is activated by chemistry, but that generally is supposed to work the other way.

**Q:** (L) You mean the emotions are supposed to trigger the chemicals, is that correct? Rather than chemicals triggering emotions?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Was I correct in my assessment of {name deleted} as the chimerical type?

**A:** Yes, only he does not have an emotional center.

**Q:** (L) So I was wrong saying it [his emotional center] was just stupefied.

**A:** Yes. Strange creatures, yes?

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that we should not have {name deleted} working with our projects?

**A:** Not necessarily, but he must be watched closely.

**Q:** (L) So what makes any one us susceptible to that kind of resonance so that chemistry can completely overwhelm or trigger emotions that have no matching response? How can we protect ourselves against that?

**A:** It is indeed difficult because such creatures are amazing mimics, yes?

**Q:** (L) How many people are born without emotional centers? Are they born that way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) How many people like that are on the planet?

**A:** Many. Quite often authoritarian types.

**Q:** (Ark) What is the advantage for someone having no emotions, some not evident advantage?

**A:** Easily become tools of intrigue.

**Q:** (L) Well that's not good. (Perceval) Was there any sense of {name deleted} being used as a tool against us in some way?

**A:** Oh, indeed. The intent was however to subvert {name deleted}.

**Q:** (Perceval) Was that dream I had of being attacked that {name deleted} appeared in, was that...?

**A:** A disturbance in the force indeed. Ark shivered in anguish.

**Q:** (Ark) What shivered? (L) Remember that dream that Perceval had that he was talking about, and it was really a bad dream about being attacked or chased or something, and he was having that dream the same night that you woke up shivering and having all that weird stuff going on? And we couldn't figure out what was happening with you. And then we asked the C's about it and they said something about the "war leader is connected to his warriors, a disturbance [in the force]", etc. That almost suggests a direct attack on Perceval...

**A:** Close. You must never forget that this is a real war at the deepest levels, a war for souls and the future. All of you here are crucial to the successful outcome. All sorts of ploys will be utilized to destroy your unity. This was begun at your births and includes early childhood torture at the hands of those most susceptible to control in your lives. This was intended to make dysfunctional traits that would interfere with the successful completion of your respective missions. It is a great challenge. But you knew it beforehand and were strengthened for the task.

**Q:** (L) Any other questions? (Ark) Yes, I want to know if Les Visible's visit was an accident, or was he here to accomplish something?

**A:** Subliminally, perhaps, but a blip on your radar.

**Q:** (Atriedes) I have a minor question. When he touched me to do my neck thing, after about a minute or two, I had my eyes closed and I saw what looked like an alien face - sort of like blatantly Hollywood alien silhouette faces. Then he immediately jumped his hands off me and had to leave, and he told me something like...

**A:** It saw you looking!

**Q:** (Atriedes) Oh. I was kind of creeped out by that. (L) Creepy! (Atriedes) Very creepy, actually!

**A:** Les is loaded.

**Q:** (L) Any other questions? What are we going to do about {name deleted}? (discussion) (Perceval) Is not having an emotional center the same as being a psychopath?

**A:** Not exactly, but close.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Does he feel any emotions?

**A:** Not what you call true emotions. But you haven't experienced the full range either. Most of what you experience is chemical, though there is a true emotional component. You are still the "princess in the tower" kept captive by the dragons set to keep you captive.

**Q:** (L) What are the dragons?

**A:** Fear and distortions of your emotional center programmed into you in childhood. You bit the apple and fell into a trance.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Not permanently though, right?

**A:** True love conquers all. But chemicals usually only feed the dragon; at least as long as the dragon is master.

**Q:** (Ark) This lack of emotional center, is this to some extent genetic?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ark) How it comes to... like every second generation, or father to son, or what?

**A:** Mother to son. If father is "the son" and marries one like himself, it can also manifest in a daughter.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is that similar to psychopathy? (L) Pretty close, yeah. Can you grow an emotional center if you don't have one?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (G) Is it like a malignant narcissist?

**A:** Close. Do not underestimate the ability to mimic and to also generate bodily resonance.

A creature without an emotional center is quite a "thing", eh?

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) They keep saying "creature". That's really freaky. (Perceval) Is someone without an emotional center very susceptible to being possessed or "walked into"?

**A:** No. What self-respecting "spook" would want to eat at a restaurant that serves food made of air? Like stone soup before the neighbors came.

**Q:** (L) In other words, possession is a quality [process] of eating emotions. There have to be emotions. (Andromeda) What drives them, then?

**A:** Pure "nature". That's why there is so strong a bodily resonance. In a strange way they are more closely connected to the "divine stuff" of creation than you are. The sex center is directly connected with that heavy sleeping matter that just "loves to be loved" and creative.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What exactly is bodily resonance? (L) Is it something like limbic resonance?

**A:** Close but not exactly. It is similar to a forced vibration. When a creature with those properties is in proximity to wounded or weakened prey they can force the weakened body to their own frequency. Imagine a violin that has no music emanating. Then imagine some primitive string stretched taut. When it is plucked strongly, it doesn't matter how the violin is tuned. It will respond, and produce distortions of its true sound. Call it a "crime of opportunity" with other forces plucking his string. A one note samba, no doubt.

**Q:** (L) Okay. We've gotta wrap this up. Last questions? Okay... Anything we need to know before we shut down for the night?

**A:** You need rest. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

