## May 25, 2008
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Joe, S\*\*, Psyche, Scotty, PoB, Patience

**A:** Welcome!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** 5 near of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Why five?

**A:** It's a special occasion!

**Q:** (L) You haven't met our new baby. We haven't had a session since we got Cherie. What do you think of Cherie?

**A:** Gorgeous!

**Q:** You have very good taste. Do you have anything to say before we start questions?

**A:** Pace it slow.

**Q:** (L) I have the idea that we should make a video to show people how to safely and effectively use a board-type instrument to work through their issues, to find out what's lurking in their own subconscious mind, possibly to do spirit release therapy on themselves (one of the few ways it can be done), and just in general to bring some light to the topic of using a board-type instrument as a means for self-development. What do you think about this idea?

**A:** 5 of us think it is stupendous!!!

**Q:** (L) Are there any particular dangers to this plan? If people who are ignorant or spiritually weak would attempt to use a board-type instrument, obviously they would have problems. Is that not correct?

**A:** Of course, but that is just the sort of person who would try trance channeling with absolutely no warning system in operation.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by a warning system?

**A:** No conscious feedback.

**Q:** (L) What about people who talk about having played with a Ouija board or spirit board and they had some sort of bad experience and they felt like there was something evil there and they got scared away or creeped out? What about those kinds of stories?

**A:** Some of them are true, but most of them are just made up.

**Q:** (L) What about the ones that are true?

**A:** That is what we mean about a "warning system."

**Q:** (L) What do you mean that's what you mean by a warning system?

**A:** Those kinds of entities are around a lot of people, they just don't know it unless they interact in a way that removes the veil and exposes the fact.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that when they use a board, it shows them what's there, and otherwise it's there and they don't know it. Is that what you're saying?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And does that also mean that if such people were to try some other form of channeling, that they would be interacting with something that their conscious mind would not perceive as yucky or unpleasant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And why is that?

**A:** When an invitation to "come in" is given, the entity can produce pleasant sensations that override the conscious warning system. When a board type device is used, it gives a distance and a layer of protection. You then can choose if you wish to continue the contact or not. You don't have that choice when the entity has already been invited "in".

**Q:** (L) So it's kind of like the vampire movie! The vampire says, "Enter freely and of your own free will!" And if you do, you're screwed. And if you say, "Come in and talk to me, you're my higher self!" you're screwed! Very interesting. So in other words, when people are using the board and they have an unpleasant experience, it's actually a good thing because it's warning them to not proceed and to have no further contact with that entity. They can choose to send that entity on down the road. Is that basically it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And can they then ask for another entity - well, I don't want to say that... Will that entity go away if they tell them to go?

**A:** Yes, normally: and they also have their full body sensorium to warn in the event that the entity does not. But having said that, it is also important to remember that most entities that are encountered this way are already "in residence." A person who has a direct personal encounter with a repellent entity is usually only meeting the "neighbors".

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that what people most often encounter in these exercises will be attached entities that they don't even know are in residence in their space? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, anybody who encounters something really yucky and wants to throw the board away has just thrown away probably one of the best methods for finding out about this entity and helping to get rid of it. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Because, just because they have thrown the board away, that doesn't mean the entity they've encountered has gone away. He has just been enticed to speak, and once the board is gone, he goes back to lurking. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Most unpleasant. (J) Is there ever a case where using a board could attract an entity that wasn't there beforehand? That seems to be the key question...

**A:** Yes, if the individual is knowledgable and the entity needs help. Also it must be made plain that young people, because of their natural tendency to dissociate, ought not to be around such activity.

**Q:** (Ark) Well, we still have the question about what happens to passive participants. (L) Passive participants in what respect? (Ark) I mean because we were talking about people who do the session, and they are so to say "active" at the board, but there are usually observers and a lot of entities attach to them...

**A:** That can present problems in some cases. Ideally all participants and attendees ought to be "clean."

**Q:** (L) Alright. So we'll deal with that some other time. Anybody have any other questions? So essentially, making the video is a good idea, and we have lots of information to share and most of my ideas pretty much have been confirmed thus far by what you said - with some additional information that I hadn't thought of. Anybody else have other questions about the topic? That pretty much really covers the essential elements, doesn't it? What about other questions. (Ark) What about Mercury retrograde and all the other strange events like computer crashes? (L) Yes, we've had an unusual number of strange events. Computer crashes, deja vu, breakage of odd objects here and there, losing files, the sound of a massive tree branch falling only we couldn't find anything that had fallen... Although we did find some broken tiles that looked like they had fallen off the roof, but nothing apparent that could have made them fall. So, can you tell us what this kind of thing was/is?

**A:** Dynamic energies being released by females present. Each is symbolic to each female involved.

**Q:** (L) So, I lost a file and had a computer crash. PoB had deja vu about her car. (PoB) And a dream about {Ark's daughter}. (L) And the falling things. Who all heard the falling things? (Andromeda) I heard it. (Psyche and PoB) Me too! (laughter) (L) Does it involve all three of the women? Who dunnit?

**A:** Andromeda.

**Q:** (L) And why? (laughter) When was it? (J) A week ago or so. (Andromeda) I did it on purpose! (L) Yeah, if we could control that kind of stuff, what we couldn't do! (Scott) Yeah, if we could just make this energy rake up leaves and burn them, that would be cool. (L) Well, we'll have to figure out what big thumpy falling things means... something that lands with a thud. (J) Well, it was like a commotion in the branches, but then there was no thud. (L) Oh, no thud, but commotion in the branches. (Andromeda) Yeah, it sounded like a branch broke and hit a bunch of branches on the way down. (J) It lasted for a few seconds. (L) Very strange. Any comment about that?

**A:** No. Up to Andromeda to decipher.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Was it positive or negative? Can I have a clue?

**A:** Neutral energy burst.

**Q:** (L) Any other questions? How about you, Patience? (Patience) I guess so... (L) Well gee Patience! There are people all over this planet that are just dying to be sitting here, and have questions galore. And you don't even have one question? What am I, chopped liver? (J) They'd all clam up too if they were sitting here. Ya know, "Ask these questions for me!" (L) Oh, how often should I use my infrared sauna?

**A:** Every day for a week and then every other day.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about the chickens? Why are the chickens dying? (L) How many died? (J) Four now. (L) Have we been giving them food and water? (Andromeda) It's the guinea fowl! It's pickin' em off! (discussion) (L) So why are our chickens dying?

**A:** Goal products.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean? (discussion of what answer means) (J) Does that mean some of the synthetic stuff lying around, like the expandy foam?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Scott) Oh! What about the Veraxyl that I put on the chicken ramp? (L) The who? (Scott) The anti-mold, anti-fungus, anti-bug stuff that I put on the wooden chicken ramp?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Scott) Uh-oh! So, can we wash it or what?

**A:** Take it out.

**Q:** (Scott) D'OH! That's why they aren't walking up the chicken ramp. They start to walk up the ramp and then just fall over dead! (S\*\*) At least it's not bird flu or anything...

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Alrighty then, so I guess if we're reduced to asking questions about our chickens, we're at the end tonight. Thank you for being with us.

**A:** Goodbye

END OF SESSION

