# 2008
## March 21, 2008
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Perceval, SM, Psyche, Mr. Scott, PoB, Ailen

**A:** Hello!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us?

**A:** Puronuia of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Alright, the first thing I think on everyone's mind is the issue of E\_\_ P\_\_ and his law suit. What is E\_\_ P\_\_'s motivation in suing us?

**A:** Pathological narcissism

**Q:** (L) Does he actually think he'll get anything?

**A:** Of course. Wishful thinking reigns supreme in his little kingdom.

**Q:** (L) What is the likelihood of us getting the case dismissed?

**A:** Very good

**Q:** (L) Do his attorney's actually believe that there is any chance of his case succeeding?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Why are they eh... assisting him in this absurd activity?

**A:** Why do you think??

**Q:** (L) Well... money?

**A:** You got it! A fool and his money etc... Worry not, Walter is not bad. He knows his stuff. {Walter is QFG's Lead Atty.}

**Q:** (L) Okay, I think the next question on everyone's mind is what was this incident that Perceval had last night?

**A:** Slippage of defenses

**Q:** (L) And why are the defenses slipping?

**A:** Recent breach in energetic union.

{break to search for Laura's glasses}

**Q:** (L) Any follow ups? (Perceval) Do you want to know what that answer was? (L) Well, you're the one that had the issue? (Perceval) No, but do you know what was said in the last answer? (L) I dunno, what was it? (Perceval) "recent breach in energetic union" (L) What do you mean by recent breach in energetic union?

**A:** A man draws his energy for battle from his "lady fair." When he has this energy, he is supposed to utilize it not only for battle, but also for "building the castle". When there is any break in the chain, he not only loses his "battle energy" but also his castle. Why do you think the legends of the "grail" speak of these things? And also fairy stories? A true warrior cannot be strong against the enemy without the lady. The lady cannot provide the energy without the castle and the "bower" of love.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) What's a bower? (L) I don't know. A bower is... (Ark) German? The builder, yes? (L) Well, what I always heard of as a bower was a place in a garden where you had like a structure that flowers grew on and you had like little chairs and tables and you'd sit there and it was nice and pretty and pleasant. (Perceval points to tapestry behind on wall) (L) Well yeah that's like a bower. Is that the right idea for a bower on the picture behind me?

**A:** Yes. And the warrior on his knees aiming to please is also a part of the dynamic. After all, it is honorable to bow before the author of the force for good. You don't need the ruffles though. (laughter) Study fairy tales to discover.

**Q:** (L) Next, or have we finished with this topic? (planchette moves across the board towards Laura's tea cup) (L) You want some tea? (laughter) (Ark) But I was thinking about that (laughter – Ark takes a drink of tea) (L) What great esoteric secrets do we want to ask about? (PoB) Ask about H\_\_. (L) Oh yes, what's the deal with H\_\_?

**A:** Difficult struggle made more difficult by genetics.

**Q:** (L) What genetics?

**A:** Brain chemistry. He would greatly benefit from schedule and food guidance.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Helps the chemistry to be less of an obstacle.

**Q:** (L) He doesn't get the right amount of ambient light because he stays up at night under false light and sleeps during the day and there is a lot of literature on that topic. The growth hormone and everything. (Mr. Scott) Should we ask about the food part, maybe the genotype diet is wrong for him... (L) He doesn't follow it... he eats what he wants, drinks coffee (PoB) He was planning on starting it when he got back. (Andromeda) Well would the genotype diet be good for him?

**A:** Very good start.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is it better than the blood type diet?

**A:** Different goals.

**Q:** (L) The two different diets have different goals? (Psyche) Maybe its because the genotype diet is more complete in a sense because it covers more genes and the blood type does just one?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ark) Are KitKats good for me?

**A:** Not usually. Try peanut butter and maple syrup on crackers.

**Q:** (Ark) What about Mars? (laughter)

**A:** No!!!!!!!

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) Arky, you should ask about Snickers, they have peanuts in them. (Ark) Oh! What about snickers? (laughter)

**A:** Ditto.

**Q:** (Ark) there must be something else that has peanut butter... .(Perceval) Arky, you have to make your own..(Ark) No, there must be like a hundred things, we only have a session once a month, I will change what I ask about.

**A:** They are loaded with chemicals.

**Q:** (Ark) What? (Perceval) You have to make your own, and make them taste good and they won't have chemicals... (Ark) Okay, good... kogel mogel... .(L) I will make you peanut butter and maple syrup... (Ark) Is kogel mogel good?

**A:** What happened last time?

**Q:** (Perceval) That's what I was about to ask... What happened to you last night... (Laura) No they said last "time"... .(Ark) Last time? (Laura) Last time you had kogel mogel (Perceval) You were sick? (L) Yeah... (Ark) Oh, because it was too much! (laughter) (Ark) And after so long a time I have to do it more often... (Mr. Scott) I have a question. So does this mean that as a general rule... because we asked about the blood type diet last time and they said as a general guideline it's good, so in terms of establishing brain chemistry generally speaking it's good for everyone to stick to the diet or ... is it sort of a general guideline or... is it actually very...

**A:** Closer, but don't obsess...

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Okay, I can do that. (laughter) (L) Okay, what happened to Ark last night?

**A:** Ark, as the war leader is energetically connected to his warriors. Just think of it as a disturbance in the force.

**Q:** (Perceval) So it was my fault. (Mr. Scott) It was my fault, I was all depressed and everything...

**A:** Perceval, you have much to learn about love. After all, you didn't learn it from your "family". In a love relationship, the two people need to understand that the most healing expressions are those that an infant would express. But this must be done strictly from an adult controlled dynamic. In other words, love like a baby but be responsible like a devoted and totally giving parent.

**Q:** (Ark) He doesn't know about parents he only knows about like... (L) No, he knows too much about parents... and not enough about babies (laughter) (Mr. Scott) We need more doggies, Perceval needs his own doggy. (L) I feel something coming, come on...

**A:** Perceval, you know how your father hurt you? Why would you consider anything derived from that source as being worth your consideration in any context? A man who would hurt an innocent child is not an authority on anything.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is the first line of that you know "how" your father hurt you? {Lost his place taking down letters.}(SM) Yes. (L) Questions...

**A:** Just let it go.

**Q:** (Perceval) Let what go... What is it that I'm considering as being worth anything that I am deriving from my father?

**A:** Thoughts about life and love. Generally, if you have those thoughts invading your mind, they are from his poisonous influence. He is a rotten energy source. You have always been determined to be your "own man" yet you allow his influence to poison your mind. … You want to be your own man? Whatever you can think of that he would not approve of, or whatever he would find worthy of negative remark, do it!! The more he disapproves of you, the more negative things he says about you, the more successful you will be in truth. You can literally gauge your progress by his disapproval.

**Q:** (L) That's a big one. (Ark) Are we done with Perceval? (L) I think so... (Ark) I want to ask how can we, if we can, how can we help D\_\_\_? He is not very happy.

**A:** D\_\_\_ is still living in pain and unable to let go of illusions. He is smart and you can help somewhat as he continues to interact and receive guidance a little at a time.

**Q:** (L) That's kind of vague. (Mr. Scott) That was a lot of words to say, "Weeell..." (L) I guess that's one of those things that's not really determined what way it will go, still open ended. (Ark) Okay. (L) Anything else? So we know all the esoteric secrets of the world, we know what to do... (Perceval picks up list of questions) (L) Oh don't tell me you have a list! (laughter) (L) I'm already tired... what have you got on there? (Perceval) I'm trying to find any that are worth asking. (L) Most of it you already know the answers to... right? (Perceval) Unfortunately... I had one here … Your dream about talking to Gurdjieff and what he said? (L) I don't remember what he said in the dream. (Ailen) that to tell Perceval that it was like a torture. (L) Okay, I remember. {This was a dream I had told to everyone and then more or less forgot (as happens with dreams). The gist of it was that Gurdjieff was explaining to me some things about buffers and programs and he expressed quite strongly that much of what parents do to children is quite simply torture and that the studies about how torture victims survive and the damage that is done to them would be helpful to understand why many people have so many difficulties getting over or through programming and buffers. In the dream, it was a very powerful conveyance of knowledge and he specifically told me to tell Perceval.} So you want to ask about that dream? (Perceval) Well it was just a follow up to that question, if what he told you was accurate. (L) okay, did I really meet Gurdjieff in my dream? That was really a cool dream.

**A:** Pretty much. You are a member of the same soul group.

**Q:** (Perceval) The only other thing that might be interesting is about those undersea cable cuts... (L) what about them, what you want to ask? (Perceval) Who or what cut them?

**A:** Can you give us an "M"? Now an "O"?

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) That's kind of weird because they cut them and what? They're just gonna go and repair them now?

**A:** And what fun things they can do with "repairs"!

**Q:** (Perceval) So its what we thought it was that they cut them and then repair them and put in taps. (Mr. Scott) I wouldn't think they need to do that but... (SM) There's different levels were dealing with here. (L) I don't know if it would necessarily just be taps, I would say it would probably be something more elaborate than that... (Mr. Scott) I suppose yeah if you wanted to insert traffic instead of actually having to have access to the equipment and then being able to be tracked you just have the little device that sits... you know you have equipment here and equipment here and a line running between and then you have a little gizmo and they can insert traffic to make it look like you were saying - to make it look like Iran is saying things... (L) Ahhh, that's pretty creepy. (Mr. Scott) Wasn't it you who was saying that? (L) I don't think so. (Mr. Scott) Oh, I thought it was and I thought that if there are backdoors in everything like on either end of the ocean they could insert things... Well I guess we'll have to wait and see what fun things they end up doing... (L) Alright, is that it? Alright then, anything that we haven't asked or that we need to be told, consider it asked, we're asking for any general guidance or information or clues or...

**A:** Things are about to get interesting. It is important for all to hang in and resist the wearing down attempts. Be persistent, watch and wait. For now goodbye.

END OF SESSION

(L) I just got something: "Watch for Percy!" It was like a trailer...

Footnote: bower: arbor: a framework that supports climbing plants; "the arbor provided a shady resting place in the park" - embower: enclose in a bower

