## September 3, 2008
(List of those present deleted for privacy)

(planchette begins to move... )

**A:** USA heading for destruction!

**Q:** (L) Hello. Can we say hello first?

**A:** Hello

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Yeaionnia of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Do you transmit through Cassiopaea?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Why do you introduce tonight's adventures with "US is headed for destruction"?

**A:** Passed the point when anything could possibly be done to change the outcome.

**Q:** (L) What is this outcome?

**A:** Increasing inner turmoil. Review what happened in Germany.

**Q:** (L) Well, what happened in Germany in what period?

**A:** Towards the end of the war. Hitler's madness and the hatred of the world towards Germany.

**Q:** (L) Wasn't a pretty picture, was it? (J) In Germany, the rest of the world bombed Germany...

**A:** Yes. Expect it in the USA ultimately.

**Q:** (J) Would that be nuclear bombs?

**A:** And more.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Is it going to destroy the rest of the world with it?

**A:** Not exactly... but the cosmic stuff will take its toll.

**Q:** (L) Anything else on that topic for the moment since we have other issues we want to cover?

**A:** Be alert.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now we've got a few odds and ends questions for various people.... (personal questions and answers deleted.) .... I'd like to know exactly what is lucid dreaming?

**A:** Partly conscious awareness while other systems are still switched off and subconscious bleeds through. Can be hypnogogic or hypnopompic or "other" states.

**Q:** (L) Well, is it a useful state for finding out what's going on in your subconscious, or changing your reality or anything like that?

**A:** It can be useful for entertainment mainly.

**Q:** (L) So there are no outstanding benefits to be obtained from practicing so-called lucid dreaming?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (L) Anything else about lucid dreaming? (DD) I had one yesterday! (Ark) Cheap movies! (laughter)

(L) Next question: As you know, we've been having (a discussion about MPD /DID in reference to a particular individual). My question is, what makes a person susceptible to MPD? Let me rephrase that: Are some people more susceptible to splitting than others?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What would make a person more susceptible?

**A:** Being an organic portal.

**Q:** (L) Okay. is an individual - an OP - less likely to recover, or is it more difficult for them to recover?

**A:** Yes. Almost impossible. Also be aware that some individuals are actually born with many divisions in their makeup.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ is possibly an OP?

**A:** We hesitated to make such a pronouncement, but since we see that you have such suspicion, then we can confirm it.

**Q:** (L) Why not just say, "yes"? (laughter and discussion about C's "legalese" answer)

(L) Alright, how many alters or different personalities does \_\_\_\_\_\_ actually have?

**A:** Seven dominant and many temporaries that are born and die frequently.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Is she aware of all these personalities? (Ark) Which "she"? (laughter)

**A:** Several are aware of the others but a couple think they are the only ones.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Do we communicate mainly with one or two or all of them?

**A:** You have encountered four.

**Q:** (L) More than enough for me. (A\*\*\*) Do they have different names for themselves?

**A:** Some do.

**Q:** (L) Okay, can multiple personality disorder or dissociative identity disorder be induced in a souled individual or one who is potentially souled?

**A:** Yes, but it is extremely difficult.

**Q:** (S) Does that mean that all these programmed assassins are all OPs or something?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** (DD) (audio too faint but referring to inducing MPD in souled individuals.)

**A:** Very difficult.

**Q:** (DD) You hear stories about children of military families that are inducted into this and taken at a very early age...

**A:** What kind of genetics do you think you are dealing with in "military families?"

**Q:** (L) That leads me to my next question. You've said that psychopaths are defective OPs?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, how do they get to be defective? I'm trying to figure out how to ask this... Are they defective because they're born that way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Are they defective because of something that happened in their childhood?

**A:** Sometimes...

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Were they engineered that way somewhere along the line?

**A:** Some are engineered especially lately. But in general it is genetics due to mutation.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so if it's due to a mutation, when did the original mutation occur?

**A:** More than one occasion, but first time was fifty thousand years ago.

**Q:** (L) Is it true that psychopaths... well, we know they appear in the population at a certain percentage. Do they increase at various times in history so that they grow more numerous and kind of take over the planet and create a lot of destruction, and in creating this destruction, do they destroy themselves or reduce their own numbers significantly, kind of like populations of rabbits and foxes or something like that?

**A:** Very similar, yes.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything to my idea that the present strain of psychopathy comes from a crossing between Neanderthal and Aryan types in Europe or in Asia somewhere?

**A:** One strain, yes. But not all psychopaths.

**Q:** (L) What particular strain would come from the crossing of the Neanderthal and the Aryan cross?

**A:** The kind with the drive to destroy.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Aren't all psychopaths basically destructive? (L) I don't think so. I think for example the schizoidal psychopath, they're different. And then there's the paranoid psychopath, and then of course when you're dealing with pure psychopaths, you've got a scale... what do you call it, a spectrum. Can anybody else think of any other questions on that topic? That pretty much covers my questions.

(Ark) Is Putin a psychopath?

**A:** Now, now... That would be cheating!

**Q:** (L) I don't think he is. (S) I think he could still be evil, ya know, but of all the leaders I've ever heard or read about, he seems to say the most reasonable and truthful things. Which doesn't mean he isn't evil or hasn't done evil things, but in comparison to all the other ones... (L) When you're in that position, growing up in this world, how can you not be... But he's like the Diet Coke of Evil: Just one calorie. (Ark) When you want to show that you are not a psychopath, you have to say something completely different. (L) Well, Bush does it all the time, Bush is always saying those completely different things all the time too, but he doesn't have any action to back it up. I mean, he didn't do anything to break down the oligarchs in the US, and the US has plenty of them. (J) In the time that Putin has been in power, he hasn't really used his power... (L) In an evil way... (J) like Bush has, Putin hasn't invaded any other countries unilaterally, or...

(L) Any other questions before we take a little break here? Oh, can some cases of multiple personalities be just simply cases of possession?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Could some cases of multiple personalities be where more than one spirit essence resides in the same body?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (L) So if it's a case of possession acting as MPD, then it would be with a souled person, is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Can these possessions also be divided into souled and non-souled?

**A:** Not usually.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Are some cases caused be extreme trauma or... (L) They already said that was very rare, very difficult.

**A:** Yes, as you are thinking, but again, it is difficult and rare.

**Q:** (Ark unfurls his list of questions) (L) Ah, you came with your list? (Ark) Well, normally I do not come with a list, but probably as Joe knows it, if you don't have a list, probably you are not able to ask questions. Somehow everything evaporates, yeah? So, it was back to previous sessions where you were talking about inverted geometrical representation of gravity, and I didn't know for a long time what it can be. Now I have an idea that it can refer to the work of Burkhard Heim and to what I am doing now with the spaces of (end of side 1)... and I would like to know if my guess is right or almost right?

**A:** You are so hot there are flames! "Pyro" anyone?

**Q:** (Ark) But I want an answer! (L) Well, that means you're right. (discussion of "pyro") (Ark) Alright, next. Long ago, you talk about that I should find a paper about windows, and we ask what windows, and you answer mathematical windows. I was inquiring whether it has to do with chaos and fractals and Mandelbrot and, well, and so that's still my guess. And I must say that probably for seven years, I couldn't figure out and find a paper on these windows. Or maybe I have and I don't know. So my question is, can I have another hint on this?

**A:** Remember the "center of the sphere" is a window.

**Q:** (Ark) Center of the sphere... Now again, you mentioned long ago Mandelbrot, in fact you spelled it strange like "Mandlebrot" while normally people say "Mandel"... So I was looking for years for this Mandelbrot, and I thought it was fractals, and this was a good beginning. But I still don't know what Mandelbrot has to do with the center of the sphere because it must be somehow connected to windows, too. Hint?

**A:** Emergence from the center. The surface is where "things happen" and where the fractals coalesce.

**Q:** (Ark) 1969 you mentioned I should go back to 1969, what I was doing in 1969... Well, in 1969 I was playing with quantum logic along with many other things. And this quantum logic can be connected to this inverted geometrical representation of gravity that is needed to explain consciousness. Now what is the use of this quantum logic? Is this quantum logic useful indeed or should I forgot it and concentrate on something else? Is quantum logic useful?

**A:** Peripheral.

**Q:** (Ark) Peripheral. Is 1969 also peripheral?

**A:** No, there was something else.

**Q:** (Ark) Thank you. (L) Anybody else got any questions? (DD) Yeah, would a cervical correction help Laura?

**A:** Possibly. But the main problem is inflammation. Anything that eases the physical is helpful, though.

**Q:** (D) Would the nanosilver solutions help the inflammation?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (DD) (inaudible) Along those lines, I began giving the silver to my dog beginning yesterday after a hiatus... Will that help her inflammation and yet not cause her digestive problems?

**A:** Lower the dose slightly and give probiotics. But remember you can only do so much. She is looking forward to graduation and you should not hold her back too tightly.

**Q:** (DD) Okay, good. I lowered the dose to 1.5 CCs this time, is that still too high?

**A:** Should be OK.

**Q:** (DD) Well, that makes me feel better. (G) I wanted to ask about vitamin D supplements. Is it harmful to those infected with L bacteria?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (DD) Silver should take care of that bacterial infection.

**A:** Partly, but here the problem is not enough of the right bacteria.

**Q:** (DD) Probiotic supplementation.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Are the probiotics good for me too?

**A:** Absolutely.

**Q:** (discussion of probiotics and using them along with any antibiotic). (DD) The silver I've got... this BioPharma in India can't understand why this particular type of silver does not disrupt probiotics because every single colloidal silver experimentation that they've been doing, they had to supplement, and nobody knows why this process that makes this silver doesn't affect probiotics. That's something that they're undertaking a study on now. Because ionic silver will kill the probiotics... (A\*\*\*) I wanna ask, do I have a problem with this bacteria as well?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) If so, is lying in the sun bad for me because of the vitamin D it produces?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Sun is bad? Just a little bit of sun?!

**A:** Not direct.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Whatever!! (laughter) Is that the reason I'm getting these white spots?

**A:** Fungal overgrowth.

**Q:** (DD) Quick question about the probiotic thing. Why is that this elemental colloidal silver doesn't disrupt intestinal bacteria?

**A:** Does not bind in the same way due to "shape".

**Q:** (DD) Yeah, well, we saw these TDM photographs that showed the shape, but it doesn't have anything to do with the negative particle charge as opposed to the positive charge of ionic silver? Does the positive particle charge, as opposed to the negative particle charge of ionic silver, have some effect that spares the probiotics?

**A:** Has some effect, but the main issue is the shape which does not fit the same binding site.

**Q:** (DD) Hmm. That's interesting. (Z) I have a low vitamin D. Is it because of L bacteria infection?

**A:** Yes and other resident "critters."

**Q:** (DD) Are they protozoan?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) Do I have adrenal fatigue?

**A:** Very slight.

**Q:** (DD) Did my living in Southern California and all the electromagnetic smog have a causal effect on this acalacia (sp?) issue? (L) What's acalacia? (DD) It's a neurological cessation of the esophagus contractions that bring food to your stomach. I was just wondering if the EM pollution was a causal factor.

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** Has moving to France reduced that?

**A:** Yes also change in food supply.

(closing questions of a private nature deleted)

END OF SESSION

