## June 20, 2009
Laura, Ark, Don D, Jason, A\*\*, Joe, Allen B, C\*\*, G\*\*, Scottie

**A:** 5 more years! 2 go! 0 new year!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Poinonia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) Is there any particular reason you made the announcement about 5 years to go?

**A:** Just reminding you.

**Q:** (L) You normally have never been date-specific.

**A:** This is not "day" specific but close enough for horseshoes.

**Q:** (Joe) A lot of the New Agers are gonna be disappointed in 2012.

**A:** 2012 is a distraction. We have repeatedly talked about the open nature of the future. It is always open until the probabilities begin to collapse, such as now. But macro-collapses take some "time".

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that there is a macro-collapse that has already begun?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is that possible? (Ark) Umm, well, yes.

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (Ark) In fact I was thinking about this today because yesterday there was three strange event. Namely, today I look at statistics on my blog, and like normally I have like, you know like, 600 or 700, you see? Unique visitors. And then, three days ago there was 1500. Two days ago there was like 1700, and yesterday it was 4000. (A\*\*) Really? (L) So it was like telling you something? (Ark) Yes, so it was like quantum jump. It started to grow, grow, grow. It was not just one day, you know? It started growing, growing, growing, and then BOOM to 4000 yesterday. (L) Can you explain the exponential growth of Ark's readership on his blog?

**A:** Mass consciousness is aware and driving seeking from many quarters.

**Q:** (L) Well, in that respect, there's also some other things that are very strange that are going on. For example, I would like to know what is going on with D\*\*\*\*? D\*\*\*\* has been writing us many e-mails that are more or less incoherent. We tried at one point to communicate with him and to persuade him that he needed to get counseling, to do something, and I don't know whether he has or whether he hasn't. But he seems to be mentally deteriorating. At the same time, I also got an e-mail today from a former member of the forum, and he has also been a member of QFS for a very short time, although he never participated - or very little - over a period of a couple of years. But anyhow, he says his name is M\*\*\*\* (Arabic name), and he says he lives in {Middle Eastern Country}, but his IP address points to Washington DC. His e-mails are very similar to D\*\*\*'s: fairly incoherent, and actually threatening. I mean, reading his e-mail, I thought this was strange. If your name is M\*\*\*\* in this day and age, you don't go around vaguely threatening somebody with end of the world scenarios saying that something big is gonna happen. Nevertheless, that's what he did. And I would like to know is there any relationship between the apparent deterioration of the minds of these two people? {Added note: the similarity of writing styles actually made us think for awhile that it might be the same person. The best way to describe it is schizophrenic ideation.}

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is the relationship?

**A:** It is not just "waves" beamed by such things as HAARP or microwaves, it is also a quickening of the cosmos. Those who are not integrated will disintegrate at an even faster rate than ever.

**Q:** (L) Are there any kinds of negative spirits or attachments involved here?

**A:** Not necessary when the personality is so fragmented.

**Q:** (L) Alright then. Is there anything that we could do?

**A:** Perhaps if you could share the technique that you used to achieve emotional cleansing, a lot of people would benefit including the two individuals in question.

**Q:** (L) What technique is that?

**A:** Remember an entire night of cleansing tears?!

**Q:** (L) Yeah. Well, that was just a meditation technique I developed. I would breathe a certain way and repeat certain things in my mind as I breathed, and I did it every night. Strange things started happening.

**A:** Strange indeed! You stumbled instinctively on an ancient method that is unsurpassed in its efficacy. So why not share?

**Q:** (Joe) Spill the beans, Laura! (L) Well I just never thought it was anything particularly special - it just worked for me! I mean how does something like that compare to this Art of Living Kriya thing?

**A:** AoL is for beginners and robots!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Well then why were you so enthusiastic when Craig proposed teaching us? I mean, he asked if he should teach us, and you said yes with seven exclamation points!

**A:** Got you to do it and jump started your thinking didn't we?!

**Q:** (L) So the point wasn't that this method was "the best" or the only one or so great. It was to draw our attention to the idea of breathing, or control of breath, as a means of effecting emotional healing. Is that it?

**A:** Absolutely!X7

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Shorthand. Um...

**A:** Remember that your method employed a powerful "seed".

**Q:** (DD) Seed? (L) Yeah, that's a reference to meditating with or without seed. (Joe) What was the seed? (L) Phrases that I used in my mind. (Allen) Were those phrases particular to you though, like something that someone has to come up with for themselves? (L) Well, I dunno, were those phrases particular for me?

**A:** They were super powerful!

**Q:** (C) Where they like prayers? (L) Yeah, and it's really funny because I started out using the Lord's Prayer. Then I decided that I wasn't happy with it because it wasn't open enough. It had associations with specific religious things, and so I rewrote it. I'll have to... It was something like... (DD) Did you use those words as a template? (L) Yeah. (Joe) I used to say a Lord's Prayer that was modified. At night, like a mantra, I used to just go over and over... (L) Did you do it in concert with breathing? (Joe) Not consciously. (L) Yeah, well you see, I did. It was very deliberate controlled breathing. I did this every night for months. (DD) How were you breathing? (L) Very similar to what Craig teaches, what they call this Victory Breath. (Joe) Was it both in and out through the nose? (L) In through the nose, out through the mouth. (Joe) Because I thought Victory Breath was weird when we did the course since it was all through the nose. (A\*\*) Yeah, that's what was missing. (L) Yeah, I did it in through the nose, out through the mouth. It was in and count, hold and count, out and count. And it was very controlled... it was very similar to what they call this Ujjai breath, or Victory Breath. That was kind of familiar to me, because I'd done that for years. (C) And while you were doing it, you were saying... (L) I was repeating these phrases, and each phrase was created so that the in or out breath fit the phrase exactly. So for the first phrase, I would breathe in, and then out for the second phrase, etc. And my objective was to do it twenty times. I don't think I ever did it twenty times, because I would get to about ten or twelve, and then I would just leave the body or something, just zone. And after a certain number of times of doing that, then I had this... I dunno, I came back to myself with this... I dunno whether I want to call it a kundalini experience or not, but I felt there was this tremendous cleansing event that went on for hours and hours and hours. I've described it before. Something happened. But anyway, that was the story. So I found that to be very effective. I dunno what to ask now. (Joe) Is what you just described the idea?

**A:** Yes and another excellent technique though for other purposes is what you call "power breathing".

**Q:** (L) Oh, my Power Breathing. (C) What is that? (L) For me, that's just energizing. The fast pace on the treadmill accompanied by a very particular kind and pace of breathing. This is the one that it's not the head, it's matched to the body. The one is like intellect and heart, and Power Breathing is like moving center and heart... You let the movement of your body take you where you need to go.

**A:** Remember what that technique did?

**Q:** (L) Oh yeah! (Joe) What did it do? Did you fly? Superpowers? (A\*\*) That was the past life thing, wasn't it? (L) Yeah, I went into a past life memory in the gym. (Joe) Where, here? (L) No, in Florida. Geez... But I guess if people do that, they need to have somebody there. So, there are a couple of ways to tap into these emotional issues that you're talking about that are actually somewhat different from this Art of Living thing?

**A:** Yes and probably more effective if utilized faithfully. AoL is like the "Diet Coke" of breathing techniques... Just one calorie.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) That sound suspiciously like Jason. (laughter) {omitted series of personal questions and answers} (L) Okay, you wanted to ask something about... (A\*\*) What about these suicides in Bridgend, Wales? What's going on there?

**A:** Location amplifies the kinds of waves mentioned earlier leading to rapid disintegration.

**Q:** (L) So it's like underground water, or electromagnetic, or some kind of power point or something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (A\*\*) So people are just disintegrating, and they're all hanging themselves. (Joe) Twenty four of them, all hung themselves. (A\*\*) All under the age of thirty. (L) Well, you've got HAARP going, you've got microwave towers going, you've got cosmic waves going. (DD) I had a friend commit suicide in Tulsa last week.

**A:** Expect a lot more unstable behavior all over.

{Omitted personal questions and answers}

[Short break]

**Q:** (L) Hello! We're back again. Can you come back? Hello?

**A:** We never left! We knew you were coming back.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Let me ask this: This Sudarshan Kriya, it does seem to be useful and helpful. Is that not true?

**A:** It is mainly useful in group settings.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so it's useful in group settings. Um...

**A:** The main thing people need right now is to be cleansed of emotional blockages and programs not to mention karmic burdens.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so these two techniques that I've always used are useful for private meditation, and this Kriya is useful for group activities. I don't understand in what order this should come. You're saying that people should work for a time on their emotional issues privately, and then come together as groups and do something similar to the Sudarshan Kriya?

**A:** More or less though beware that the so called Sudarshan Kriya is just a variation on an ancient technique.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is the ancient version of it better?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And how would it be modified for the ancient version to be revived?

**A:** The proper words should be spoken during the breathing. Joe, what is the Irish for life?

**Q:** (Joe) Eh... Beatha? {Pronounced something like "Bah Hah"}

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) That's it. B-E-A-T-H-A. That may not be the original spelling.

**A:** Ba in Ha out.

**Q:** (C) And it's pronounced "baha"? (laughter and discussion of Kriya with "ba-ha" instead of "so-hum")

**A:** Try it!

**Q:** (Ark) But what about these phrases that we were talking about before. Should they just be repeated with empty mind, or with trying to feel their meaning?

**A:** Focus on the meaning.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so we've got... (Joe) That's kind of hard to do, breathe and speak the phrase at the same time... (L) Oh, well he's talking about the other exercise that I did. Okay, so you've got "beatha", life. Breathing in life, and out life. Is there any other adjustment to be made?

**A:** You don't really need the super-fast breathing. That is just to produce chemicals and make the person experience an artificial high.

**Q:** (L) So you're just suggesting the long slow breaths, and the mediums breaths, and slightly fast, but not super-fast. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Is it best to do this guided with the tape or somebody saying the actual words, or just say them in your head?

**A:** Yes, it should be guided. Also the words of the meditation are very effective in the quiet time at the end.

**Q:** (L) So you do this round breathing, or this circular breathing, basically according to the Kriya instructions, only you pronounce this word during the breathing. Then at the end, you read out this words from my deep meditation. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. And are the numbers of repetitions that are given in the instructions alright?

**A:** Close enough though we would prefer multiples of 30.

**Q:** (Ark) Anything we should take care so that we will not be accused of stealing the method?

**A:** What about Ravi Shankar claiming it as his personal discovery and patenting it?! We have just given you all the details of a truly ancient technique that is even older than the Vedas. Joe, tell everyone the words that mean "growth of knowledge".

**Q:** (Joe) The word would be "eiri", that means rising, or desiring, or wanting. And knowledge is "eolas". (L) Okay, say it together. (Joe) Well, I suppose the short version would be just "eiri eolas".

**A:** That is close enough to the original name of this practice for horseshoes.

**Q:** (L) So basically we have a somewhat different method, with a different name. (Ark) Like a different car! (C) How do you spell it, Joe? (Joe) Well, I think it would be better if you just decided on a phonetically similar, nice-sounding phrase. There are different dialects and even ways of saying in different parts of Ireland, and the language has changed. So, there's some license there to... Like, "I am desiring knowledge" would be: "Tá me ag éirigh eolas" But it doesn't really sound like the English word "eerie", like creepy, and that's probably not a very good connotation. It could sound more like "airy".

**A:** You work it out...

**Q:** (L) Any other questions? I'm tired. (A\*\*) I want to ask about these crazy animal crop circles that have been popping up lately, like the phoenix, the jellyfish, the fishes, and the dragonfly and stuff. Are they legitimate?

**A:** 6th density thoughts.

**Q:** (S) I thought the only one that looked bogus was the fish one. (A\*\*) I'm telling you, it's like David Attenborough from 6th Density! (Joe) What's the symbolism of the jellyfish, the medusa? (A\*\*) The dragonfly?

**A:** Pretty symbolic, yes? And a non-threatening way to convey a message to those in tune, yes?

**Q:** (L) Medusa. Dragonfly. (A\*\*) Fish. Phoenix. Three fish. (L) Three fish? (A\*\*) There was one with three fish. (L) Don't you remember that Osiris was cut into pieces and his phallus was thrown into a river and eaten by three fishes? (Joe) Is that gonna happen to Dick Cheney? (laughter)

**A:** You wish!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Alright. I'd say let's say goodnight, because I'm whupped.

**A:** Goodnight Gracie. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

