## July 4, 2009
Laura, Ark, A\*\*\*, Joe, C\*\*, Don D, Allen B, Scottie, G\*\*

**Q:** This is 4th of July, 2009. 4, 7, 09. (DD) 11-11. (L) 9-11, or 11-9. It's an eleven. That's creepy.

**A:** It's creepy for the USA in any event. 5D city on a hill!

**Q:** (L) I see. And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Gronnioia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea Hello!

**Q:** (L) I'm supposed to be the one who says hello. (laughter)

**A:** Not always!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Okay. What do we have in the way of questions? (J) What does "5D city on a hill" mean?

**A:** The metaphor of the fundies with a twist of truth.

**Q:** (J) City on a hill - is that in the bible or something? (Allen) Yeah. Old Testament. (Ark) Does it mean like capitol? (L) Yeah. (J) It was prefaced by, "It's creepy for the USA in any event." So maybe that means a city on a hill in the USA. (L) Well, the USA has always considered itself the new city on a hill. (Allen) But 5D city on a hill, does that mean the USA is headed for destruction?

**A:** More than likely.

**Q:** (J) Is Los Angeles a city on a hill? (Allen) No, Los Angeles is a city in a valley. San Francisco is a city on a hill. That's taking it too literally. (J) Maybe not! (S) Somebody get a topographic map and we'll go through all the list of cities. (DD) Denver. (L) Yeah, that's the mile high city. (DD) Pretty good sized hill! (J) Well, wait and see. Well, Paleochristianity? (L) Well, ya'll have questions, so let's get them out of the way. (A\*\*) I want to ask about the cloud rings - smoke rings. (L) What smoke rings? (J) Ya know that article you wrote on smoke rings? Well, recently there was another one in the US somewhere.

**A:** Read the article.

**Q:** (laughter) (A\*\*) Thanks a lot! (DD) What was the cloud that I saw over the house coming {over here this evening}? Was there any significance to that?

**A:** Our gathering energy attractor.

**Q:** (DD) That's what it looked like. That was the impression I got. It was a spiral. (S) Cool! (L) Alright, did you have questions you wrote down? (Allen) How about the crop circle people {we keep reading about on the net}. Do any of those guys actually make crop circles like they claim?

**A:** Some, but you can tell the difference.

**Q:** (J) i.e. they destroy the crops...

**A:** They also keep watch and post themselves beside "real" ones to take the credit. That is what they are assigned to do.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Wow. (J) They're just there to create noise and distraction.

**A:** You can say that again. And {so many people are} so "distractable".

**Q:** (L) Okay, enough on that. Next? (A\*\*) I was gonna ask about Chaco Canyon. What was it built for?

**A:** Gathering place for those of unusual abilities.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Did anybody actually live there?

**A:** More like a "conference center."

**Q:** (A\*\*) So what happened to the people that used it?

**A:** Change of cosmic environment followed by earthly difficulties such as famine, climate etc.

**Q:** (J) What kind of things did those people with unusual abilities do when they gathered together?

**A:** Well, levitate, for one; direct manifestation for another; and "travel".

**Q:** (Allen) So, could they travel from one spot on the planet to another?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (A\*l) Could they teleport?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Teleport... These weren't your average human beings then. (laughter)

**A:** No not exactly, but it wasn't the same environment you currently enjoy either.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Where did these people come from?

**A:** Remnant Atlanteans. Descendants for the word sticklers.

**Q:** (L) I think that's because once, somebody made a big deal out of them saying "remnants of Atlantis" and they meant descendants. (A\*l) Do they mean that if our environment wasn't so polluted that we could have super powers? (L) They said "cosmic environment".

**A:** Gravity is different now.

**Q:** (A\*l) What happened to gravity? How'd it change?

**A:** Travels of the solar system through space. You are heading for another such changes soon.

**Q:** (A\*l) Are we going to become super again?

**A:** Some will.

**Q:** (A\*l) Me? (J) Is A*l going to become super again? (laughter)

**A:** If you are prepared.

**Q:** (A\*l) So I need to like load up? Lock and load? (A\*\*) Eat your spinach! (L) Seriously, the spinach is the main thing! (laughter) (J) It's part of the acclimatization. (Allen) At Chaco Canyon, they ate lots of spinach. (A\*l) So I'll be able to like teleport? And you guys will be able to, too? (C) We don't know. (A\*l) We can like teleport and visit each other in our rooms?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (A\*\*) Will we have superpowers like this idiot savant guy... (Allen) He's not an idiot savant, just a savant. (A\*\*) Okay, the savant guy... (C) Daniel Tammet.

**A:** Some will. That is much like 4D experience.

**Q:** (A\*\*) So we'll be able to like feel and see numbers?

**A:** Hear colors...

**Q:** (A\*\*) That's cool! (C) So does that mean that he's kind of an advanced person or...

**A:** Not necessarily advanced, but just the luck of the genes so to say. That sort of thing, and much else, is coded in many and now and then it activates.

**Q:** (A\*\*) So, it was activated by his seizure? It did something to his brain?

**A:** Partly, yes.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Cool, I want some of that man! (C) Yeah... (A\*l) You want a seizure?! (A\*\*) He can learn a language in a week!

**A:** So will you one day.

**Q:** (A\*\*) I will?? I need that!

**A:** Patience pays.

**Q:** (C) Can similar abilities be gained by practicing?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (DD) I've been practicing my French for five years! (laughter) (A\*l) When is this gravity change going to occur? (L) Read the transcripts. (A\*\*) The next five years. (J) I want to ask about the hummingbird crop circle. (A\*\*) It looks like the Nazca line hummingbird. (L) Okay, Joe wants to know if this hummingbird-looking thing is fake?

**A:** It's "real" but the real question is "Who did it?"

**Q:** (J) Is it a 6th density thought?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Allen) Is it 4th density STS?

**A:** Yes and their human "agents."

**Q:** (A\*\*) What about the original Nazca one, is it supposed to be the same thing? I mean, whoever did it, is it related to the people that did it before?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Allen) So when these guys say that they're channeling some of these circles when they make them, they're kind of telling the truth: they're channeling 4D STS?

**A:** Yes indeed!

**Q:** (L) Okay, what's the next question? (J) I just had one question about the Lloyd the taxi driver at the pentagon... (L) Let's save that for later. We'll go to P\*\*\*. (J) Is P\*\*\*'s tumor malignant?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (G) Is it a glioma?

**A:** No. Something in between.

**Q:** (A\*\*) Is it curable?

**A:** Anything is curable with the right action within and without.

**Q:** (A\*l) So what can we do to help him?

**A:** It's up to him to decide.

**Q:** (Allen) Since I recommended reading Bernie Siegel, would the stuff that he suggests help?

**A:** Absolutely. But that will not be so simple for P\*\* who tends to escapism.

**Q:** (DD) Will the chiropractic help him?

**A:** Chiropractic will help a little. Meditating in the way you are preparing to teach will help a lot especially with the intentional assimilation of the "Prayer of the Soul."

**Q:** (C) What about chemotherapy - is it necessary?

**A:** If he wants to check out sooner.

**Q:** (A\*\*) What about getting angry? Would it help him to get angry at his {childhood abuse} in a real way, or is it too late for that?

**A:** It's not too late but that is not the problem at the deepest level.

**Q:** (L) What is the problem at the deepest level?

**A:** Grief for not being protected and cherished. He needs to grieve.

**Q:** (C) Breathing, meditation...

**A:** There is also some past life issue involved.

**Q:** (A\*l) What does P\*\* need to do in order to help us understand what we can do to help him?

**A:** Communicate without fear.

**Q:** (A\*l) So just talking to him, and... (Allen) He needs to communicate with us without fear. (A\*\*) {Referencing a recent paper about THC cancer therapy; see the following links:

[THC Gives Cancer Cells the Munchies Too](https://web.archive.org/web/20090527150354/http://scienceblogs.com:80/scientificactivist/2009/04/thc_gives_cancer_cells_the_mun.php?utm_source=sbhomepage&utm_medium=link&utm_content=channellink)

[THC initiates brain cancer cells to destroy themselves](https://www.worldhealth.net/news/thc_initiates_brain_cancer_cells_to_dest/)}

Can smoking pot help him?

**A:** Not as such. The therapeutic delivery is more specific. He needs to feel the pain and acknowledge it and let it go, not buffer it.

**Q:** (A\*\*) What about the injections that G\*\* was researching? (L) I think that's what they were just saying: the "therapeutic delivery" method. (G) It must be specific, and it's nothing that buffers you from your feelings. (A\*\*) Right, because it doesn't make you high, you basically just put it in... (G) It would be better for him to process his emotions than to dissociate. ... (C) I guess we have to wait for the results before we say anything to him. (A\*l) So basically communicating with him will help him acknowledge his anger and sadness and... (Allen) HE needs to learn to communicate. It's not us communicating with him, he needs to communicate. (A\*l) But then that will cure him? (L) I don't think that's what they said. (A\*\*) What can he do to help us to know how to help him. So if he learns to communicate with us without fear, then we'll know to do to help him. (A\*l) Yeah, but is there a way for us to ease him into that so he'll open up more? (L) Well, you can only do what you can do. You can't take somebody by the hand and carry them. (A\*l) You can show somebody the ropes. (L) Well, we've talked to him, and showed him, talked to him, showed him, and we'll share with him this information - but that's all we can do. That's the limit of free will. (A\*\*) Yeah, we can help him out by giving him the information and stuff, but it's basically his choice. (C) They said that it's up to him to decide. If he decided - consciously or unconsciously - not to act on it, how much time does he have left?

**A:** No dice.

**Q:** (J) It's very open. Hard to say. (A\*l) Well, can we say longer than three months?

**A:** Say what you like.

**Q:** (L) What's next? Didn't you want to ask something about J\*\*? (C) Yeah. He's been doing psychotherapy and he still feels that he's possessed. But now after reading one of the last sessions, he wonders if it's just disintegrating like many other people.

**A:** He needs to change location and some companions and, again, the prayer will help enormously. It is a common malady of the French to escape in2 illusion.

**Q:** (DD) Is the prayer they're referring to the one that you posted, the variation of the Lord's prayer? (J) Yeah. (DD) Should that be done while doing the breathing exercises?

**A:** Do it according to the instructions that are forthcoming. Please keep in mind that the revelation process is a part of merging. You are becoming us and vice versa.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that means we ought to ask more about this Paleochristianity because we talked about it a lot. We talked about how to make these videos and what will work best. We've practiced with it different ways to see how works for us, with us, and how it makes us feel. And we have a pretty good idea of how to put the video and the audio together that's most effective. We also have past experience as guidance. So, I'm assuming that what you're saying here is that as we've experimented and tested and tried, and the conclusions we came to about how best to do it, that that is in fact the best way to do it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, so then once we have the breathing program, the video that shows the other kind of breathing which then leads into the meditative breathing, what's next?

**A:** Wait... Did you not notice how relaxed you became listening to the recording??

**Q:** (L) Well yeah, I just thought I was falling asleep? I thought I sounded boring!

**A:** Not boring. Remember what we once said about "voice"?

**Q:** (L) Not exactly. (A\*\*l) That was me asking the question about sharing the same frequency. Was that it?

**A:** A different time...

**Q:** (L) I don't know. Joe, go look up "voice" and see if you can find it. (Break for transcript search)

{Here is the snip of the 9 December 95 session that was found:

**Q:** (L) I am sorry but I have some personal questions tonight before we get started with other things. I would like to know what is the reason for this terrible depression I have been experiencing for so long now. I am sick of it.

**A:** It is a crushing attack.

**Q:** (L) Where is it coming from?

**A:** 4th density STS.

**Q:** (L) What can I do to break it before it breaks me?

**A:** Counteract.

**Q:** (L) By what? How do you conteract the things that are

just beyond my ability to deal with?

**A:** How is the attack represented in 3rd density for you?

**Q:** (L) How? Because it seems that my husband does not love me. I do not feel safe or in any way able to function as a wife and mother with this feeling, and I know that it must be a misperception on my part, but I cannot help but feel this way. How can I get over this feeling that he is constantly trying to break me into pieces? Not only do I have to bear the constant burden of the children with no support, the house, managing everything, but I also am continuously sniped at by him. None of my feelings are ever considered. I feel like I am being shoved over and buried by a bulldozer. Is that what you want to know?

**A:** You are diverting by secession.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** What is the definition of "to secede?"

**Q:** (L) To leave a union. To step out. To break a union.

**A:** Attack is not countered by following objectives of attack.

**Q:** (L) What are the objectives of this attack aside from crushing me?

**A:** Secession at an inappropriate juncture to throw plans askew.

**Q:** (L) What plans would be thrown askew by secession at this point?

**A:**  Voice.

**Q:** (L) What?

**A:**  And all other.

**Q:** (L) Well, I just feel that I would plunge into a pit if I had to secede, as you put it.

**A:** Suggest ignoring "snipes" and other unpleasantness, as it is not of your being, thus should not be taken "to heart," and when taken thusly, causes emotional disturbances which manifests as depression and related maladies. These ailments tend to grow in scope and intensity, thereby causing severe damage to  plans and activities aimed at executing ones "mission."

**Q:** (L) That's all fine and good. But, just exactly what is the mission?

**A:** You are awakening to it just fine, thank you!}

**Q:** (L) Okay, I found the one that I thought it was, which was something about a voice being a part of some plan or destiny. Is that it?

**A:** Yes but not only. The point is this: when you speak while merged, cosmic elements are transmitted via your voice. More than this, it has the power to heal those of similar goals who are not yet at the correct frequency. In short, through your voice we can set frequency resonance for those of "the blood."

**Q:** (A\*\*) Wow. (L) What does "while merged" mean?

**A:** When you speak to aid others, we are able to merge with you.

**Q:** (J) So, merging is whenever you...

**A:** We are merging with you right now!

**Q:** (J) Say something and heal us all, Laura! (A\*\*) Would doing this in groups physically be even more powerful, like if we did workshops?

**A:** Yes. That will come. And Don mentioned spinning, too. That all has its place along with the "maze dance"; but patience. The meditation and cleansing prayer comes first. You had to go through a "cleansing" too. You are now giving the tools to others so as to enable them to accomplish the same in a different and more efficient way.

**Q:** (L) So I mean... Just doing this meditation tape the way we plan to do it, people can listen to it, and by listening to it, there is some sort of frequency that can be triggered in them by my voice?

**A:** Yes. And it can be ten times more powerful in groups with you personally speaking.

**Q:** (L) That's too weird. (A\*\*) I think it's cool! (C) Wake up the masses!

**A:** The method has been used nefariously for millennia so what is wrong with FRV in a positive context?! The power of love is also FRV! Only nobody is using it of late.

**Q:** (L) I feel laryngitis coming on... (laughter) (A\*\*) Uh oh! Somebody get her a scarf! (J) We're gonna have to insure your voice, Laura, for millions. (laughter) (Allen) So is there anything we should do when we're recording you to get you in the zone?

**A:** No. It already is fine. Notice that some of those on your forum have already noted and experienced this phenomenon.

**Q:** (Allen) So I take it there's nothing wrong with me editing out spaces and things? It should be just like a straight recording?

**A:** Of course not!

**Q:** (Allen) Yeah, the immediate response when people listened to it... how they said it was amazing just to listen to your voice. (Ark) I agree. (L) Yeah, but you're my honey bear. You're supposed to say that! (A\*\*) Sometimes when I was a little kid I would hear Mom call my name, and I would have a shiver go up my spine. (laughter) (Allen) You knew you were in trouble! (J) You would have a full body convulsion when she would shout, "A\*\*! Get a switch!" (A\*\*) It wasn't me! (Allen) Get a switch for J\*\**! (A\*\*) I knew then her voice was powerful. (laughter) (L) Alright, that's just too much. Anybody else have anything for tonight? (DD) I have one little follow up. They said to research the history of Palomar, and the only thing that I could find that seemed pertinent was this Jessop guy, who spells his name different from Morris Jessup, that had a mine where he mined semi-precious stones...

**A:** Deros, anyone?

**Q:** (L) Detrimental robots. Underground creatures, like in that creepy movie. What was that creep movie? "Time Machine" or something? (Allen) Morlocks? (L) Morlocks, yeah!

**Q:** (L) Alright then, I'm tired. Anything I should have asked that I didn't already ask?

**A:** Please just be gentle with yourself... You are us and vice versa. All of you here. Even S. who sometimes forgets.

Goodbye.

**Q:** (A\*\*) I could have told you that! (laughter) (S) I never forget!! Okay, sometimes... (laughter)

END OF SESSION

