## March 7, 2009
Laura, Ark, G\*\*, Scottie, Ch**, Craig P\*\*, Simon, Don D\*\*, Ar\*\*, An\*\*, Joe

[Craig is playing the piano - a piece he composed entitled 'Cassiopaea'.]

**Q:** (L) Now, come sit. Tell me why did you decide to name it Cassiopaea? (Craig) Well, I'm not... maybe we could just ask the C's? (laughter) (Craig) What was in my mind as a man of 23 years old? Aspiring for knowledge? Why I chose that word, why I was so attracted to that word... I mean, that is my memory of it, it just came. As a composer you look for a name for a piece of music. For that sound it seemed appropriate.

**A:** To be amazed!

**Q:** (L) And who have we got with us here? Hello.

**A:** Hiperionia of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) And what does, "To be amazed" mean? What does that refer to?

**A:** Craig's question.

**Q:** (L) Is that the answer to why he chose that name?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) Well, he asked what was in his mind as a 23-year-old, and asking about spiritual things? Wasn't that what you asked? (L) What was in the mind of a 23-year-old composer searching for... (Craig) That sound and that name... (L) Okay, so the answer was, "To be amazed".

**A:** Most amazing now considering all that has gone between, eh?

**Q:** (L) I guess they're asking you that. (Craig) Such a long gap that it's still amazing now? (L) Yeah I guess. (Craig) Maybe that connection was felt - that I'm here now - that connection was felt back...

**A:** Exactly!

**Q:** (L) Alright. We're here because people have pressing questions. Ask away. (Craig) So. This is a big one for me. Who was behind the attempted assassination of my first spiritual teacher Maharishi Mahesh Yogi?

**A:** You aren't going to like the answer. Let's just say elements of secret services were involved.

**Q:** (L) Were any of those elements people that were known and that were not seen as being possibly secret service? What I'm trying to say is was there anybody who was well-known to the people involved and trusted who was involved?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Craig) Was it because of his work establishing meditation groups to effect world peace?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (Craig) Any other reason that would be useful for me to know now?

**A:** Nothing of significance more than to divert attention and focus in the wrong direction. But isn't that always the case?

**Q:** (L) Okay, divert attention from what?

**A:** The concept of spirit.

**Q:** (L) And to focus on what?

**A:** Focus on the man.

**Q:** (L) When you say, "focus on the man" what do you mean? I feel like this is getting into a very touchy area. (Joe) I think they mean to focus on the man himself, like to create a martyr or deity out of him. We've talked about this a lot where basically people who propose an idea or a concept and it's got a following, but it maybe it's not really going anywhere. Well, then you kill that person and then suddenly, everyone says, "Oh! He was killed because he was onto something!" (Craig) So the implication is that this is to divert attention away from the concept of spirit?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) That would kind of suggest that the concept of spirit that he was promoting was not a correct concept, because attention was focused on him by attempting to kill him. That's how they create a false idea of spirituality... (Craig) Was his teaching in line with the consortium or any of the unpleasant or undesirable elements?

**A:** Not exactly the way to ask the question.

**Q:** (Simon) Yeah. You have to ask something like: Was what he was teaching beneficial to the increasing of knowledge?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) But that was your specific question: Was what he was teaching beneficial to the increasing of knowledge? (Craig) Is there any value in his particular angle, the revival of the ancient Vedic knowledge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, obviously there's a little more to this than meets the eye. (Craig) Is this continued in the right direction by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Craig) Is there a whole new direction by the work of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?

**A:** Could be...

**Q:** (L) So what's this Sri Sri guy into? (Craig) He's [teaching "Art of Living" breathing/meditation]. Is this a worthwhile program for the benefit of mankind?

**A:** In certain respects, yes. But it is lacking balance.

**Q:** (Craig) Which area does balance need to be improved?

**A:** Remember that nearly the entire world was against the war over sixty years ago and it came nonetheless. Meditation to calm the mind and commune with higher realms will do nothing to balance this realm.

**Q:** (L) Clearly from my experience, meditation to master yourself and your reactions is a very beneficial thing.

**A:** Yes. But then what does one do with that mastery?

**Q:** (Craig) It serves to help people who don't know how to control their mind or their emotions.

**A:** Yes. And teach them when where and how to use those emotions for change. Overcoming emotions so that one is not affected by what is out there and inside is little more than becoming an automaton.

**Q:** (Craig) Can these breathing techniques help - Sudarshan Kriya?

**A:** Absolutely!!!!!!!

**Q:** (Craig) Is it one of the best tools we can use to revive people's humanity?

**A:** Yes. But don't forget the balance. Facing reality and mastering the self alternating with meditation for recovery.

**Q:** (Craig) Is there any chance for OPs to be rehabilitated?

**A:** Very likely not.

**Q:** (Craig) What percentage of prisoners are OPs?

**A:** Lower than you might expect in this present reality.

**Q:** (L) So that would suggest that more people with souls are in prisons. (Craig) That was my experience teaching breathing techniques in prisons. There was a lot of fantastic guys. Would showing these breathing techniques here in this household for the present company be beneficial?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (Craig) Can we do it soon?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (Craig) Should the present distinguished company give up smoking before we do it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (laughter) (DD) Nice try, though! (Craig) Is that the full program - the five day course? (L) You're going to do the five day course? (Craig) Is that the right thing for this environment?

**A:** Sure.

**Q:** (An\*\*) We don't have to give up garlic, do we? (laughter) (Craig) As long as you don't smoke during the sessions or eat garlic during the sessions. (L) How long are the sessions? (Craig) Two and half hours, two and half hours... (L) Well, we're going to have to cut them back to 45 minutes. (laughter) (Craig) So, the origins of this Sudarshan Kriya, is this from the ancient Vedic times - Kantekkian Civilization - or is it from modern times?

**A:** Modern.

**Q:** (Ark) What is it? (Craig) It's a technique with sound and breath to get rid of stress in the system, bring balance, joy, get more energy. Oh, relating back to my first question: If it was to divert attention against Mahareshi Mahesh Yogi, then why did they keep the assassination attempt secret?

**A:** It wasn't secret from those intended to be influenced.

**Q:** (Craig) Right... (L) I doubt it would have made any difference to the wider public at all I don't think. (Craig) Well, they kept it secret to keep the organization going, which was in the wrong direction... So, lastly, what is the relationship between Mahareshi Mahesh Yogi and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?

**A:** 5th density pact.

**Q:** (Craig) Are they masters that work with 5th density?

**A:** Came from... with a mission here.

**Q:** (L) Well, everybody essentially comes from 5th density, but not everybody comes with a mission. (Craig) Will there be attempts by the consortium to stop Sri Sri Ravi Shankar?

**A:** Not too likely.

**Q:** (Craig) How can that be if he's doing world-changing work? How can that be?

**A:** It isn't balanced to be world changing alone.

**Q:** (L) If he added some elements into it then he'd have to go into hiding.

**A:** Remember what we have previously said: Life is religion...

**Q:** (Craig) Life is religion? [discussion of quote] (Joe) Life is religion. Those who pay attention to reality left and right become the future. (L) Those who seek to shut out life become a dream of the past. Something like that... Who's next?

(Simon) I'd like to know when Avebury was built?

**A:** 4233 BC

**Q:** (Simon) What was its original purpose?

**A:** Observation and calculation.

**Q:** (Simon) Of what?

**A:** The sky was rather busier than you have thus far known it.

**Q:** (Simon) So is it something to with observing the comets?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Simon) Is there anything useful we can understand from it today?

**A:** Not really, except of course the abilities of the builders.

**Q:** (L) I think whatever they were observing or calculating is no longer there, so it's like a defunct machine. (DD) Which leads us to the Palomar observations that they said, with the 4th density occupation beneath the mountain. How long had Palomar been a base before the Rockefellers or the human aspect was added to it?

**A:** 200 years.

**Q:** (DD) So 4th density STS had been in the mountain for 200 years before. Were the Rockefeller faction the first humans that were brought into that particular operation?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (DD) Obviously 4th density STS didn't need an observatory on that mountain. What was their purpose?

**A:** Of course not, but their minions do. Keeps them in line.

**Q:** (DD) We went up to the mountain after the Cassiopaean remarks about that - three times. We noticed that there were some very in-plain-site openings beneath the mountain and into the ground. What was the 10-12 foot diameter manhole with a big lid on it. It would take a crane to lift this lid. It looked like you could drop a truck down this hole. What was the purpose of that?

**A:** Leads to facilities which have another entrance. That entrance is actually an "exit" and opens easily from the inside.

**Q:** (DD) Okay. We noticed a couple of other smaller, similar manhole structures down there. And we also noticed what looked like a ventilator shaft. I got pretty close to it and listened and it sounded like there was some form of machinery. Was that some sort of life support for the human...

**A:** Not that. Remember that a large telescopic observatory requires a great deal of technological support, including its own power supply, etc.

**Q:** (DD) Ah, okay. Is that the purpose of the three buildings on rails that we saw that had the pipes that all came together and ran down the hill or underground?

**A:** Part of the observation apparatus.

**Q:** (DD) Okay. Why did 4D STS choose that particular location to build a base?

**A:** Ah! Now an interesting question! Perhaps you should research the history of the place and factor in the concept of windows between realities.

**Q:** (DD) I noticed that there were things that struck me as numerous underground operations when I was living on the West Coast in South Orange County. The first thing that caught my eye was the possible underground component of the ziggurat pyramid federal building on Laguna {???}. Was that building connected to any other subterranean works in that region?

**A:** Oh indeed. And it will be surprising to see how these things factor into the future police state.

**Q:** (DD) When we were involved in that El Toro airport fracas, it came to light that during World War II, they built a rather large underground component at the El Toro base ostensibly for weapons storage. Did that particular base operation link down toward Palomar or that federal building, or does it now?

**A:** Now you are catching on. There are a lot of linkages down there.

**Q:** (DD) Linkages meaning tunnel systems? So are most of the military bases on the West Coast linked that way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (DD) Are they linked to the federal building systems?

**A:** In some cases.

**Q:** (DD) Back to Palomar. The juniper that you suggested we locate, I think we did. It stuck out like a sore thumb. It was an orange {colored} tree. Was that the tree that you were specifically referring to?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (DD) What significance was that tree?

**A:** Sign post and locater for entry controls.

**Q:** (Simon) If you pulled the right branch, Don... (laughter) (L) Enough on Palomar... (Simon) Can I just go back and ask why have I always been so attracted to Avebury?

**A:** Past life connection.

**Q:** (Joe) I have a question for A\*\*\*. She was interested in asking a question about her niece. Her niece is the one who said that was in the tower on 9/11. Is this a case of her being reincarnated...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And she's been talking about seeing dinosaurs at night. So is she having interactions with 4D STS lizard types?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (An\*\*\*) Was A\*\*\* her grandfather in a past life?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Over the past couple of years there have been periodic reports of feet in shoes - disembodied feet - washing up on the shores. The most recent one was in February, last month, and it started this year. I just wondered where these are coming from?

**A:** Let us just say that some individuals have a very sick sense of humor.

**Q:** (An\*\*\*) Are they real feet from real people? (L) Yes, is somebody being murdered to provide these feet?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) They're getting the feet from already dead bodies?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And tossing them over from boats?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Just to appear in the news?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (laughter) (DD) We were discussing this at dinner tonight. (L) Alright, if nobody has any other pressing questions... (Craig) Simon has a past life connection with Avebury. I'm so attracted to it, do I also have a past-life connection to Avebury?

**A:** Yes. Why do you think you are living there?

**Q:** (L) I mean, of all the places to live. What's the name of this place you live? M\_\_\_\_\_? [discussion of name and joking about its pronunciation] (L) Okay, anybody got anything pressing? (Ar\*\*\*\*) Can I ask this one question? What causes this relaxing feeling I get when certain people talk? Like their voices mesmerize me and I feel relaxed. Why do I get that way?

**A:** Frequency match.

**Q:** (Craig) Like a resonance. (Joe) It resonates with your brain. (L) It resonates with the relaxing part. Just like my voice must resonate with the part that makes you irritable and angry. (laughter) (Ar\*\*\*) It's just that occasionally even if I don't know them I just hear a person's voice and I start feeling calm and very relaxed.

**A:** Now have fun!!!!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

