## June 9, 2009
We've got a new session to post but this one is going to require some context in order to understand the questions and answers. There is also a bit of specific personal material that will be edited out though I will retain anything that might be useful for others.

First of all, over the past week we were engaged in taking the "Art of Living" instruction taught by [Craig Pruess](http://www.heaven-on-earth-music.co.uk/hoemwebsite/cpcv.html). Craig was present at the session on [3 March 2009](http://www.cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php?topic=12369.0). As the Cs had said that the Sudarshen Kriya would be a useful thing for us to know and practice, Craig made time in his busy schedule to come down and teach us. He is a fantastic musician and when he is visiting, there is always a lot of music; this time was no exception!

We again discussed the Art of Living course in the [30 May 2009](http://www.cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php?topic=12514.) session and, interestingly, that was the session where the Cs brought up the topic of Ancient Christianity, or PaleoChristianity as they referred to it. Some of what they said was surprising, some other parts were not (historically speaking), since I had tracked these ideas in "The Secret History of the World".

The first day of the Art of Living course was devoted to preparatory stretching and breathing techniques. This is called "Pranayama" and you really need a trained instructor to learn this - there's no way it can be taught by me writing about it!

The second day, Craig taught us the Sudarshen Kriya. Again, this requires instruction and guidance. Nobody can teach you by writing about it!

This was a very interesting experience for a number of reasons. At one point, several people in the room simultaneously were startled by hearing a voice or voices and asked "Who is in the front hall?!" Even though they heard voices, the dogs did not bark and no one was there. It was discussed and all agreed that they heard a woman's voice in particular, and it was quite clear in sound even if they did not make out any words. This will come up in the session.

The next thing that happened was that, at the same time that the others were hearing this voice, (or voices), I had been having an exchange with "myself in the future" - the Cassiopaeans. This is hard to describe because I'm really not a trancy airy fairy type person. But, after doing the Kriya, in the relaxed space afterward, there was a clear exchange of information and the question in my mind was "what were you talking about when you said "What is needed is for many people to begin to make direct connections with their higher centers. This has been done via the "work" up to now, but there are other methods to accelerate the process and obtain the needed assistance" in the last session? I really wanted to know where they were going with this "PaleoChristianity" thing.

Well, I received an answer and it was at this point that the people in the room heard the voices though I didn't hear any voices myself. I did wonder if the voices that the others heard were related to the answers I had just received so clearly in my own head.

Anyway, what I was told - and it was rather clear and precise - was that there were certain parts of the old transcripts where all the clues had been given and that now was the time to put them together with the Sudarshen Kriya as well as recent hints about modifications to the Kriya to create an effective Sacramental method.

I went up to go to bed that night but, before I did, I pulled the transcript excerpts together that were still fresh in my mind and will present them here, now, before I continue. I'll bold those things that were "marked" for me by the Cs during the Kriya.

> 1 January 1995
>
> **A:** Chakras are like escalators, you choose your step and ***rise*** accordingly.
>
> 11 March 1995
>
> **Q:** …. (L) Okay, guys, let's connect our brain cells here!
> **A:** ***No need to connect "brain cells," using your chakras will do!***
> **Q:** (L) Don't connect your brain cells, connect your chakras. How do we connect our  chakras. (T) I didn't know that you could connect them? (S) They are all connected always. (L) But I mean how do we connect them with each other? (S) Think it, I guess.
> **A:** Discover.
> **Q:** (L) Can you give us a clue on this? (T) Meditation?
> **A:** You are missing the point, ***don't search, just let it happen when it is ready.***

> 11 February 1995
>
> **Q:** (L) In a previous reading you stated that the Lizzies tried to abduct my eldest daughter and that I "stopped" it. At the time I should have asked, and am asking now: how, specifically, did I stop that activity?
> **A:** ***Mental blocking, i.e. using 4th density principles. ...***
>
> **Q:** (L) So, mentally blocking is our defense?
> **A:** One of them.
> **Q:** (L) And, I was galvanized to erect this shield around my child because it was my baby?
> **A:** And you ***knew what to do***. 

> 3 April 1995
>
> **Q:** … (L) You did tell us at one point that we could achieve a certain level of protection with stones, crystals, and so forth, is that correct?
> **A:** Yes but crystals are "small potatoes."
> **Q:** (L) ***Is there anything we can do with our thinking patterns or with our bodies, or anything we can do to accelerate the receiving of assistance?***
> **A:** ***Unite***.
>
> {...}
>
> **Q:** (L) Okay guys, you are telling us we are under attack, you are telling us it is going to get worse, you are telling us that maybe some of these other guys can help us out, what can we do in the meantime?
> **A:** ***Prayers help but more is needed***.
> **Q:** (T) More than prayers is needed. So, we are on our own until we get contacted?
> **A:** Find an Orion!!!
> **Q:** (J) How? (L) What do we do, go out to the beach and say: "Orions, come here?" …
> **A:** ***That is all we can tell you, because it is the limit of informative arena, any further would interfere with free will, so discover***.

> 24 February 1996
>
> **A:** ***Networking provides solutions, and not just on the computer!!!*** {…} Remember, ***you learn on an exponential curve, once you have become "tuned in."*** This means that you become increasingly able to access the universal consciousness. Please learn to trust your increasing awareness. All who are present here are at one point or another on that cycle, or one point or another on that cycle of progression, some further along than others. ***If you properly network without prejudice, you may all wind up at the same point on this cycle***. We also mean that you can access the universal consciousness to find the answers to otherwise unseen truths…

> 14 July 1996
>
> {...}
>
> **A:** ... Alright, my dear, you want the facts, so we will give them to you, and ***hopefully you will comprehend. If not now, then when necessary maybe...*** Fact number one: All there is is lessons. Fact two: this is one big school. Fact three: Timing as you perceive it, is never, NEVER definite. Fact four: What is to happen, as you state it, is a ways off, and will not occur until you have reached that point on the learning cycle, and you are not close yet. ... Fact five: The learning cycle is variable, and progress along it is determined by events and circumstances as they unfold.
>
> {...}
>
> **A:** "Passion" does not set one "free," quite the opposite!
> **Q:** (L) But what if your passion is for knowledge?
> **A:** That is not passion, it is soul questing.
> **Q:** (L) What is it that gives some people this drive, this steamroller effect that they are determined to get to the absolute bottom of everything and strip away every lie until there is nothing left but the naked truth? What is the source of this desire?
> **A:** Wrong concept. It is simply that one is at that point on the learning cycle. At that point, no drive is needed.
> **Q:** (L) So, you more or less are there because some critical mass has been reached that 'jumps' you to the point where seeking truth is simply who you are? It defines the parameters of your being. ... Is it more like a 360 degree circle, and each person is a different point on the circle, and the whole thing cycles, and you never change relative to the people behind and in front of you, and the only real thing you can do to help anyone is to move the circle by moving yourself, thereby pushing the one ahead of you up, and pulling the one behind you into your previous place? And where you are on the cycle determines what you do?
> **A:** ***It is a single cycle, yes. There is only one learning cycle, and where you are upon it, determines your EXPERIENCES, and vice versa***.
> **Q:** (L) Is there ever any point where lines connect from one point on the cycle so that you can 'jump' from one point to another? Like a wormhole in space or something?
> **A:** Refer to facts 1 and 2 and 3.
> **Q:** (L) So, no short cuts?
> **A:** Now, refer to 3,4 and 5.
> **Q:** (L) So, certain events and circumstances could help a person to make 'leaps?'
> **A:** ***No "leap," acceleration***.

> 8 Dec 1996
>
> **Q:** (L) Are the crop circles themselves like antennae, or like homing devices for energy or thought patterns?
> **A:** No.
> **Q:** (L) Is the chronology of their appearance important?
> **A:** Semi.
> **Q:** (L) Is their location on the planet, in terms of longitude and latitude, significant?
> **A:** Yes and no.
> **Q:** (L) In what way yes?
> **A:** Location, not latitude and longitude... Those are merely measure markers.
> **Q:** (L) If the location is significant, what is it about the location that is significant?
> **A:** Magnetic generators of ***bonding frequency***.
> **Q:** (L) Are you saying that magnetic generators of bonding frequency are located at those places, are in those places?
> **A:** Port through them.
> **Q:** (L) OK, location and chronology...
> **A:** Why have you not brought up Stonehenge?
> **Q:** (L) Well, we talked about Stonehenge before, that it was an energy transducer, so to speak. So, was Stonehenge put there because of the location, or did Stonehenge create... (T) Why don't you just ask what it is about Stonehenge? (L) Okay, what is it about Stonehenge?
> **A:** Location attracted those ***spirit types on the proper frequency***, who in turn, placed stones in proper location to ***receive the coded communications*** in code telepathically, in order not to have to chase around the countryside reading encoded pictographs.
> **Q:** (L) What was the technique used within the circle to receive the information telepathically? [Planchette spiralled in, and spiralled out.]
> **A:** ***Transcendent focused thought wave separation***.
> **Q:** (L) OK, so that you're saying that moving in a spiral...
> **A:** The spiral serves to translate message by slowing down the wave and focusing thought wave transference energy. Utilizes /transduces electromagnetic waves, the conduit, by ***breaking down signal from universal language of intent into language of phonetic profile. This is for mutiple user necessity***.
> **Q:** (L) Mutiple user necessity implies that a number of people must do the spiral. Is that correct?
> **A:** No. ***Must hear and feel and understand precisely the same thing***. The molecular structure of the rock, when properly sculpted sing to you. 

> 14 June 1997
>
> **Q:** (Chloe) Thinking is electrical. Does a person leave an electrical echo and can certain combinations produce harmony which is cumulative and exponential, thereby certain groups thinking can produce more than others, or individually?
> **A:** Close. Now, for Chloe. Suggestion: ***Combine frequencies to witness the development of a directed wave effect; packs a potent "punch."***
> **Q:** (Chloe) And is this related to the group of seven? Seven pieces of pizza?
> **A:** Certainly! See what letting it flow does, Chloe?
> **Q:** [Question as to whether “dominos” is an acronym for___ ]
> **A:** Could be... And if so, be on the lookout for others.
> **Q:** (Chloe) Can we make good pizza?
> **A:** ***If you use the right ingredients***.
> **Q:** (Chloe) What does that mean?
> **A:** Recipes.

> 19 February 2000
>
> **Q:** What was the connection between the Hyperboreans, including the Celts of Britain, I believe, and the people of Delos?
> **A:** Northern peoples were responsible for civilising the Mediterranean/Adriatic peoples with the ***encoded secrets contained within their superior extra-terrestrially based genetic arrangement***. Practice of which you speak was multi-trans-generational habit.
> **Q:** Is it the case that some of them communicated with higher density beings via Stonehenge, and that these communications they received...
> **A:** Stonehenge used to resonate with tonal rill, ***teaching the other wise unteachable with wisdoms entered psychically through crown chakra transceiving system***.
>
> {...}
>
> **Q:** The legend was that the god, Phoebus Apollo, danced at Stonehenge every nineteen years. What does this relate to?
> **A:** Symbolic. Tides, moon eclipses, that sort of thing. Think of Wiccans entubed on the information superhighway!

> 15 April 2000
>
> **Q:** (L) This is something I have always wanted to get into a session, but I keep forgetting it. So, I wrote it down so I wouldn't forget. What is a "Merkabah?" All these New Age types are talking about it all over the place, and I just want to know if the standard interpretation is anything close to the reality. What is a Merkabah?
> **A:** A creative creation.
> **Q:** (L) Are you saying...
> **A:** As were..
> **Q:** (L) You didn't let me finish my question!
> **A:** We heard it in you.
> **Q:** (L) Well, just to get the question on the record, it was are all these people making all this stuff up about what the Merkabah is?
> **A:** But then again, what is made up and why? It is not so simple!
> **Q:** (L) In ancient literature, something called a Merkabah is talked about, but the definition of this extremely mysterious thing has been lost down through the centuries. There have been many "explanations" from such sources as the Midrash - Jewish commentaries - but there is even argument there. It seems that, even then, nobody knew what it was. But now, we have all these New Age folks coming along who have decided that they know what it is, and it is variously described as rotating double tetrahedrons...
> **A:** If no one knows what it is, that is as good as any other explanation.
> **Q:** (L) I want to know what the ancients who wrote about it meant? What is the definition of the word as the ancient writers used it?
> **A:** The original definition predates this.
> **Q:** (L) What is the original definition that predated the ancient writings that we have access to?
> **A:** What do you think?
> **Q:** (L) What? Well, it's a curious word because it is composed of two words or even three: mer kaba or mer ka ba. If we think of it as three part word, we have the Egyptian Ka, which is like the astral body, and the Ba which is similar to the Ka. I guess you could think of them as the astral body and the genetic body. Then there is the Ab which is the sort of principle element of the life in man - like the part that is of God or the soul. The Ab was represented as a red stone. It was the part of the man that expressed desire, lust, courage, wisdom, feeling, sense and intelligence. So, all of them together sort of expresses an abstract creative principle. Kaaba is Arabic for cube, and it is the square stone building in which the Black Stone is housed in Mecca. It was supposed to have been built by Ishmael and Abraham. So with Mer, Ka, Ab, and Ba, we have a cube made up of the principle parts of the etheric self, and housing a stone. Soul stone? Mother stone?
> **A:** By god, she's got it!
> **Q:** (L) Okay, we've got the soul or mother stone. Or the mother of all stones. Now that we have a definition, what was it?
> **A:** The Matriarch Stone.
> **Q:** (L) Is the Matriarch Stone the one in Mecca?
> **A:** Symbolism reigns supreme here.
> **Q:** (T) Is this also the Philosopher's Stone?
> **A:** ***"Stone" to those you perceive as ancients symbolized communication from "a higher source."***
> **Q:** (L) What is it about a stone that made the ancients associate it with communication?
> **A:** Radio waves.
> **Q:** (L) How did radio waves interact with the stone? Were they recorded by the stone; transmitted by the stone?
> **A:** Transmission.
> **Q:** (T) Crystals are stones. Crystals are used for radio transmissions.
> **A:** Yes.
> **Q:** (L) And it was said before that Stonehenge was a giant transmitter and receiver. The original purpose of Stonehenge was to receive communication and to send communication. It wasn't all that Druid HooDoo stuff that people talk about nowadays. It was a machine, so to speak. (J\*\*\*) Could it be that people who come in contact with a stone in one place, and then they go to another place and come in contact with another stone, transfer something from one stone to another?
> **A:** Well, one strengthens their abilities due to awareness channel grooving.
> **Q:** (L) What gets strengthened from contact with the stones?
> **A:** Your abilities.
> **Q:** (L) When they are talking about this Mother Stone, are they talking about something similar to the Atlantean crystals that gathered, dispersed and/or transduced energy?
> **A:** It is more symbolic. But you are on the right track.
> **Q:** (L) So, in talking about Merkabah, we are not talking about spinning tetrahedrons that enable you to ascend or generate some kind of "astral vehicle." They are saying that visualizing yourself inside of one of these enables you to ascend, or something.
> **A:** If you do that, it may help, though.
> **Q:** (L) It may help what?
> **A:** We are going around in circles here. You should use your own abilities to complete the answers to some of these. But, then again, it is one form of "spinning," is it not?
> **Q:** (T) Everything we have been doing here is all about gaining knowledge and increasing frequency in order to transit from 3rd to 4th density. In ancient times, they would have had to do the same things. But, there may not have been as many experiences available. In order to get experiences, they may have had to travel. So, by going to the stones, they might have increased their frequencies to transit from 3rd to 4th density.
>
> (L) Or they used them as a direct machine or device to do it. Archaeologists say that the people who erected the megaliths were barbarians. They are defined as barbarians because they didn't build cities, they didn't have the wheel, they didn't have organized agriculture, and they left no written records. Those are the defined elements of civilization. Yet, this group of people, whoever they were, did things that we cannot duplicate today, and they did it all over the globe. The groups who came along after them who DID have all the hallmarks of what we call civilization, also could not erect these gargantuan stones.
>
> I thought about this for a long time. Archaeologists say they must have erected them as monuments to their gods, or heroes or whatever. Some of them think they were calendars to tell them when to plant the corn. Well, I think that is stretching it a bit. If you can't cross off the days on the wall and look outside and see that it is time to plant the corn, you're in pretty sad shape. You hardly need to haul stones as big as buildings across hills and valleys to set them up in special places to tell you to do that! The psychology of the human being cannot have changed all that much over the many thousands of years from then to now, and it is true that people do not do anything without a powerful motivation; what I call the "payoff."
>
> What could be the payoff to haul these things around on greased logs as they are depicted? To create a monument or to bury their kings? To get naked and dance in the moonlight? (A) Like they had a lot of time to do this while struggling to live the barbarian existence, too! (L) Yeah. They are supposed to be howling savages who must constantly hunt to get food, yet they are spending all their time, occupying all their strongest men, to push rocks around! Meanwhile, according to the archaeologists and paleontologists, these folks only live to about 40 years at max!
>
> (T) They got a lot of mileage out of those 40 years!
>
> (L) Exactly! But, we are supposed to be thinking about the things they didn't have: cities, wheels, agriculture, and writing.
>
> (F) Maybe they didn't need it.
>
> (L) And why would that be? Because the stones did it all!
>
> (T) Maybe they were 4th density STO beings who planted all those stones all over the place.
>
> (L) Well, if you think about a group of people who are setting up these massive stones like they were pieces of styrofoam. The stones collect energy and information. They then transduce the energy or amplify it. These people know things about movement, dances or spinning or something, that enables them to behave in concert with the stones so that they all become part of a grand machine that does things! All of the legends talk about stylized dances and the oldest things about Stonehenge say that it was the Temple of Apollo and that Apollo danced there all night at certain periods of time. Every 19 years, I believe. When you think about that, and the other places Apollo appeared, the inversions and redactions of the legends, and we come to these magical stones that produce things. Then we come to the head of Bran the Blessed which supposedly produced endless supplies of bread and fish or whatever else was desired. Bran's head was the giver of all good things. But more than that, it was an oracle. It could speak. And here we have the idea of a similar function for Stonehenge: both an oracle as well as a giver of blessings and bounty. Anything you wanted or needed it provided for you. If you wanted to go somewhere, it transported you as in the legends of the flying carpets. It was magic transportation. All of these things are associated, when you track them back far enough, with a stone. The stones did everything.
>
> (J\*\*\*) And it is funny that stones come up. What I have been doing for the past 10 or 15 years is running around the globe collecting stones. I've been to some of the most ancient places on earth, and I go from one to the other. And from each one, I've collected stones. Plus, Apollo: on Crete, there was an oracle of Apollo on Tara...
>
> (L) And there was Tara in Ireland...
>
> (J\*\*\*) I wouldn't be surprised if Tara meant stone too! How is all this connected?
>
> (L) Exactly. This is what I have always thought about these megaliths. They DID things. All of the things we think are the "signs" of civilization were done by the stones. Maybe Terry is right; these people were at some level of density where they could make this work. At some point, something happened, the ability was lost, and then people had to build cities, engage in agriculture, invent the wheel, and develop writing - because they could no longer do it the "easy" way. …
> **A:** ***Stones were once utilized to provide for all needs, as the energies transmitted connected directly with the pituitary gland to connect spiritual realities with the material realms of 3rd and 4th densities. So you see, the "stone" was viewed as Matriarchal indeed!***
> **Q:** (L) Were the beings involved in this type of activity 3rd density, 4th density or bi-density?
> **A:** Originally 4th when home was in other locators.

> 14 September 2002

> **Q:** (J) They once said something about bi-density beings. They were like hybrids between 4th density beings and a 3rd density being. Or could such an individual be a genetically enhanced human?
> **A:** ***Humans were once "bi-density." And some may be again in the natural way***. Those of 4D STS "manufacture" are similar. Just think of them as a type of OP with souped up engines.
> **Q:** (L) My next question is: I've been being a bit mouthy on the website. I just can't seem to keep my mouth shut when I see so many lies and so much fraud, and the potential for so many people being hurt. I know that things are going to be they way they are being, and that we will 'do what we will do,' but it just isn't in me to keep silent when I see what I see. What are the chances that any of my activities are going to even be helpful?
> **A:** While it may not appear to make a difference, ***sometimes actions accelerate growth***.
> **Q:** (C) Do they mean personal growth or everyone's collective growth? (B) In the form of intensified lessons? (L) Yeah (laughter).
> **A:** Personal growth. And it can lead to lessons, but also to a star for passing the test. 

I printed out the above excerpts and we all read and discussed them the following day before the Kriya. We decided to experiment with "modifications" that included drumming and physical movement (spiralling counter-clockwise) before the Kriya to synchronize everyone's moving centers and emotional centers. We also experimented with singing and producing particular sounds. The Kriya was very powerful this way, and very energizing. Then, we had the session.

Laura, Ark, An\*\*, Joe, Allen B, Craig P, P L, Ar\*\*\*, Chu, Gaby, Scottie

**Q:** (L) This is where I start to get nervous. What if they don't answer?

**A:** Cassiopaea will not let you down!!!!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Fortunaea which reminds us that you might like that from Carmina Burana.

**Q:** (Discussion of Carmina Burana)

**A:** Some of those lyrics are truly ancient even if the music is not.

**Q:** (L) Questions? (J) What caused the destruction of the Air France flight?

**A:** Cometary explosion of the Tunguska variety though higher and a bit smaller.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's what we said in the beginning. Around here that's what I was saying, although there were some people who were doubting me, and saying "impossible!" (Ark) No. (L) Yes! (Ark) Improbable. (L) Well you said it was probability zero, and I said it was nonzero. (Ark) Probability that we meet was zero! (An\*\*) Do the authorities know about this and are they trying to cover it up?

**A:** Some do.

**Q:** (J) What a way to go... all of a sudden. (L) But I guess if you're going to go out in a blaze of glory, that's the way to do it. (Ar\*\*) It's the quickest way.

**A:** A ticket to 5D naturally! They chose the exit at some level. The days will come when the dead seem blessed.

**Q:** (Discussion of grim answer)

**A:** For some.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*\*) Are they talking about in the next 20 years?

**A:** Less.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) Oh god... (Alenl) In the next year?

**A:** Five.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) So what's going to happen in the next five years that's going to be worse?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (J) We can give you some hypotheses if you want, Ar\*\*. (Ar\*\*) Okay. (L) We can do it later. Next question? (Chu) What did you think about our music during Craig's [Art of Living] course?

**A:** You are really grooving!

**Q:** (laughter) (An\*\*) Is there some connection between people with OCD who recognize patterns easily - are they any less or more likely to be suggestible when it comes to hypnosis or dissociation?

**A:** No. Other factors are related to suggestibility.

**Q:** (L) So what's on your mind about it? (An\*\*) I was just thinking that it was kind of seeming hard for me yesterday to get into the trance mode ({during Kriya}. I noticed I was thinking a lot, counting, recognizing patterns of breathing and focusing on it, and I was wondering if that was prohibiting me from going into a trance state. Is there any connection?

**A:** You are much less externally suggestible though very internally suggestible.

**Q:** (An\*\*) You mean I suggest things to myself and then listen to myself?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (An\*\*) Alright, change subject! (laughter) (Allen) I have a question. Did I remember correctly, or did I make it up in my own mind when I remembered telling my mom as a kid that the world would end around the time that I was fifty years old?

**A:** Your memory is good though your prediction is slightly off.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we want to know what is the root cause of P's partial arm paralysis. Is it because of his dietary changes and taking {too much} magnesium and so forth?

**A:** Not really. It is very much psychosomatic though there is a strong physical predisposition.

**Q:** (P) How to change or reduce the psychosomatic factors?

**A:** This is going to require work. The main issue is the relationship with the mother. The left side represents the mother and feminine energy. You feel paralyzed by your relationship with your mother and the anger that is unexpressed is turned on yourself.

**Q:** (P) [something about memories of past abuse] is it my imagination, or is there something there?

**A:** There is nothing wrong with your memory either!

**Q:** (L) It's funny that after you {began} talking about this, that not long after that is when this {paralysis problem} began. (P) So, it means that... (Ar\*\*) You need to calm your rage somehow. (L) Or express it.

**A:** It is a terrible thing to be used by your mother and thus betrayed to the core.

**Q:** (P) Does it mean I have to forgive her, to love her, despite this past?

**A:** What did we just say about unexpressed rage? What is loving and forgiving going to do for what is bottled up inside you?

**Q:** (P) It means I have to express rage, this rage and anger that is inside me...

**A:** There are several nondamaging ways to do this, also. It would do absolutely no good to express it overtly toward your mother, though it would be helpful for you to limit interactions strictly for the duration of the process.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they're not saying, "Dump on your mother." That's not a good thing. (Ark) What did we learn about nonexpressing of negative emotions. (L) You have to find a way of channeling them out without creating more damage. (Craig) Would regular Kriya help this?

**A:** Very helpful, yes!

**Q:** (Ark) You see, the first thing I think is just to admit facts about your feelings, admit that you ARE enraged, and then to look objectively at the whole situation and find the best solution without hiding. (L) You're going around hiding this, like your arm. (Allen) The very first thing you thought of was loving and forgiving her - just pushing the whole thing under the rug. (P) Yeah. (L) The way a dog returns to its vomit. (P) I wasn't sure [about the memories] because I was so young. I had glimpses and hints. Now I am more sure and I can do something with that. Otherwise I'm not sure, and feeling guilty to have such bad thoughts about my mother...

**A:** Guilt is part of the problem.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, you are feeling guilty because you wrote what you wrote about your mother ... For thinking it, for talking about it! (P) Is it that I feel guilty because often in {child abuse}, you see the victim feeling he was guilty, he was responsible... (J) But P, you were a child then. (P) I know, but...

**A:** Sexual feelings are natural. It is the duty and responsibility of the parent and all adults to not take advantage of the young in this respect.

**Q:** (J) They said there was a strong physical predisposition. I was wondering if there was anything he could take that would help him...

**A:** The old injury that has been discussed.

**Q:** (L) So, they're probably related. (Chu) So, working on that injury would help the process?

**A:** Yes. It might also help to get "Rolfed".

**Q:** (L) Deep tissue massage.

**A:** It can help to release emotions held in the tissues.

**Q:** (L) So you're gonna have to get rolfed and do Kriya at the same time! (Allen) And express rage. (L) Believe me, if you get rolfed, you'll express your rage! (laughter) (Craig) Would it help for P to do an advanced course [of the Art of Living]?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Next topic? {...} (P) I wanted to ask a question about this martial arts school I was in, when we were uniting our crown chakras. Were we uniting chakras?

**A:** Not likely, but you could figure that out. Stop being so gullible and inclined to believe in illusions when you know better.

**Q:** (L) Next? {...} (Gaby) Whose voice did we hear a couple days ago when we were doing the breathing exercises?

**A:** Alternate reality bleedthrough.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*\*) Was what we were doing caused that?

**A:** Opened portal.

**Q:** (L) Let's ask about the Art of Living, the breathing and so forth. Does anybody want to formulate a question or two here? (discussion of question to ask) {...} (An\*\*) Why did I see a menorah today during the {Kriya}?

**A:** There have been a lot of bleedthroughs here. Recall your past life!

**Q:** (An\*\*) I was a Jew?!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) I was a celebrity?

**A:** Maybe!

**Q:** (Ari\*\*) Oh, be quiet! (An\*\*) Was I a nice Jew?

**A:** Yes...

**Q:** (An\*\*) What does that mean?

**A:** That life didn't end well. Connect your resistance to external suggestion and need for internal suggestion to the menorah and the pain and tragedy of that experience.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) That is so evil.

**A:** You are safe now.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) So you were a Jew who was captured by the Germans, huh? Poor An\*\*! No wonder you hate them so much. Do you? Do you dislike the Germans? (An\*\*) Not all of them. (laughter) (J) You'll end up hating the Zionists if you... (L) She was one. A German Jew. (An\*\*) Wow, I really have a past to contend with. (Ar\*\*) Can I ask one last "Ar\*\* question?" Are there any monsters living in caves in France?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (laughter) (An\*\*) There has to be at least one cave monster question per session with Ar\*\*. (Ar\*\*) I don't have to go to Malta!!! Which direction, north, south, Paris, east, west - what caves?

**A:** Massif Centrale.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) Where is it? (L) Don't encourage her! (P) Is it related to the beast of Gévaudan?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (P) Does that mean that the beast that was sighted in the eighteenth century is still there?

**A:** Or a relative and others.

**Q:** (P) But there are no reports like in the eighteenth century.

**A:** Wait for the window to open again.

**Q:** (P) It will come back. (An\*\*) When it came the first time it was...

**A:** That one was someone's "pet".

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) Is there a way to track them so I can find them? I just want to take a picture.

**A:** No dice!

**Q:** (A\*\*) Oh come on, tell me!

**A:** Believe us, you don't want a picture!

**Q:** (J) A 4D lizzie's pet that got off the leash...

**A:** Remember the "Cheddar" monster? That was a young one!

**Q:** (laughter) (discussion of bigger, uglier monster) (Craig) About the UK, are they trying a coup to replace the government in the UK?

**A:** Just getting the pathological types in.

**Q:** (J) That's what we suspected, ya know? Vin was saying it seemed like a cleaning, like they were getting rid of people with this scandal. (P) I found some statements from Daniel Cohn-Bendit of the Green party, he made some statements in 1996 that he was a pedophile. But there was no quote, no judgment, nothing. So I wanted to know if he was bluffing, or if it was true?

**A:** Why would anybody bluff about that? P, you really need to start using your gray matter more!

**Q:** (L) You have all that gray matter, and you're not using it. You're letting your emotions rule your life. (Allen) And your arm is probably only the beginning if nothing changes I would imagine. (J) Back to breathing? (L) Yes. So, what do you think of this Kriya?

**A:** Great stuff, eh? Lighten up on the fluff though.

**Q:** (J) Would the fluff be... (Craig) The drumming?

**A:** Drumming is good and intense. There is too much "free time" in altered states.

**Q:** (J) Remember what I was saying yesterday about how there was too much time when we were just lying there and nothing was being said... that should be guided.

**A:** When you sweep the house and leave it clean if you do not decide what to put back in then others will do it.

**Q:** (Craig) Does that apply to this group, or the public in general?

**A:** Not this group. But definitely those who have not integrated consciousness. The breathing is a tool, a technique, and should be seen as such and not as the result.

**Q:** (L) That make sense? (Craig) Yup. (J) Should there be any modifications to the breathing? (Allen) Yeah, is the breathing as it's taught now good enough?

**A:** Yes but your earlier observations were valid and most useful.

**Q:** (L) I guess when we were talking about the "huh" thing to get rid of anger - maybe that should come at the beginning? But I guess that would depend on the individual and what their problem was. Some people might not be able to release. I guess it would have to be different at different times, depending on the group, depending on the problem, depending on the instincts of the facilitator. (J) What about the question we raised about the staring and suggesting you take the other person in your heart. (Craig) Is there any danger in the eye gazing?

**A:** Yes, as with everything. But knowledge protects. That particular part is a bit of the New Age fluff. Gazing and unifying exercises should be undertaken with some care.

**Q:** (L) Like I said, I think that would be really good with couples. (A\*\*) Yeah, it's kind of a personal, intimate thing, when you've already decided that you like somebody. (J) That's a good angle, Craig, couples' breathing! (Craig) That's what Kama Sutra's for! (laughter) (J) No, I don't mean... you can tailor it, ya know? You could have some kind of ideas to bring couples together, or for people who are having problems with their relationships... (Ark) But this may be against the original Indian way. (J) But this is for a New Age, Arky! (Ar\*\*) This is evolution, people! This is going boldly where no one's gone before. (L) Well, I think that, as far as I can tell, even though there's a lot of patristic ponerization in Indian society and thought, they do seem to be relatively free of raving psychopathy. So, in that society, it's not so dangerous - but in Western society, a society that has grown up out of the Judeo-Christian psychopathic... (Craig) Okay. How do psychopaths or OPs respond when they first do the Kriya?

**A:** Depends upon the individual. But in general, since it is mostly a physiological process, they can certainly fly under the radar.

**Q:** (Craig) Does this provide any protection to do eye gazing, the fact that Kriya has come before?

**A:** No. In fact since organic portals are mostly emotion reaction machines they might seek out the process for catharsis.

**Q:** (Craig) Should I drop it from the courses? (L) Drop what? (Craig) Eye gazing.

**A:** We hesitate to tell anyone what to do, but in this case we suggest that, yes, it would be safer. ... [letters come very quickly] Do not get lost in an illusion that a breathing technique can protect from psychopathy! Only knowledge can do that, and sometimes it takes a long time to acquire the data to make a determination.

**Q:** (L) That was pretty strong. (L) So don't think that breathing and prana... I think we ought not lose site of the fact that psychopaths and OPs and all living beings use prana. (An\*\*) Yeah. (L) And they like it. It's life force. (Craig) Does this Kriya have any possibility of rehabilitation for OPs?

**A:** Why do they need to be "rehabilitated"? Do you want to "rehabilitate cows"?

**Q:** (laughter) (Craig) Moo! (Chu) Ohmoo! (L) I mean, obviously it helps them. They get prana, too. (Craig) Yeah, the thing is that might be more dangerous. (L) Well, the thing is that I think that people have the wrong idea about OPs. I think that OPs are a normal, natural part of the landscape. They are useful, beneficial - as long as they are in their place and doing what they're supposed to be doing, what they're created to do. And as long as they have the proper guidance. It's not something to be afraid of. I mean, you don't want to be married to them or have intimate relations with them, because then they hook in and directly drain your energy. But being afraid of them, that's the whole wrong attitude. We've had a couple here that we've studied long and hard and carefully, and they are what they are. They're emotional and they can be loving towards animals, loving towards their children and families. They can be good householders. (Allen) Also, "rehabilitate" assumes that there is something wrong with them. (Craig) They're blocked from any spiritual development. (J) What do you mean by rehabilitate an OP? (L) Make them not OPs? (Craig) Well, no, help them evolve. (L) Well, they evolve by receiving proper guidance for how to live their lives. And in that sense... (Ark) The point is not to expect from an OP that he will behave like a non-OP. (Craig) Well, that's not my question, my question was... (Allen) What you specifically asked was can they be rehabilitated, and rehabilitation is something you do with someone who was up here, and fell down here. Something happened to them and they got... OPs are just OPs. (L) Oh, well you were thinking... (Craig) Well, because I worked with prisoners. (L) Yeah. (J) Well, then the question shouldn't be... (L) Here, let's ask.

**A:** Most of the prisoners are not OPs. Most OPs are very good "citizens."

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) It's like a toaster. Toasters are useful, they toast, and you can give them the ability to toast better, but it will always be a toaster. And you don't want to sleep with a toaster because that would really hurt. (Craig) I suppose this gets into the question of the evolution of individual souls. (J) Kriya could be useful for potentially souled people who are in struggle, or souled people who are in struggle. (Craig) So, is there a benefit for OPs to do Kriya?

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** (L) Benefit, just not rehabilitation. I think it's beneficial for everybody. Except that psychopaths might...

[Second Tape is inserted]

(L) As your question. (Craig) So, are OPs in the public signing up to the Art of Living course? Is this a concern?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) My guess would be that they would sign up, probably in numbers equal to potentially souled people because they have probably as often as anybody else trauma in their backgrounds, or being abused, or... (Craig) So I want to ask the same question about psychopaths. Is this a problem?

**A:** Oh indeed. Especially as the process becomes more widely known.

**Q:** (L) It's just something you're going to have to deal with, situation by situation, just like we do with our groups. We give the benefit of the doubt, we have ways and means of testing. (Craig) But my main concern is to protect other people that go to the course. (Allen) But how do you weed? Psychopaths are not easy to spot. (L) Yeah, the good ones are really hard to spot. ...

**A:** The main thing to consider is this: As people learn the practice and implement it, their own awareness can grow along with "being". And  if there is a parallel growth in knowledge  , the Kriya will enhance this knowledge thus the protection.

**Q:** (L) So, it's like one line of things they need to do, I think. Because it's clear to me that it's very helpful. But like they said earlier, you sweep the house out, and if you don't put something back in that's the right thing, then somebody else puts it in for you - like religion, society, television, whatever. (J) What specific aspect of what we were doing opened the portal to an alternate reality?

**A:** Releasing emotional blockages to awareness.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) Who did we hear in the hall? Do they have a name? Was it somebody that we know in another reality?

**A:** It could have been "you" in the future.

**Q:** (Ar\*\*) That's what I was thinking. It might have been one of us in another reality in the hall. (An\*\*) What about my flashback or whatever it was to my past life? What happened? How did I die? (L) Which flashback? (J) The menorah one.

**A:** Experimented on with biological substances.

**Q:** (An\*\*) Is there anything I can do to work through these emotions from then?

**A:** Awareness is the first step. Nothing is totally easy. But practice of Kriya with journaling what emerges and releasing the emotions will get you off to a good start.

**Q:** (An\*\*) What about G\*\*? Is she okay? {Reference to news that a close childhood friend had just been killed in an accident three days previously.}

**A:** At last she understands and feels peace. .. She is telling you not to grieve. She didn't want to experience the things to come. You wouldn't want her to either.

**Q:** (An\*\*) That was something I was worried about. (L) All of us worried about it. I mean, come on, she's Lebanese in America. (Craig) Can I ask if the QFG should do the Art of Living course wherever they are?

**A:** Yes. That is already on the agenda!

**Q:** (J) You have it on the agenda? (L) I did, yeah. It's on my agenda. We've gotta warn them about the gazing though. (Craig) That's worth asking: Should we warn the local QFG group about eye gazing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (J) That would be an easy one for most of them. (L) Yeah, they wouldn't like it. They would feel instantly invaded. (J) They would come up with the same concerns that we have. (Chu) Can I ask a question? For about a month now or so, I get these visions when I'm about to fall asleep that there's something from a past life that is preventing me from seeing something in the present. Maybe from one or several past lives, I dunno. I would like to know if that's true or if there's something in the present...

**A:** The past and present are intertwined. The same method will work for you as was suggested for An\*\*.

**Q:** (L) Alright, does anybody else have any questions? I guess we should ask about our Paleochristianity thing. (J) Last time, they said they were going to tell us how to accelerate the process...

**A:** At this point you already know the answers after having brainstormed about it today, along with a direct message from us during the Kriya!!!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, that was a message about the transcripts [that Laura received doing the Kriya]. To put those things together in order to understand the point. Is that it?

**A:** Yes. We've been giving you the keys for years now! It is getting time to use them.

**Q:** (L) Any more questions? Is there anything that we haven't asked that we should have asked? Consider it asked. (laughter)

**A:** No dice! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

