## May 30, 2009
Laura, Ark, G\*\*\*, Scottie, C\*\*, A\*\*\*, Joe, A\*\*\*

{The choral music of Thomas Tallis plays in the background}

(Ark) It's stuck! (L) It's not stuck. It's just waiting.

{Nothing happens for a minute}

(L) Maybe they don't like the music. {Music is turned off}

**A:** Thank you!

**Q:** (L) Alright. Who do we have with us?

**A:** Loriennia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) And why didn't you like the music?

**A:** It was putting us to sleep!

**Q:** {Laughter} (L) I see. Well, what kind of music do you like?

**A:** Many at different times.

**Q:** (L) {First question} L\*\*\* A\*\*\* just had to have her two old sick doggies put down yesterday partly so she could start her new life, but also because there is simply no other choice considering the situation. {Note: The individual is moving to a new city where she has an offer to live and work, and the apartment does not accept dogs. Both of them were quite old and on various meds so not good candidates for adoption.} She's very upset and missing them. Is there anything I can say or anything you can say to give her any kind of pointer as to whether or not this was the right thing to do?

**A:** Right 5D for pets

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is there any particular goal for her to focus on at the present time?

**A:** Getting well will be facilitated by focusing on others as the reason to get better. Giving her life to dogs didn't give much to the world nor did it bring much return except subjective illusion. As Gurdjieff said, you get back what you give to life.

**Q:** (L) Well, for a long time she didn't have anything except the dogs, and now the dogs are gone. I think she's feeling pretty bereft. And you're saying the doggies went to doggie 5D so to speak...

**A:** One day she will have a dog that will return the favors.

**Q:** (L) She made the remark that since her dogs were old and sick and on medication, and she was sick and on medication, that maybe she wasn't worth keeping alive either.

**A:** Apples and oranges. Dogs are subjective and personal and a human can be objective in terms of what can be given to others.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that keeping a dog alive {by extraordinary means} is just keeping alive something that's subjective and personal to you, while a human can be kept alive and give a great deal that's objectively beneficial to other people {depending on the individual, of course}. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What's next? (Discussion of lists of questions) (L) Oh! Once you mentioned that my metabolism, which required nicotine and which was so "thrifty" shall we say, was the ideal metabolism or genetics for a post-cataclysmic world. Now, my idea is that I don't like the idea of what you're saying there. It's almost like you're saying - in a post-cataclysmic world you're kind of reduced to the cave man state, and.... What's the deal there?

**A:** You missed it entirely. A "post cataclysmic" world can be a higher density world where you would receive the nutrients that your body would thrive on.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that my metabolism, my genetics are actually designed for a higher density?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That's weird. And you also said at the same time that I would "give Ark the food" if the situation warranted - something like that. Did that have a multi-layered meaning?

**A:** Oh yes!

**Q:** (L) Well, are you gonna tell me?

**A:** Figure it out yourself!

{The reference is to session 27 June 1998 excerpt as follows:

**Q:** Okay, I will keep searching. Ark is mad at you guys, you

know. So, I would like to know what is the advantage, if

any, of this profile you have described - what is the

evolutionary advantage of having this sick metabolism?

**A:** Who says this is "sick?"

**Q:** Well, I am saying this loosely. I mean, it's not normal,

it's not natural, it's highly unusual... nearly everyone I

have ever met who has a weight problem also has an eating

problem and I can promise you that I don't!

**A:** Better metabolism for cat... Sorry, that was our attempt

at an abbreviation!

**Q:** What were you attempting to abbreviate?

**A:** Guess.

**Q:** {Laughter} Is channeling the first word?

**A:** CAT.

**Q:** Next letter?

**A:** How about post cat a clysmic world.

**Q:** Well, Ark doesn't have that metablolism... I don't want to

be in a post-cataclysmic world without him...

**A:** Then give him the food.

**Q:** What food?

**A:** What food you have, if... confronted with the situation.

**Q:** Are you saying that we are gonna be hanging out on a post

cataclysmic planet?

**A:** That is always a possibility.}

**Q:** (L) Does it have something to do with being able to manifest or feed people energy literally?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (S) So instead of visiting McDonalds, we'll go visit McLaura or something? (laughter)

**A:** Stop thinking third density.

**Q:** (Joe) Maybe it's like you'll be able to absorb nutrients from the environment and then somehow energetically give them to others.

**A:** Think of the Maruts and their baskets from "heaven".

{This reference is to material in "The Secret History of the World"}

**Q:** (L) So in other words, we're talking about being able to somehow manifest from higher dimensions or other dimensions, or direct manifestation of what is needed, i.e. the loaves and fishes?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) I'm assuming that means I'm going to rejuvenate. I'm a little tired for that sort of thing at this point!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That means I have to survive until that point in time. What other questions are on there on the list?

{….}

**Q:** (L) Well that's like how you deal with children. If you tell them no, you have to be consistent about it. So, if he whines and cries, I can't let that affect me. Alright. Now I want to ask about this Art of Living course a bit more. Craig has sent us his requirements which are to not eat garlic and to not smoke for the duration of the course. Are those ideas advisable for us?

**A:** No. Not smoking and avoidance of garlic are directly related to mind programming systems. Consider the culture and religious context of the system.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but you told Craig that it would be very good with multiple exclamation points for him to come down and give us the course.

**A:** It may be that he learns something too!!

**Q:** (L) So, what do you mean by him learning something?

**A:** There is a lot of input that you and Gaby can give him to improve and beneficially modify what he has been taught.

**Q:** (L) Are you talking about physiological or medical information?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Go Gaby! (laughter) (J) So we need to be kind of critically... (L) In other words, he should be coming here to teach us this method so that we can critically assess it and possibly suggest modifications and improvements. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (J) We don't need to space out or anything like that. (L) No, we need to keep our focus on what is being taught, or what he is being taught to teach. (J) After the last session, they said that there wasn't a lot of objectivity to it. (L) Yeah, that there were some issues.

{...}

**Q:** (J) Is swine flu going to make a comeback this winter?

**A:** Sure. They are working on drastic reduction of the population before climate change goes too far. Can't have all those starving people after their heads now can they?

**Q:** (J) I wonder if it's going to affect us?

**A:** With your diet?!?! Toxicity makes many more susceptible than during other pandemics. Why else do you think that such toxicity is allowed and even encouraged?

**Q:** (L) What's next?

**A:** How about "Paleochristianity"?

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Well since you brought it up... (J) You should respond with, "Now that's an interesting question!" (laughter) (L) What do you mean by Paleochristianity? (laughter) (L) Would you define Paleochristianity for us?

**A:** The knowledge of realms that all men comprehended before the "fall".

**Q:** (L) Why is it called Christianity? Isn't Christianity strictly related to Christianity as we know it?

**A:** Oh no! The word was co-opted and everything you know of as Christianity is distorted. For example, the earliest "Christ" was a woman.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Were the Bogomils and the Cathars - as I have surmised - close to understanding this original reality?

**A:** They had some very close approximations, but they were still influenced by many of the distorted religious ideas of the time.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is the importance of Paleochristianity?

**A:** The only hope for the survival of your realm and species.

**Q:** (L) In what sense do you mean that?

**A:** Unification of aim: survival and avoidance of the destruction hanging over your heads as a consequence of the machinations of psychopathy.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, some of the thoughts and discussions that we've had over the past week or two {about the global situation} are pretty much on the money?

**A:** Yes. More or less. There has also been some nudging from this side. Time is getting "short" even though there really is no time. Remember what we said about being wise as serpents and gentle as doves.

**Q:** (L) How many questions do you have left Joe? (J) Given the end of the world scenario, all my other questions pale into insignificance. (laughter) (L) What questions do you have? (Ark) They would not fit this session. (L) They belong to a different sessions with Joe's questions? (laughter) (L) Okay. What is the most essential thing for us to know about Paleochristianity, about what people need to know?

**A:** People need to know about pathology as you call it. In former times it was often referred to as demonic possession. In some cases, they were right.

**Q:** (L) But clearly not in all cases, and that needs to made absolutely clear because there are some people who are just sick.

**A:** Yes. Hyperdimensional influences are often the cause of pathology. This can be due to influences at this level of reality including dietary and nurture.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what else?

**A:** Just as detoxing the body can lead to abundant health, so can detoxing the mind and environment lead to abundant life and happiness for all. But as was the "fall", it must be a group decision and the differences and pathological blocks to objective understanding must be removed.

**Q:** (L) In other words, there's no hope for our planet or our species if normal human beings do not come together and get over these varied pathological belief systems and religions and "your truth" and "my truth" and all that sort of thing?

**A:** Yes. All of that was created and spread by pathological types under the influence of their hyperdimensional masters for the purpose of turning this planet into a "hell on earth" with them as the masters. They have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. What is needed is for many people to begin to make direct connections with their higher centers. This has been done via the "work" up to now, but there are other methods to accelerate the process and obtain the needed assistance.

**Q:** (L) For example?

**A:** Stay tuned. Next time. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

