## December 29, 2009
Laura, Ark, Anart, Joe, A\*\*\*, P\*\*\*\*\*, Allen, C\*\*, I\*\*, Scottie, G\*\*\*

**Q:** {General mayhem as lights are adjusted and 3 Christmas candles are lit}

**A:** Hello people of the future.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Knoriha of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay... Ark was saying he was reading some predictions that there's going to be a bloody future for the US and not a very good future for France either. We'll have to find the article.

{Article located at: [2010, The Saga Continues](http://mat-rodina.blogspot.com/2009/12/2010-saga-continues.html)}

**A:** Didn't we say "5D city on a hill"?

**Q:** (L) Yes... Okay, well, the thing that occurs to me as I observe all of this insanity is that this drive for control results only in destruction. The destruction is of everything that one would think the psychopaths would... I mean, if you wA\*\*\* have power over something, what good does it do to have any power if everything's dead and there's nobody there to have power over? They're killing everything! They'll end up in total control of everything, but there'll be nothing there but ashes. It's just insane!

**A:** Psychopathy is characterized by a supreme lack of insight.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, when Lobaczewski said that it's like the germs in the body that do not realize that they will be burned in the ground with the corpse...

{Quote from Political Ponerology that is referenced above:

"The following questions thus suggest themselves: what happens if the network of understandings among psychopaths achieves power in leadership positions with international exposure? This can happen, especially during the later phases of the phenomenon. Goaded by their character, such people thirst for just that even though it would conflict with their own life interest... They do not understand that a catastrophe {will} ensue. Germs are not aware that they will be burned alive or buried deep in the ground along with the human body whose death they are causing.

"If such and many managerial positions are assumed by individuals deprived of sufficient abilities to feel and understand most other people, and who also betray deficiencies in technical imagination and practical skills—(faculties indispensable for governing economic and political matters) this must result in an exceptionally serious crisis in all areas, both within the country in question and with regard to international relations. Within, the situation shall become unbearable even for those citizens who were able to feather their nest into a relatively comfortable  modus vivendi  . Outside, other societies start to feel the pathological quality of the phenomenon quite distinctly. Such a state of affairs cannot last long."}

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And the unfortunate thing is that the masses of people do not realize that they are the body that is being killed by these germs, and they're really, REALLY, not waking up.

**A:** Don't lose hope for your groups. They will do well if they will follow the STO way set out for them.

**Q:** (L) Well, first we have some revelations, and you start feeling a little hope about the Climategate thing. Then, you have this obviously transparent "false flag" terrorism attack on an airplane which then results in crackdowns that make everybody miserable. It's so ridiculous as to be beyond comprehension.

**A:** We once said that 4D STS will become desperate for control as the changes approach. They perceive that control is being undermined thus making them more desperate.

**Q:** (L) What's undermining their control?

**A:** Why you, yes! Collectively, that is.

**Q:** (Allen) So we do it by things that we're publishing, or just by being who we're being and working on things for ourselves?

**A:** All and more coming down the creativity pipeline.

**Q:** (L) Could it be said that what we're doing is actually inducing these controlling actions?

**A:** Yes but that is actually good because it means that their desperation is being driven and they will make more mistakes and turn the masses against them sooner.

**Q:** (L) So the more positive things we do, and the more creative we become, the more it drives them to try to suppress and repress things in indirect ways to try to suppress and repress us without suppressing and repressing us directly - because that would be too obvious - and by so doing, they show their hand so to speak?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) That's what happens with guerrilla warfare, ya know?

(L) It's the damnedest thing I've ever seen.

(Ark) What what?

(L) The whole thing, the way the energy moves back and forth. We get going, and then everything out there gets going, and then we make a move, and then get pushed back when they make a move... But it's all a psychic, mental thing.

(Joe) It's about being aware of all the reality of the situation because I can't think of any other way that it can happen because our reach is really limited. If we are having some effect, I can only assume it's a mental and psychic thing. And the more that each individual perceives the situation more clearly, and the real truth about it the situation, then that has a greater effect. There are a lot of people out there in the conspiracy...

**A:** The more who see, the more that can see! And didn't we once say that it is not where you are but rather WHO you are and what you SEE!!

**Q:** (Ark) I just wanted to say that it seems to me that what is important is not that there is really such relation between what we or someone similar is doing, but what is important is to try, so to say, new tricks. Because old tricks are already known and taken into account and so on. The only thing that can change things and cause this butterfly effect is a new trick. So, we have to work and PC is one new trick, but we should not stop with inventing new tricks.

(L) Yeah, I've thought of some things lately. I have thought that we ought to make SOTT.net a project of the Fellowship - openly. It should begin to incline itself toward reporting the news with an open PC slant.

(Ark) You mean something like this Sorcha Faal?

(L) Well, Sorcha Faal is just complete disinformation. I'm thinking more like if it's a project of PaleoChristianity, we could write commentary from the point of view of philosophy and stop trying to be so politically neutral.

(Anart) Open the flood gates.

(L) Yeah, open the flood gates on that, and also I was thinking for awhile that we ought to keep the C's completely separate from PC. Now I'm wondering if...

**A:** No that will not do!

**Q:** (Ark) That will not do for the simple reason that...

(L) The C's are the inspiration for PC. They're the 10% inspiration. We have to include that 10%. I mean, I was thinking I should write an article and say that okay, I'm the founder, and the group and I came to the idea to found this organization because of this inspiration and this research which led to the study of Christianity. I've always been obsessed with studying it deeply, trying to find out what's the real story. So here it is! This is what we've found.

(A\*\*\*) I think it would save a lot of energy to be able to say anything we want on all of our sites instead of being careful and picking and choosing how to frame things. We could use that energy doing something else.

(Joe) What was, "No that will not do" in reference to?

(L) That was in reference to what I just said, so no it's not a good idea to keep the C's separate.

**A:** Exactly. All religions that are based on truth have the true shamanic element at the core.

**Q:** (Ark) You said that you want to make SOTT part of PC essentially?

(L) Mm-hmm.

(Ark) I don't think it's a good idea.

(L) Why?

(Ark) I think it's a better idea to give a special place on SOTT for PC news so there will be recording... because otherwise the PC will be instantly attacked.

(L) Well, let me tell you what I had in mind. The reason I was thinking this is because they're already attacking any group that stands alone and says anything "conspiratorial". I was reading psychological papers today about how they're trying to make anybody who sees any kind of pattern or conspiracy going on as somebody who is mentally ill.

(Ark) Okay, we can respond to this. On a scientific basis.

(L) Even scientists who do that are now mentally ill! The point I'm trying to make is that if the ideas we present on SOTT are part of our religion, they can't attack them. Because they have passed so many laws to protect religions that were designed to protect the Jews that those same laws can be used to protect us.

(Ark) For this we are not at the forefront of the opposition or alternative news.

(A\*\*\*) Actually, thinking about it, I think that PC would lend SOTT a little bit of protection because you could talk more about stuff freely. But SOTT may put PC people in danger because anybody that's a member of PC can be related to "radical views".

(Joe) I kind of had the impression that PC was for people who weren't interested in politics and the whole conspiracy theory things. That it was another avenue for them.

(L) Alright, so maybe I'll write...

(A\*\*\*) We should think about it.

**A:** Wait and see how things go.

**Q:** (Joe) That argument that people who see conspiracies are mentally ill, you can't even back that up. Among the general population, if you cite the recent Iraq war business, it's very clear that those people who a few years ago were anti-Iraq War, now it's out in the public and it's been written in all the newspapers. So people who make that claim, no rational person would accept it.

(Ark) But then there will be new things coming out...

(Joe) You can't take anyone seriously who makes that argument. And I don't think any rational person would take them seriously.

(L) Okay…

(Anart) Is it a specific city that will be a "5D city on a hill"? Can we know?

**A:** Think big!

**Q:** (Joe) A big city?

(P\*\*\*\*\*) Big Apple? New York?

(A\*\*\*) Capital city?

(Allen) Or more than just a city!

(Joe) Well, the US is the City on the Hill. Are we talking cosmic catastrophe here?

**A:** Eventually, yes.

**Q:** (L to Joe) Oh, you just looked too please with that thought! (laughter)

(Joe) No, it's just that I know if I asked any more, I'd get "No dice!"

(Ark) By the way, this is probably not so much relevant, but in the Russian news, there was the new Putin Doctrine. They are NOT going to develop anti-missile systems at all. In response to US anti-missile things, they will develop very fast and strong offensive weapons.

(L) No more defensive...

(Ark) No.

(L) Oh, they're just trying to keep us going. That's part of the play.

(Joe) What about the missile test earlier this month that was allegedly by the Russian navy that was seen over Norway. Was it a missile?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) A normal, run of the mill, standard missile?

**A:** Yes. What was not normal was the atmosphere.

**Q:** (Anart) That's from dust from incoming rocks or debris.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What about the triangular UFO over Moscow, was it real?

(Allen) Fake!

**A:** No

**Q:** (C\*\*) It's the last session of this year!

(A\*\*\*) Should we ask about the weather, or...?

(Anart) Are they eventually going to just shut down international travel?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (A\*\*\*) How soon?

**A:** 8 months possible.

**Q:** (Scottie) I keep telling you we need to get a stone megalith thing so we can teleport!

(L) What about next year? For us, for the group?

**A:** You are on the way! Keep the faith in your abilities and the reality of higher densities and energies relating to both. You will receive dramatic demonstrations of the efficacy of the approach. The playing field is in the process of being leveled. And... Help is on the way!

**Q:** (L) You said that before... years ago! (laughter)

**A:** Build it...

**Q:** (Joe) ...and they will come!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it was up to us to take steps to make it possible for help to come. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I see. So there has to be a matching frequency.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I see.

(Scottie) And we don't have very long to do it.

**A:** There is no "time"!

**Q:** (laughter) (Scottie) Yeah, yeah...

(L) We've heard that, too! (laughter)

(Scottie) 5D city on a hill, 8 months until international travel stops... oh, and there's no time!!

**A:** It will not be total shutdown and it will not be long lasting either.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they'll do it. They'll try it, and something will happen and there'll be a reaction.

(P\*\*\*\*\*) Why they will shut down the airports?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) You thought you were gonna be sneaky and slide that in there! You know better than that. You know they're not gonna make a prediction! (laughter)

[tape stops] (laughter)

(L) Well, I'd say that's it! Goodbye.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

