## September 13, 2009
Laura, Ark, PL, Joe, A\*\*\*, DD, Allen, Keit, C\*\*, Scottie, G\*\*\*

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Pause. Hello.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Soriah of Cassiopaea 6th density transmission.

**Q:** (L) Alright. First of all I guess, is there anything that you have to communicate with us before we begin asking any questions?

**A:** Ask questions to stimulate flow.

**Q:** (L) Alright. First of all, A\*\*\* {a friend doing the breathing/meditation program} is having a really hard time. She's going through some kind of - close to - an emotional breakdown sort of thing. Of course, she is concerned that she's just losing her mind. Other than what I've said to her, is there anything to add information-wise about what she's going through?

**A:** Her experience is similar to yours due to her rigid stubbornness.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so she's rigidly stubborn similar to the way I'm rigidly stubborn. Because of that, she's going to suffer as much in the breakdown as I did. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I see.

**A:** If one crystallizes on the wrong foundation it means much more suffering.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that she crystallized on some foundation, and I did too?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Were they similar foundations?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) But just that it was a crystallization of some sort?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And what caused or what was the nature of this crystallization?

**A:** Necessity for survival of trauma.

**Q:** (L) Well, there are some other people who have suffered certainly much more trauma, or at least equal trauma, who I didn't notice going through any kind of similar really outrageous suffering.

**A:** They didn't crystallize, they split.

**Q:** (L) So one difference is that some people crystallize to survive, and some people split to survive. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And I guess if you split to survive, all you have to do is bring yourself together and merge, and therefore it is somewhat easier than somebody who has crystallized and has to break everything down. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So that's one of the reasons for some of the different experiences among the people in the forum for example. Is that the case?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Maybe people who split, reintegration happens over a longer period of time, where they slowly, slowly, slowly put themselves back together, so the suffering is in little bits at a time. Whereas people who crystallize hold it off until all at once something has to break down... (L) Yeah, people who crystallize resist probably more. I think that was the case with me...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, okay... And there's some people who are having very mild experiences, and there are some people who aren't having much experience at all. What is going on with people who are not having much in the way of experience?

**A:** They are fusing smaller segments a little at a time. Tell them to be patient and persistent. At some point they will see their own progress in retrospect. It is like walking up a gentle mountain slope.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they're the lucky ones!

**A:** Depends on the makeup and potential for strong emotions.

**Q:** (L) Any other questions on that particular topic? Any particular cases that stand out? (Ark) I think I am an example of the lucky ones. (C\*\*) Yeah, me too. (L) You did it gradually. (Keit) Well, back in C\*\*\*\*, I thought I was going crazy as well. Now I'm kind of okay. (A\*\*\*) I had a horrible experience the other night. Joe and I were doing the whole program, and I kind of switched into a vision where I was being tortured. My fingernails were being pulled off, and I started crying couldn't stop. It was pretty traumatic. But that was the first time that something like that happened. (DD) I had a dream the second night after I did the first whole program. I was in a scenario where I was with a person who was a dangerous person. And I was being stalked by police or the army or something. And I was held by the neck by this person, and he had a thing that was about half the size of a hay hook that was made out of a thin wire. And he stuck it into my kidney on the right side, and when he would pull on it, it was like a taser shock. And I screamed myself awake at about 6 o'clock in the morning. It was the strangest dream I've ever had in my entire life. I woke myself up screaming at the top of lungs. Fortunately, that hasn't recurred. (L) What is the nature of some of these really upsetting dreams and experiences that people here and people in the forum are having?

**A:** Memories of lives of pain and suffering that remained unresolved at the end of those lives. We are sorry that some of this is painful, but this method is actually the least traumatic method of any for this purpose. Once the dark dreams are processed out of the system, all will be better. Then there are no more hooks for illusion to attach to.

**Q:** (L) In other words, then people are able to be less controlled by hidden unseen or unknown emotion and more able to... (Keit) Assess reality and reactions to see what is objective...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I have noticed that quite a number of people on the forum seem to be getting smarter. Is that just - they really seem to be getting things, putting things together, and...

**A:** When energy is no longer needed to support illusion it is available for knowledge and awareness.

**Q:** (L) So there's a lot more hope for people than they even suppose. Even more than they suspected?

**A:** Just remember that the slow breathing and the meditation and prayer are the most important components. If things move too fast then cut out the round breathing doing it only occasionally.

**Q:** (L) If things move too fast… (PL) That's exactly what I noticed. In the beginning I was doing round breathing, meditation a lot. And since I had trouble to get to sleep, I was praying one hour or two hours until I went asleep. That's when I got all those very bad dreams about getting stabbed and shot and cut and tortured. It was going too fast. Apparently, the more you do it, the faster the purging of those memories and illusions goes. (L) So, you can gauge your own process by how uncomfortable you are. And if you're uncomfortable, back off the round breathing and just do the meditation. The meditation and the prayer are the gentle, subsurface healing process I think. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Now, Allen acquired some interesting software. (Allen) The choir software. (L) Yes. And we had the idea of making some just regular meditation audios where I could recite the prayer and maybe sing it, or even sing some other songs and he could manipulate them with this software to make it melodic and meditation-worthy type music. So, we were wondering if this was something that was a good idea?

**A:** Oh definitely!!! In fact, that is a superb way for truly cosmic frequencies to be transmitted via your/our voice!!

**Q:** (DD) So long as it's not Patsy Kline tunes! (laughter) (L) But I wanted to channel Patsy Kline!!! (Allen) I was actually wondering if my multiplying your voice several times would actual multiply whatever it was they were putting through your voice that many times?

**A:** Not only that, it will enable us to insert frequency modulation directly between the layers of sound. Why don't you play a sample now?

**Q:** (Allen) Play a sample of the chorus, or of the music I've been working on?

**A:** Our voice!

**Q:** (Allen) How can I play a sample of your voice? I've got some music that I've been working on, but it doesn't have any choral stuff in it yet? Is that the music that you're talking about, or is there something that I'm missing?

**A:** What did you record today?

**Q:** (Allen) Ah! So, any particular song?

**A:** U pick!

**Q:** (Allen) Okay. So right now, all I have is me playing guitar, and Laura singing with a little reverb sweetening it. Would that do?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I had the idea to take ordinary songs and sing them and then for Allen to take say one ordinary song that was like a familiar melody to people, and then stretch it out to an hour CD. A song that would take 4 or 5 minutes to sing, make it stretched to one hour. And then put a musical track in the background that's more in time. So anyhow, is this a good idea?

**A:** Very! Try it!

**Q:** (L) Well, that wasn't very informative. I could have answered that, Jesus. (DD) Hang up on them! (laughter) (Keit) So which song would you choose? (L) Well, just a whole bunch of them.

[Pause while Allen tries to burn music to disc. Everyone then ends up listening to music in the office.]

**Q:** (Keit) On an emotional level, Amazing Grace had the most effect on me. (Allen) We can have you sing solo and then a choir of us come in and back you up. That's a thought.

**A:** Many possibilities, eh? Notice the "effect?"

**Q:** (Joe) Music to soothe the savage the beast!

**A:** Music to communicate to the soul.

**Q:** (L) Well, I really don't understand.

**A:** There are frequencies in your/our voice that are inaudible to the physical ear but affect the spirit.

**Q:** (Joe) True. (Scott) I wonder if that's why there are certain bands where the people totally can't sing, but everyone thinks they're great - I mean, above and beyond marketing and all that kind of stuff?

**A:** Yes! And some of them activate "interesting" frequencies!

**Q:** (L) When you say "interesting", what does that mean?

**A:** Shall we say that it is planned and deliberate for nefarious purposes.

**Q:** (Joe) What music were you thinking about, Scottie? (Scottie) I was just thinking after our talk the other day about objectively and subjectively good music and everything. I was thinking about some of the popular music, like pretty much everything... Like my workout music, grunge music, electric guitar music, rap music - all these different types of popular music. And some of it is actually done by somebody who can't even sing at all and people just absolutely love it. So there are all these different genres where some bands become popular, whereas you can go to a bar and here's somebody singing a song and they're ten times better, but... (L) But they're not famous. (Scottie) So why do these people who have absolutely no talent become famous, beyond the fact that they were "discovered", or advertising, etc...

**A:** Laurel Canyon anyone?

**Q:** (laughter) (Keit) We were just talking about it today! (Joe) Yeah, they were all picked. (C\*\*) So would Laura's voice be kind of what Gurdjieff called "objective music"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) I've got a great name for your album: Laura Canyon! (laughter) (L) I think I'll pass on that one. Unless you want to put an echo in so it sounds like I'm singing across the canyon. (PL) So, those bands in Laurel Canyon, those singers like the Mamas and the Papas, those bands that were obviously sponsored, because, through their music, they could put a kind of spell on some listeners, manipulate them, generate some negative emotions...?

**A:** "Spellbinders."

**Q:** (Keit) Maybe you can ask about movies? (L) What about movies? (Keit) We were talking about Laurel Canyon in relation to movies, and we see this same effect. (L) Did Laurel Canyon do movies? (Keit) Because it has that lab. (Allen) Oh, it has that CIA lab at the top of Laurel Canyon. (DD) Which is the spook lab. The spook's cinema lab. (Allen) It's all part of that same thing. (PL) They did some horror movies.

**A:** Yes. All part of the same programs.

**Q:** (PL) Does it generate just general negative emotions in listeners, or is it more specific nefarious purposes?

**A:** More specific...

**Q:** (Joe) Dissociation. (PL) To trigger some kind of programmed murderers or stuff like that?

**A:** In some cases. Like an audible "Catcher in the Rye."

**Q:** (C\*\*) What's Catcher in the Rye? (Allen) Catcher in the Rye was the book that the guy who shot John Lennon had in his hands when he shot him. (L) Yeah? (Joe) Sirhan Sirhan. (L) And also the guy that shot John Lennon. (DD) It's supposedly a kind of MKULTRA trigger thing.

**A:** Many triggers for many programs. Now you have the means to cancel much of this.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean "means to cancel much of this"? (PL) Counter-music. A counter-signal. (L) You mean it's gonna be the Battle of the Bands?! (laughter)

**A:** You got it! On a cosmic level too!

**Q:** (L) I think it's strange. (PL) One of the triggers is for murderers. But they say it's one of the specific nefarious purposes. Are there examples of other specific nefarious purposes? Can they trigger suicide in people?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) General association among young people, ya know what I mean? Turn their brains into... (Keit) Like psychopathy, and violent... (Allen) I don't think it has to be that serious. It's part of the frequency fence, the music...

**A:** Frequency fence! [spelling at the same time Allen is speaking)

**Q:** (L) So you read their minds, Allen. (PL) But this music is available all over the world. (L) Yes. And our music is not. We haven't even made it! (laughter)

**A:** Time is awastin! And how are the videos going???!

**Q:** (laughter) (A\*\*\*) The dog ate them. (laughter) (L) The dog ate my homework!

**A:** No dice!

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't know what to say!

**A:** Where is your faith in your abilities to rise to the occasion?

**Q:** (L) [Groans!] (Scottie) Ya know what would be awesome? Offer a CD, and then use the evil iTunes to distribute the music. (Allen) Absolutely. (Scottie) I mean, we could give it for free, too. (Joe) I think you should just start talking, ya know? And do as many tapes as you need. Just start somewhere. (A\*\*\*) We could always pick a topic and we could throw questions at you. (Allen) Maybe you should just start with saying "In the beginning..." and see where it leads?

**A:** Try it!

**Q:** (L) Oooh! I don't want to do that!! (Keit) Why not? (L) I look horrible on video! (Chorus) You do NOT!! (Keit) But we'll make you pretty! (PL) You already did it! (A\*\*\*) You looked beautiful! (Allen) Got a special filter that will make you look like who you want to look like. (Ark) It's fixed. (L) What's fixed? (Ark) This future is fixed. [singing] You can do it! You will do it! (L) I don't want to talk to you guys any more. (Ark) You don't want kisses? (Joe) Laura? (Allen) You never saw the last video we shot!

**A:** Just do it! Release the last one to see response!

**Q:** (Allen) We filmed one that she hasn't even seen. (DD) Well, let's see it! (Allen) And that's the one we talked about that we'd just put up for free... (A\*\*\*) She's never happy with them, though. (Keit) Let others decide. (Joe) We're the viewing public. (Keit) And people will be really happy! (L) I feel like a dog and pony show. (Joe) There'll be no dogs and ponies. (Allen) Well, dogs... (Ark) Don't be selfish, honey. (L) Selfish?! (Ark) Yes! Not letting other people have what you have? You have something to communicate, and this is the best way to communicate. (L) I'm tired all of a sudden. (Joe) Do you wanna change the topic? (L) You have another topic? (Joe) There's that question that you wanted to ask for the people on the forum about soul smashing? (L) Oh, the soul smashing! Can you frame a question around it? Or you, you're the expert on that topic Keit. Make a question. (Keit) Well, basically is what I said was close...?

**A:** Pretty darn accurate. An example of "getting smarter!"

**Q:** (Joe) Does that mean Keit?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What was your theory? (L) She was talking about Illion's Darkness over Tibet and the descending spiral and that it's a choice and you have to...

**A:** We couldn't have explained it any better!

**Q:** (Scottie) Did you write about this on the forum? (Keit) Yeah. (Scottie) How did I miss that?? (A\*\*\*) Yeah. (Keit) I have some more to say about this. (Joe) So that was about trying to smash all these souls back into primal matter, was that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Allen) Could you just explain it, because I didn't read it. (Keit) What I said is that... I brought this in quotes and quoted from Darkness Over Tibet. The author mentions that there are two possibilities in development: upward and downward. And there is a possibility of losing one's soul, but it should be a conscious decision, it's a choice. And it can't be taken by force. (L) But they can make you choose by wearing you out. (Keit) Exactly, and I gave my personal example where I felt that traumatic experiences in our lives kind of manipulates us into choosing the downward development. And we basically choose something that is against our own level of being. And it's so traumatic for the soul, that it twists the soul and puts it in a downward position. The eventual outcome of this event is basically smashing the soul, even if the final smashing event is relative small. And that's why there is so much suffering and pathology in the world, where they force and manipulate souls into choosing. (L) Against their own nature. (PL) And Illion said that the worse thing for a human being is the sin against their own soul. (Keit) And sinning against the soul is going against your own level or nature of being. So, like narcissistic tendencies and everything, that's why for our own sake we need to clean ourselves. (DD) Is this why they've injected so many drugs into the culture to just weaken people?

**A:** Yes and remember also transmarginal inhibition principles.

**Q:** (L) One of those principles is that even strong dogs that could not be broken in ordinary ways, if they subjected them to physical trauma like surgery, or illness, or something like that, that that would weaken them to the point where they could be turned. So torture is also part of this process.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And we live now in a culture of torture which is basically a soul-smashing culture.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So there are souls that are being twisted and deformed to the point where they will... I mean, a lot of these people think that they will be going to heaven because they're imposing their god's will on other people, and they think that whatever they have to do to bring in the rule of their distorted version of Jesus Christ on Earth or whatever - ya know, these fundies - that basically they themselves are putting themselves in the position of being soul smashed because they are completely going against not only the teachings of Christ, but also against their own natures. I think many of them really mean well, but they have been so gradually and so incrementally twisted by pathological individuals in positions of power and in high positions in churches, and pathological individuals that create doctrines and theologies that are twisted, that they are essentially agreeing to the sale of their own souls to the devil. (Joe) I wonder if it extends to people who aren't directly involved in it, but are just ordinary members of the population whose minds are so twisted that in their own minds they sanction it or they agree with it. Even when they're faced with the facts, they're not being lied to so much, but they realize the whole thing about torture and the CIA and torture camps...

**A:** Silence in the face of "evil" is equal to participation unless there is a good reason for the silence that serves a higher goal.

**Q:** (Joe) That's really interesting because it kind of explains the whole debate over torture, and how they've been trying to get people to accept torture. And more and more facts coming out about the reality of the CIA having tortured and trying to twist that around to get people to accept that as something that is conscionable.

**A:** Acceptance of torture is the "mark of the beast."

**Q:** (DD) That's why there's the popularity of television shows like "24". (Joe) Conditioning people. (DD) It's wildly popular. (Joe) I mean, you get all these people who are faced with the real life torture of another human being, and they actually cheer it on. And if that's the same as participation, then these people are all being put on that downward spiral.

**A:** Remember the "lake of fire" in the Book of Revelation? Remember that those who live by the sword will die by the sword?

**Q:** (Keit) What's "lake of fire"? (Allen) In Revelation where all those who didn't accept Christ would be thrown in... (Joe) Hell, basically.

**A:** Soul smashing.

**Q:** (L) Creepy. (Allen) I'm thinking about all those people who don't necessarily think torture is okay, but they still... like they abhor torture but they're still kind of accepting it because it's necessary, or maybe they just try to not think about it at all. (Joe) Well, people who think it's necessary... (L) They're already lost. They've already bought it. I mean, the scientific evidence is that if you need information or whatever, if there's some justifiable reason, that is NOT the way to get it. The records of the inquisition which are extensive - I mean, tens of thousands of people were tortured and confessed to the most outrageous lies just to get it over with. Just get it over with and let me die! I'll tell you anything you want me to say! And they confessed to flying on broomsticks, to mating with devils, to dancing naked in the moonlight, to kissing each other's backsides... I mean, you name it, and they confessed to it just to get it to stop. And it was ALL horse-hockey! (Allen) And I'm sorry, even if scientific evidence doesn't show that, even if we said, "Oh yeah, torture actually works for getting information," you're still torturing human beings! It's still abhorrent. It's like, how can you do that?! (Keit) The thought I had is that pathology, what is done to children of narcissistic families, it's like torture. (L) It IS torture! (Keit) And what happens is kind of like it poisons them and basically allows them to accept the torture environment. Because they already experienced it, they were like touched by evil. (L) Torturing another human being to force them to say or do something that is against their principles is wrong no matter what your perspective. They are, each individual, entitled to their principles, to their ideas, to their politics whatever. And if you want to change that, or if you think that there is something about their point of view that is threatening to you, then the way to change that is by discourse, by education, by sharing information and data. NOT by trying to force them to go against what is rightfully theirs, at the soul level, by torture! To try to force somebody like that is basically a kind of soul killing of its own. Jesus even said in the New Testament that whoever is a stumbling block to the least of these, it would be better for him that he had never been born. And when he said, "never been born", that's almost like a way of saying his soul is going to be smashed. It's just really astonishing. (DD) What happens to a soul after it is smashed?

**A:** Primal matter. Start the cycle over. Millions or billions of years acquiring consciousness.

**Q:** (DD) So you start out as like a hydrogen atom or something. (Joe) You become a rock. (PL) Is there a link between a "smashing year" that was announced by the Cs early this year? It was mentioned, and now we're talking about soul smashing... (L) Well, it's kind of interesting because this insight that I had about soul-smashing, when I woke up that particular morning is that that is what they are trying to do: they actually think that they can smash souls and turn them into primal matter. And it was such a shocking thought to me, and just now I'm realizing that this insight came through in the year they called a "smashing year". This insight kind of came smashing through into my consciousness - to even think of that; that's almost unthinkable. (PL) If they smash the soul of human beings, then aren't they losing because we are their cattle? So it's more like that... (Joe) The whole thing starts again...

**A:** It isn't going to happen to all.

**Q:** (Keit) Oh, that's what I wanted to ask: Is it going to happen on an individual level, or to everyone? (L) Yeah, so it would be individual.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, half an hour ago I said I was tired and we wanted to quit. Are we done with all the asking questions now? (Allen) Yeah, you've got to get your beauty sleep so we can video tape tomorrow! (DD) Your homework's due! (Keit) Oh no, we already have a video, so let's prepare this! (L) The dog ate my homework!! (A\*\*\*) That buys you a little time. (L) Alright then. I think that's it for this evening. Is there anything we need to know that we didn't ask about?

**A:** Next week! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

(Allen) Alright, so that whole idea of a whole bunch of souls who are on an upward path getting smashed into primal matter kind of freaked me out. Obviously, I misunderstood.

(Joe) Well, that's what 3D is all about. It's kind of like about choosing...

(Keit) Some of them can be even 4D souls that came here with a mission and basically took a wrong turn because they were manipulated.

(Joe) Or 5D...

(DD) That allowed themselves to be manipulated.

(Allen) I've been thinking of all those people in the US. And the thought I kept getting was the reason they give in is because they can't see anything else. They can't see that there is any hope to ever not be smashed into primal matter. And they could burst this frequency fence just with hope. It's like the guy in the movie who is at the end of his rope, ragged, torn apart to shreds, and he hasn't made it to his goal yet. And then that one thing happens to give him a little bit of hope, to make him realize, "There it is!" And then suddenly he can do it.

(Keit) So this is what we have to do, find what is of hope. Continue being the lighthouse. Because if you live in a hopeless environment, you either give up and kill yourself, or you give up in the sense that you kill your own soul. What's the only way you can live in a soulless environment? Lose your soul.

(C\*\*) I think they were saying that the music or Laura's voice can like give them strength or counter the negative frequencies that take away hope.

(L) The illusion is that there is no hope. And once you get rid of the illusion that there is no hope, and you can begin to see what you really can do, then... Maybe listening to singing, or doing meditation... [bottle falls over]

(Ark) It's a confirmation!

(L) Maybe that's just like if you're on a long journey and somebody has gotten so exhausted that they can't keep going. And somebody else says, "Here, lean on me, and I'll help you walk until you've rested a little bit. And then you can continue on your own." So, you do that.

(Allen) I keep thinking of this frequency fence, and what's it fencing out? It's fencing out the idea that they could even hear... I think most of us have probably had that experience where we kind of have some communication of channeling ourselves in the future - getting those ideas, those things. I had things that seemed like that when I was a kid. And they basically put a bubble where it's like, "No, you can't have any of that!" And these recordings could be a way to send these people the frequencies they're missing that will bring their souls back to life. This way, we can put it on a disc and get it through the fence. Ya know, "I listened to this, I feel better, I feel like myself again."

(C\*\*) But then that's like Pepin and his programs...

(L) Yeah, people who listen to Pepin's stuff get the same thing.

(Allen) But do they actually FEEL better?

(L) They claim they do!

(C\*\*) They dissociate.

(Allen) The difference between a real honest to god "WOW! That was great!" and a "I just took a drug and I kind of felt good for awhile, and then I felt crappy again."

(L) The only thing we have that Pepin doesn't have is the C's. And the C's have a track record.

(C\*\*) And we have your research and data. He doesn't have any data. If you put your CD and Pepin's CD side by side, the average person won't tell the difference except at a deeper level.

(L) It's like on the forum where people are getting smarter. What's actually happening is that they're being able to see more objectively and to make connections.

