## August 5, 2009
So, that is why this session was not on Monday but was, instead, on Wednesday. We will be reverting to our policy of not announcing sessions in advance, but will publish them as soon as they are transcribed.

This is also a short one because I was not quite recovered...

Session Date: August 5th 2009

Laura, Ark, DD, Joe, A\*\*\*, PL, Allen, C\*\*, Scottie, G\*\*\*

**Q:** (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello 3D people!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Riahonoiaea

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Hello. Go ahead.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know if you have any comments to make on the progress of our breathing and meditation program for the readers of our forum and perhaps other people who are practicing it about whom we know nothing?

**A:** It is already having effects in other realms.

**Q:** (L) What other realms?

**A:** 4, 5, 6D.

**Q:** (L) In what respect?

**A:** Humans should remember the hermetic maxim can go both ways in some respects. Those who are destined to "meet" themselves in the future can now do so with greater facility due to these efforts. We once said that "you in the future" could "rewrite" cosmic programs... that goes for others too. They are now learning the programming language.

**Q:** (L) A number of people on the forum have talked about the zoning out thing, the, ya know... while still awake seemingly, losing all awareness of self and just kind of zoning out. What is this phenomenon?

**A:** See previous answer and think of it as spending "time" with the higher self/teacher instead of wasting the ability to dissociate on futile illusions. Also remember that "time" spent in this process utilizes this "soul ability" as it was originally intended. It taxes the soul greatly to be embodied.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So what should we do next? I mean, we haven't yet been able to take the time and effort and whatever to put dances together and I dunno if, ya know...

**A:** Wait for the dances. There are going to be some breakthroughs among the practitioners within the next two months. Then will be time enough to think about dancing.

**Q:** (L) What about this other dance that we found, these four guys doing this very slow, very unusual crane-looking dance?

**A:** That is as close as it comes!!!

**Q:** (L) Well, what is this dance used for?

**A:** Wait... you will know soon.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, is there anything else people could or should be doing?

**A:** The next phase will be rebuilding soul communities. Wait.  Message to all:  Do not give up! Patience pays! It took millennia for the blocks to be created and put in place. You can break them in a matter of months! Do it!

**Q:** (L) So, you're just saying that people should focus right now on doing the exercises and just be patient? Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I had suggested to everyone that they should do it together - I mean, the whole program on Mondays and Thursdays. And then the other parts of the program as needed, especially the meditation every day if possible. Is that the best way to break it into daily practice and then weekly intensive practice?

**A:** Yes. And doing it on the same day leads to community building! But, you should be doing the program on the same day also rather than "chatting" with us. That is a separate thing.

**Q:** (L) Is that why I felt so tired and exhausted on Monday night that I just couldn't do it? I mean, was it something that made me know that that was separate?

**A:** Not exactly. You are, as always, the object of concerted attack. Best to ask your group to be awake and paying attention to reality during the sessions.

**Q:** (L) So, when everybody was doing their meditation and breathing, I was effectively deprived of protection. Is that kind of it? Unless of course I was involved with them in the same activity...

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) Very interesting. Is this attack what's been causing my inflammation for the past few days, which has flared up in spite of the fact that I'm being very good with what I'm eating. I mean, absolutely nothing that's evil, and...

**A:** Partly, but also as you suspect, increased detoxing.

**Q:** (L) So I'm getting symptoms from detoxing.

**A:** Keep flushing.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Was that a little bit of a pun?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Or play on words, or... I see. (A\*\*\*) There are no secrets, Mom! (L) Okay, so basically, we're kind of on the right track, but we've got a little bit of a course correction here to make and it sounds like what's happening with the folks on the forum is what's supposed to be happening. It's good for them. It's gonna cause them to meet themselves in the future or thereabouts, or so on and so forth...

**A:** And also healing!

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, anybody got any questions about that? Okay, so since everyone is supposed to be carrying on with their program, I guess we can look at some of these questions that have been presented by forum members. How about that? Okay, we've got this first question on this printout here: If Nostratic is a valid linguistic unit, does it essentially represent the original language of the Kantekkians? Well, I guess we ought to break that down and ask it: Is Nostratic a valid linguistic unit?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, does it essentially represent the original language of the Kantekkians?

**A:** Half.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by "half"?

**A:** Half belongs to earth. There was blending at a very early stage.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So the next question is: The putative Nostratic speakers in East Asia include the Asians that I think were the original shamans which I've discussed in Secret History and elsewhere, Altaic speakers in particular. So if this is the case, and if Nostratic as a linguistic group can be correlated with an original population from Kantek, does that mean that both the early shamans of East Asia and the circle-people of Europe (with the pyramid people further south) have their origins on Kantek?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And does the difference in phenotype between the two groups indicate admixture of the East Asian Kantekkians with a more native group that was already on Earth?

**A:** Yes. And notice the ongoing dispute over the "out of Africa" versus the "out of Asia" groups. It is an improper assumption. Out of Kantek vs out of Earth is a better formulation.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next question: Who built the Hypogeum in Malta?

**A:** Ancient "circle people".

**Q:** (L) And for what purpose?

**A:** Rebirth, healing, manifestation. See answers previously given about Chaco Canyon.

**Q:** (L) Is the story about twelve missing children true, and if so, what happened to them?

**A:** Only partly. Did not happen there.

**Q:** (L) To what kind of humanoid creatures do the dolicephalic skulls found in various sites in Malta belong to?

**A:** "Drones."

**Q:** (L) Is Valletta Illuminati "Central"?

**A:** Not even close.

**Q:** (L) What are the exact origins of Maltese people? Their language seems to be closely related to today's Lebanese. Is the Phoenician origin theory viable?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) So where did the South Slavs really come from?

**A:** Caucasus area.

**Q:** (L) Are the pyramids in Bosnia just fiction, or are there indeed built structures under those pyramidal hills in Bosnia?

**A:** Yes there are pyramidal structures.

**Q:** (L) What was the source of the Talking With Angels channeling?

**A:** 4D STS and STO mix.

**Q:** (L) Did the events recounted in that book really happen?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is Clif High at halfpasthuman.com onto something or not?

**A:** Definitely!

**Q:** (L) When did "name" die (where "name" is replaced with those provided in the list in the background section)? (laughter) They want to know when did Jim Morrison die, Brian Jones, Jimi Hendrix, Kurt Cobain, Natalie Wood, Elvis Presley, John Lennon...

**A:** Oh puhleeze! Does the person or persons asking these questions not have a few firing neurons to do research and draw conclusions themselves? These questions are so trivial that it actually makes our nonexistent jaws drop.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Are the EFT techniques a valid method?

**A:** EFT is merely a keep busy activity designed to hold focus. It is the attention that "works". It would be counter to the purposes of the program you have presented.

**Q:** (L) Alright. The next one is a long series of questions, so I think we're going to save that for the next session since it's pretty late and I'm tired. I just wanted to do our obligatory session before we went too long. So, if anybody has a quickie, speak up now or hold your peace a week. … Alright, so then good night.

**A:** Good bye.

END OF SESSION

