## December 12, 2010
Present: Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Atreides, REL(AKA Galatea), Perceval, Mr. Scott, Psyche, Burma Jones, Ailén, PoB, Belibaste

**Q:** (L) Hello?

**A:** Hello!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Porsolia

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through?

**A:** Cassiopaea. Moving to Leo soon.

**Q:** (L) Is the moving to Leo a signifier of some other potential event that would be noticed by us here on Earth?

**A:** Yes. Possible Supernova. Will stupendously improve reception of our messages.

**Q:** (L) Why is that? Cosmic waves?

**A:** Will affect your DNA as well as the DNA of those that are ready.

**Q:** (L) We're assuming that this is a positive affect?

**A:** Yes! Refer to transcripts.

**Q:** (L) We have all been pretty sick recently, including Ailén and Atreides who are going through something. What we would like to know is: what is the cause of this sickness and is theirs related, or something different?

**A:** Related to similar cause.

**Q:** (L) And what is that cause?

**A:** Amplification of infective agent brought courtesy of Paleofest attendee.

**Q:** (L) When you say it was brought by an attendee; was it just a normal flu or was it given to them for the specific purpose of bringing it to us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And where did that person get the bug?

**A:** In public place.

**Q:** (L) I guess it would not be cheating to ask who it was?

**A:** Among earliest arrivals and the one who became sick first.

(discussion about who it could be)

**Q:** (REL) What would they gain by making us sick?

**A:** That should be obvious: hoping for a "hit".

**Q:** (REL) So, it was a pretty powerful bug if they were hoping for a hit. That means that we actually are stronger than we used to be.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** $1 So, what can we do to get better? Are we doing enough?

**A:** On the right track. Protect the liver.

**Q:** (L) Our next question is about Julian Assange and Wikileaks. Is Wikileaks what it presents itself to be? A grassroots, document leaking organization formed by a bunch of activist hackers and so forth?

**A:** It was briefly.

**Q:** (L) You say it was briefly; that means it was probably co-opted fairly early on. So, can you tell us if Julian Assange is an agent?

**A:** This is a question that you have already answered.

**Q:** (L) What I mean is, is he consciously an agent?

**A:** To some extent, yes. But remember programming of both the human and 4D varieties.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is it true that he had that meeting with the Israelis to agree that he would not release damaging documents about them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what is the objective of this Sideshow?

**A:** You guessed it this afternoon; preparation to accept global control. Or so it is planned.

**Q:** (L) I guess that means it may or may not turn out the way they expect?

**A:** It will get close. But remember the "X" factor.

**Q:** (L) What is the X factor?

**A:** Earth changes.

**Q:** (L) Well, I wanted to ask some questions about Earth Changes. I've got this book here "Planet X, Comets and Earth Changes by James McCanney. He's on about what he calls the "Plasma Discharge Comet Theory" which is that comets are basically asteroid type bodies that enter the Solar system, the Solar System being a capacitor, and when they enter the solar system, they discharge the capacitor and that's what causes the comet effects: the glow, the illumination, the tail and so on. He says that basically comets are just planets in formation, that there are really big ones that have accumulated a lot of mass or have a lot of mass. You know, they go through the Solar System and keep attracting more and more stuff, and more and more stuff and eventually precipitate into orbit and become planets. He basically said that that's how the planets of the Solar System got here with the exception of Jupiter and Saturn. They kind of formed at the same time as the sun. All the other planets were acquired. Is he on to something with this? Is this anywhere near accurate?

**A:** He is on the right the track; but there are other phenomena that are not explained in his model.

**Q:** And what other phenomena might that be?

**A:** Clube is correct to some extent about the breakup of a giant comet. One theory does not exclude the other.

**Q:** (L) Ok, now I've got this other book here "Lost Star of Myth and Time" – and his theory is about a companion star and the fact that the earth or the solar system is rotating around a common center of gravity, in tandem with this companion star. It is said that it is this orbit that creates the precession of the zodiac. He says that the precession is not a big wobble that the earth goes through, as it proceeds in a fairly direct course through the galaxy, but rather that it is this rotation around this common center of gravity with the companion star that produces the effect of precession. Now, is he on to something with his theory also about the precession of the zodiac?

**A:** Absolutely!

**Q:** (L) OK, He points out some interesting effects in here. First of all, he mentioned recording the speed of the Earth's rotation. They had a fixed telescope with crosshairs and they had a clock that was connected to some kind of super time clock that was extreme accurate, and they were recording exactly how long it took the Earth to rotate in respect of Sirius, Sirius being a fixed point. These researchers discovered that during the period of time, when Sirius B (Sirius's companion, which is a dwarf), eclipsed Sirius A; it actually slowed the rotation of the Earth. Now, this is what their measurements showed. Something like 50 arc seconds. The slowing began a week before the eclipse, then after the eclipse the Earth actually sped up. By 50 arc seconds. So, there are two weeks of effects on the rotation of the Earth, caused by the eclipsing of Sirius A caused by its companion Sirius B as I remember, though I may have missed the exact time period. Now, the conclusion that he drew from this is that we are affected by being gravitationally connected to Sirius somehow. Anyhow, the conclusion that he draws is…- and he also points out that it seems that Sirius is heading in our direction; we are getting closer to Sirius - so, he theorizes that Sirius is our companion star. Is he correct about that?

**A:** Not Sol's companion; but look in that direction for clues to your own little brother.

**Q:** (L) Is it true as he speculates that when the Solar System approaches this companion of ours, that it will have a psychic effect?

**A:** Yes. You are already feeling its approach.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's one thing that this guy James Mccanney said. He said that this last solar cycle – the maximum - was so long, so intense that it was evidence that something really big, had entered the solar capacitor. It was discharging the sun. And, if that's the case, there's probably a current flow and that means that it's possible that at some point the Earth and maybe the moon and several other astronomical bodies, will line up along the line of this flow that's going on between the Sun and its companion. And if that's the case, could that be a little problematical?

**A:** Oh indeed! Yes, it is happening already. Do you not see the evidence all around the globe?

**Q:** (L) Well, on that point, McCanney says that when the Earth gets into this kind of situation where there's a discharge thing going on, between the sun and another body and the earth gets involved in it, that the earth itself becomes comet like during that time and it begins also to attract what he calls pollution events. It starts picking up all kinds of dust and stuff from outer space – and even the water volume on the planet gets increased because of this precipitating, because the planet's picking stuff up from space. It's growing from accumulating stuff, from acquiring stuff. And if that's the case, we could be attracting dust loading in the upper atmosphere-regardless of whether or not we pass through cometary dust clouds. All these things that we've been noticing going on in the upper atmosphere – strange clouds, long-lasting contrails, extreme cooling - could be exactly as he described. There could also be atmospheric effects of these electric sheets, because he says that there are different kinds of ways of currents and layers of currents. He's got like a five layer model of how the electromagnetic field of the planet goes, and he says that it's the cause of El Niño, it's the cause of Earthquakes, volcanoes , storms, changing of the Jet Stream, and just a whole host of things: it's all electrical phenomena. He says that the electricity from the sun creates and drives hurricanes and that it is not the temperature of the water. Because he said that if it had to do with the temperatures of the water, one hurricane comes along, sucks all the heat out – then it would be impossible for another hurricane to form for a period of time. And yet you see very often, hurricane after hurricane. So, is he on to something with this theory?

**A:** Oh you bet!

**Q:** (Ark) Is the axis of the Solar System Wobbling?

**A:** Not enough to make a difference. But the Galaxy is!

(Discussion about the Galaxy and Solar System)

**Q:** (Ark) That means that the companion star is in the ecliptic plane?

**A:** Yes. Part of the capacitor.

**Q:** (Ark) There are two theories of gravity mainly, one which is based on flat normal, space, time with perfect geometry. And gravity is thought of as a kind of field, which is in the background of this idea of space. This theory is not the mainstream theory. It's a theory for strange people who are against Einstein. There is Einstein's theory that there is no such thing as a nice background that gravity should be thought as not disturbing something… We don't know what it is, really. But, this Einstein theory cannot be explained by such things as inertia. So, now my question is: Which is the better approach? That of one of the opposers of Einstein? Or one of the followers of Einstein?

**A:** Einstein was wrong… More than once.

**Q:** (Ark) Long ago, years ago, we were talking here about magnetic monopoles, and there was kind of a confirmation that they exist, but we didn't go further into the subject. Now, there are three theories about magnetic monopoles concerning their speed. First: they are slower than light. Second: they have the speed of light. Third: they are faster than light. Which is true?

**A:** 3.

**Q:** (REL) I would like to know what that metallic crash Andromeda, Burma Jones and I heard in the vitamin room?

(Discussion about metallic crash)

**A:** Thin veil. The crash was elsewhere and bled through. Expect more such phenomena.

**Q:** (REL) What caused it and why did we all hear it?

**A:** Combined energies enhanced senses.

**Q:** (L) I've been thinking that it might soon be time for us to cease all of our extreme activities, and just run the forum in a careful way. It doesn't seem that anything is going to change anything very much. Is that useful thought to follow?

**A:** Not yet, but yes eventually. It will be time to devote yourselves to helping those who have made the choice to be ready for the changes.

**Q:** (L) OK, we're gonna say goodnight!

**A:** Kissy. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

