## February 22, 2010
Laura, Ark, Andromeda, Perceval, Burma Jones, Belibaste, PoB, Bubbles, Ailén, Mr. Scott, Psyche

**Q:** (L) Today is February 22, 2010. We're two years away from 2012. Whoa!

**A:** Not to worry

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us?

**A:** Kileia of Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) What are we not to worry about?

**A:** 2012. Much ado!

**Q:** (L) Alright. Anything further on that topic?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Okay. I guess what's uppermost on everybody's mind is the events of the past week with the visit of Bob and Sue and the baby. I dunno. Does anyone have a framed question about it?

(Andromeda) Is the baby autistic?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) What we were wondering is, is Sue an agent or is she just aggressive unconsciously? [ash bin hatch on wood stove falls and makes a loud banging noise] [nervous laughter]

(Perceval) That's your answer!

**A:** Sue is not a conscious agent, but is hostess to the tools of the "trade".

**Q:** (L) What do you mean by, "tools of the trade"?

**A:** Energies that vector as well as transmit and receive.

**Q:** (L) Is this like a physical implant?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was she planted in Bob's life just to come and spy on us?

**A:** Not so much you as Bob.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Because of his work with {gov agency}?

**A:** And more.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Also, he said that some of his bosses, or people he has worked for, are people who are implicated in Climategate. Does it have something to do with his meteorological work?

**A:** He travels in interesting circles.

**Q:** (Psyche) Does it have to do with his contact with people like this son of the head of {big news organization} that they stayed with in Paris?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Okay, so he's not just a little quiet scientist...

**A:** He is, but recall Pat Z\*\*\*\*. {Referred to in other sessions from 1995}

**Q:** (L) Pat Z\*\*\*. She was just in the secretarial pool at Fort Detrick, married to one of their researchers – a physicist, Victor Z\*\*\* who also did some pattern recognition work for the Mars probe - and the C's said that she had an implant that they used to watch her bosses and her husband and his bosses through him via her.

(Perceval) An implant by who?

(L) Who, Pat Z\*\*\*?

(Perceval) Yeah.

(L) I dunno if we ever asked if hers was military, or if it was like Alien.

**A:** At some levels they are the same.

**Q:** (L) So are you suggesting that Bob also has an implant to watch the people around him, or is it that she learns about them through him, like at a remove?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So why didn't they just put an implant in him?

**A:** Strong willed.

**Q:** (L) But obviously, being strong willed doesn't mean that you can't be gotten to through your emotions. Oh, yeah. That's why Sue...

**A:** Exactly. It should be a lesson to many; it is also a tale as old as time.

**Q:** (L) It boggles the mind that Bob thought he could find a wife through an online dating service and NOT take that risk! Okay, I had this dream about a plane crashing and burning the second night they were here. Was my dream related in any way to Sue, or was it related to the plane crash that then actually did happen {that very day} where the guy flew into the IRS building?

**A:** Why not both? The same signaling method can produce multiple responses.

**Q:** (L) So Sue' behavior was influenced by signals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, ya know, that's a really bad situation because if a person is basically kind of innocent, and say they've been implanted for some nefarious purpose, and then they fall in love with someone, and there is a lot of emotional involvement all around, it's like that person has been innocently duped and used. It's really more of a tragedy than any fault of their own that they're being used as an unwitting agent.

**A:** How come Sue "fell for" Bob?

**Q:** (L) Well, I dunno. How come?

**A:** Programming, not real emotion.

**Q:** (Perceval) Are we to assume that Sue was placed in Bob's life to monitor him because of his association with us?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If he'd just been a good boy that had been following the program and minding his P's and Q's, then...

(Perceval) So they're concerned that because he moves in interesting circles, his association with us would be a danger. If he wasn't associated with us, he wouldn't be a danger to them?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Ya know what's really a bummer about this? We didn't get any of this information. We don't know what circles he moves in. Obviously, if they see him as a threat, there might have been something he could have...

(L) There might have been beneficial interaction between him and the group, our work, that sort of thing. (Perceval) But he was never really forthcoming about any of it.

**A:** Bob has his own real emotional issues.

**Q:** (L) Such as?

**A:** The usual: wounds of the soul.

**Q:** (L) You say "wounds of the soul". Does that suggest past life, or present life?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** $1 What about Sue? Is there anybody home?

(Bubbles) Can she be helped?

**A:** The essence is there, but terribly stunted and deformed. The false personality is a strong one.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Has she been messed with all of her life, like since she was young?

**A:** Since before her father died.

**Q:** $1 Geez...

(Bubbles) Can she be fixed?

**A:** That would be up to her, but not extremely likely.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Let's go back to the baby. Now, the question was already asked: "Is he autistic?" I think I would have asked the question differently. I would have asked, "Is something wrong with him?" You answered already the question, "Is he autistic?" with "Yes". Is this autism that he is exhibiting, is it genetic or just chemical?

**A:** Both in this case.

**Q:** (L) Is it severe?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (L) In other words, at this point, it could be ameliorated. Is that it?

**A:** Yes. But Sue has so much to do with her own issues it is not likely that she can do what is necessary.

**Q:** (L) Bubbles had a dream.

(Bubbles) Oh yeah. What was that thing – like a demon – that appeared and I was talking to it and it said it lived in "Never-never land" and was "sustained by children?" That it got its sustenance from children?

**A:** That was the way your mind expressed the psychic perception of the energies surrounding Sue due to her special status.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Oh. So, did they bring anything with them when they came?

(L) I think they're saying that you were perceiving something and your mind interpreted it as demonic... Well, maybe I better not assume: was there anything truly otherworldly or demonic involved there?

**A:** A little.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about all the high strangeness that we experienced at the time they left the U.S. to come here, the power failure, Bubbles's computer going dead, and then all the other craziness that was happening, like Mom's fall, the camera breaking, everybody except Sue getting sick, the faucet in the kitchen breaking when she was scrubbing it and maybe a couple things I forgot?

**A:** Due to that "little".

**Q:** $1 What would happen if it was a lot?

(L) All hell would have broken loose! So, in other words, germs, the fall, the power outage, the broken camera, the broken faucet, Bubbles's broken computer... That was not so little!

**A:** You kidding?!

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) Well, yeah, it was little compared to what it could have been.

(L) Yeah, it was just little stuff.

(Perceval) At least nothing came out [like aliens or demons] and tried to eat anybody!

(Bubbles) Do people like that attract creatures?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Was she abducted to install her implant?

**A:** Oh yes. Why do you think she is so resistant to the topic of aliens and UFOs? It has been programmed into her.

**Q:** (L) I've seen people like that. They are so violently opposed to even consider the possibility and then, if they have to consider it for some reason, they don't want to talk about it. It's like an unbreakable program. And then you find out that they've got weird things going on in their lives, and you figure out that they themselves must have been abducted. But even if you show it to them, cite the facts, the evidence, the witnesses, nothing penetrates.

**A:** It can't. It has a failsafe program.

**Q:** (L) In other words, they can't be gotten through to at all. If they acknowledge that as a possibility, they'll lose their mind or something?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And I guess at some level they know it, so their rejection of it is more or less self-defense. They are people who can never know or acknowledge the truth about reality, by design. That's really sad. (Perceval) It kind of limits the potential to do anything with us. (Bubbles) Is it possible that some of us have implants like Sue?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Good. (laughter)

$1 Is there anything that can be done for Bob? Is there any point in trying to keep him connected to us?

(Ark) Why should we do anything for him if he doesn't want it?

(Perceval) It's up to him.

**A:** Let him ask.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Is there anything we could have done to protect ourselves from the little meanies coming in?

**A:** You actually did quite well!

**Q:** (L) So it could have been a LOT worse! (laughter)

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That's comforting to know.

(Perceval) Our evasive maneuver was to get sick and hide in our bedrooms! (laughter)

(Andromeda) Is part of Sue' program to try to separate Bob from us in some way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Poor Bob.

(Andromeda) Poor Sue.

(L) Should we publish the information in this session with the names changed, of course?

**A:** Why not? A lot to be learned by others.

**Q:** $1 But then Bob will know. And Sue will know.

**A:** You can wait a bit.

**Q:** (L) So anything else about the Bob and Sue situation?

(Ark) Can the camera be fixed? {a 3,000 dollar piece of equipment}.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Can it be fixed if Laura does an exorcism, or do we have to send it in? That's the question. (laughter)

(Burma Jones) Was there anything symbolic about how that camera went out, or was it just Sue sort of sending some psychic energy?

**A:** EM bursts.

**Q:** [short break to discuss answers] (L) So we've got a couple of questions now. Well, this scenario that has been described about Bob and Sue and us suggests either time travel, or as Burma Jones said that they've got a whole lot of women floating around that are preprogrammed and prepared to be activated and used when and where needed. So, which is it?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Perceval) They cover all bases.

(Bubbles) Did someone make an effort to go back in time to mould Sue' future the way they wanted it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's entertaining to say the least. (Bubbles) Who went back in time to mould her future?

**A:** "Them".

**Q:** (Bubbles) That's vague. Them who?

**A:** Consortium.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Consortium?

(Perceval) It's in the transcripts. Look it up.

(L) Well, let me ask a few questions that we've got here. Who's question is this?

$1 Horus-something on the forum.

(L) Okay, it's talking about the "Alice in Wonderland Syndrome":

"According to Wikipedia: 'Alice in Wonderland Syndrome' (AIWS, named after the novel written by Lewis Carroll), also known as Todd's syndrome, which is a disorienting neurological condition which affects human perception. Sufferers may experience micropsia, macropsia, and/or size distortion of other sensory modalities."

"My wife and I are both prone to this. She actually had a case of this last night, and after speaking to her on the phone, found out that today she has migraine symptoms. While under the effects of AIWS, she typically sees things as being small and far away. She describes her field of vision as being like looking through the large end of a cone towards the small end, for instance, like looking through a telescope backwards. I typically experience this phenomenon as objects seeming very close and large, for instance it feels like I could lay in bed and reach out and touch the ceiling or the wall across the room. This typically happens when I am tired and am preparing to go to sleep."

(L) So anyway, his question is:

"What is the cause of Alice in Wonderland syndrome?"

**A:** Brain disorder.

**Q:** (L) Well, we kind of know that it's a brain disorder.

**A:** Signaling function due to improper or defective myelinization.

**Q:** (L) In other words, they've got short circuits in the brain?

**A:** Yes. And in the optical pathways particularly.

**Q:** (Ark) Can it be of some use or advantage for people that have it?

**A:** None that we can find.

**Q:** $1 Is there any cure?

**A:** Possibly dietary adjustments over the long term.

**Q:** (L) He says, "What are the implications of the altered perception of 3rd dimensional space while undergoing these symptoms?"

**A:** Diminished objectivity.

**Q:** (L) He then asks, "Is this some form of 4th dimensional 'bleedthrough'?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, what his wife is describing sounds more like an optical thing, so that sounds like something is wrong with her eyes.

**A:** Retinal disorder.

**Q:** (L) And his, he says he feels like he could lay in bed and reach out and touch the ceiling, and this particularly happens when he's about to go to sleep.

**A:** In his case it is mainly brain chemistry triggered.

**Q:** (Perceval) She's gonna be walking into doors, and he's gonna be opening them before he gets to them.

(Burma Jones) I have a quick question about that. When I was a kid, I had that a lot. Was mine then brain chemistry triggered?

**A:** Yes. Lots of serotonin then.

**Q:** (L) I had that happen to me once.

(Bubbles) So did I.

(L) I think it was when I was laying in bed going to sleep.

(Burma Jones) It was always when I was laying in bed.

(Perceval) I would get it when I would sit and concentrate for too long. Things would seem a little magnified.

(L) It seems to be brain chemistry induced.

(Perceval) Or maybe eye strain.

(Burma Jones) Mine definitely wasn't my eyes. It would seem like the door on the far wall over there would be like 50 feet away.

(L) I had a couple little glitches happen with my eyes when I was growing up. I remember once I was seeing double for about 10 minutes. But it was so intense that I couldn't make it stop. I don't know what triggered it, and then it never happened again. And then I woke up one night and I was blind. I couldn't see at all. I felt my way through the house to the bathroom, and got myself back to bed. For some reason, I wasn't terribly distressed about it - I just went back to sleep. When I woke up the next morning, everything was back to normal.

(Bubbles) I've had that happened to me before, but it only lasted a couple of seconds.

(L) So I think there's all kinds of interesting things that can happen in the brain. The brain is a really delicate complex structure. That it works as well as it does with so few glitches is a miracle!

(Ark) But I wonder because it is a very small probability that two people meet and have the same essential condition. Maybe there is some chemical in their house?

(L) That triggers it? Is it possible that there is something in their house, some kind of toxicity they're exposed to?

**A:** Yes. Dietary!

**Q:** (L) Okay, here's this other question:

"That was really an interesting article posted by Psyche [on the Cassiopaea.org forum]. The authors implied that cereal agriculture is a recent innovation among human beings, only developed in the last 10 thousand years. Maybe the question for the C's is whether earlier civilizations ate any cereal grains at all, or whether they even practiced agriculture as we know it today. Or, did earlier civilizations have information that we don't have because they weren't being influenced by cereal grain diets?"

**A:** We wonder why this reader has not read the transcripts or your writings as the answer is there.

**Q:** (L) You mean like the 19-year cycle and the mother stone and the whole transdimensional thing that I wrote about in Secret History?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) In other words, what you're saying is that they did not practice agriculture. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And that cereal agriculture and agriculture in general and as a whole is something that has been developed only in the last 10 thousand years and is as a result of our so-called "fall" from that state wherein we could practice technospirituality. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Techno-agro-spirituality!

**A:** Soon to be restored!

**Q:** (Perceval) Is kamut okay for us to eat? It's like "old wheat".

**A:** Yes. When in Rome...

**Q:** (L) In other words, when in 3rd density without the ability to exercise techno-spirituality, one does what one must. Is that basically it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Bubbles) We used to do techno-spirituality?

(L) Yeah, humanity, yeah.

(Bubbles) So, we've regressed so much that we can't anymore?

**A:** That and change in cosmic environment.

**Q:** (L) So it's a change in cosmic environment or vibrations or something.

(Bubbles) But the vibrations are gonna change back soon, right?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Cool!

(Andromeda) And then we can materialize our own food and it'll be good for us.

(Perceval) Materialize our own healthy food.

(Mr. Scott) We'll be able to manifest healthy pizzas!! (laughter)

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Whoa, SWEET!!! And it will even taste like mozzarella cheese?!

**A:** Yes if you wish!

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Oh my god...

(Bubbles) We'll be our own genies?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Can I ask a question? What everybody's doing here and what we do in the future, will it have an impact on the future? Will it be remembered?

**A:** One hopes!

**Q:** (L) I think that's a yes.

(Bubbles) At least a hundred years from now, will we have made an impact on the world?

**A:** That is the plan.

**Q:** (Bubbles) So, cool.

(Perceval) Now you just have to make it happen.

(Bubbles) I said all of us! I just have one more question. Can you give Ark a hint on how to build a time machine or improve his theories? (laughter)

**A:** We are!

**Q:** (L) They're giving him a hand.

(Burma Jones) I have one quick question speaking on brain stuff... You mentioned brain zaps before. I get these things that are more like a "FZZT". It's usually when I'm really tired and just waking up. I looked it up and it seemed to be from what I could find that it's just one of those things that no one can explain. So, I just would like a hint as to where I could find out what it is, or if it's something I should worry about?

**A:** Not to worry. Once you detox the mercury it will stop.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) It's like a little thermometer in my head!

(Perceval) What's the percentage of clinical psychopaths in the whole world?

**A:** 6.5

**Q:** (Perceval) How many of those are female?

**A:** 1.7

**Q:** (Ark) But the females are more dangerous.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, now wait a minute, was that 1.7 of the 6.5?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So, that's 1.7 IN the 6.5?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) I wanted to ask about this psychopathic thing in the lowlands. I wanted to know in what year that the lowlands got the higher percentage of psychopathy, and what was this percentage?

**A:** 18 century 9 percent

**Q:** (L) I would say 9% would be really high in the 18th century.

(Bubbles) Okay, this is a very mundane question and you're all going to laugh at me, but has anybody ever figured out why cats purr?

**A:** Self stimulation of the vagus nerve or the cat equivalent.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Now I know! It's a question I've been wanting to know the answer to since I was 4.

(Mr. Scott) So Kitty does Eiriu Eolas all day, all the time.

(Bubbles) That's why cats live for so long.

$1 That's why they have 9 lives.

(L) What else? My back hurts.

**A:** Hiho! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

