## July 6, 2010
Laura, Andromeda, PoB, Belibaste, Burma Jones, Psyche, Atriedes, Perceval, Ailén

[Laura and Andromeda are at the board]

**Q:** (L) This is July 6, 2010. Just playing.

**A:** Hello children of Cassiopaea Olreila here!

**Q:** (L) Well hello. I guess we'll be grooving another channel here.

**A:** Yes 'Andromeda' has the gift!

**Q:** (Andromeda) Making me blush! (laughter)

**A:** Help for humanity is not needed blushing.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess you'll get your syntax sorted out soon enough.

**A:** Grooving takes a little time.

**Q:** (L) Do we have any questions we want to ask while we're playing around here? Is there going to be a gigantic methane eruption in the Gulf of Mexico resulting in a tsunami that wipes out everybody in Florida?

**A:** No. The methane is a serious contributor to global "warming", however.

**Q:** (L) Is oil leaking out of the ocean bed floor in the Gulf of Mexico in any other places besides through the well?

**A:** Yes but that is happening elsewhere as well. All part of the "opening up" phenomenon.

**Q:** (L) So, you mean that what we've speculated about sinkholes and cracks in the earth... What is causing this opening up?

**A:** Misalignment, or rather sliding of layers of crust of earth due to slowing of rotation.

**Q:** (L) Okay, what is causing this slowing of rotation?

**A:** We have mentioned the approach of companion star and its tendency to "ground" the system.

**Q:** (L) Anybody got any questions? (Atriedes) I just wanted to ask about what we were talking about the other day. Is there some grand plan with BP and these corporations, or are they just being so self-centered that they're causing all this havoc? (L repeating for the tape) Okay, the question is is there a grand plan of the BP people and the various individuals who are screwing things up? I mean, are they planning some kind of ultimate objective?

**A:** Your assessment is correct, it is the natural chaos that follows psychopathy wherever it goes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Can I ask about Yellowstone? Is any of this "movement" is going to wake it up and cause a major eruption soon? Or is that too predictiony?

**A:** That is more likely than a cataclysmic ocean floor explosion of methane.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so in the next 5 years, what is the percentage of probability of the supervolcano at Yellowstone going off?

**A:** 58%

**Q:** (L) 58, is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) 58 percent. Well, that's more than half, but still kind of 50/50 in the next five years. (L) There was a question we talked about today about what would happen in the southern hemisphere... (L) Yes. So, if there was a global superstorm like in the movie we watched today [The Day After Tomorrow], what goes on in the southern hemisphere during such an event? The movie only showed storms in the Northern Hemisphere.

**A:** Less violent storms but storms nonetheless.

**Q:** (L) What about an ice age?

**A:** Ice ages grip the south somewhat, but the greatest damage is via drought, floods, and earthquakes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, obviously this thing going on in the Gulf of Mexico is nevertheless a dangerous thing. Is the oil going to have an effect on the thermohaline current that keeps ice ages at bay?

**A:** Oh certainly! It may take a year or two for the damage to be felt catastrophically but for now the greatest danger is in the rain and general toxicity of the adjacent areas.

**Q:** (L) Is it advisable for people to move away?

**A:** If possible, but if they cannot, they must take care to avoid the toxicity and detox what they cannot avoid.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Are we gonna get some of the toxicity on the wind over here in Europe?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Are we already getting some of that?

**A:** Very slight. Wait three months.

**Q:** (L) What's going to happen in three months?

**A:** The Gulf Stream will have carried the oil to the North Atlantic from where Europe gets most of its rain and storms.

**Q:** (L) Well, swell!!

**A:** It will be significantly diluted by then but noticeable.

**Q:** (Belibaste) If the crust is opening up and there are multiple leaks, I guess humans can't stop the leaks, and they only stop when the oil pressure equals the ocean pressure. (L) It could go on for years!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) How long is it going to take?

**A:** 8 years if nothing intervenes.

**Q:** (L) Is something expected to intervene?

**A:** Oh, that would be telling!

**Q:** (Perceval) Are they seriously considering using a nuke?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Oh no... (Perceval) So that's what could intervene to stop it?

**A:** Not what we were referring to. A nuke under the present cosmic conditions will only make it worse.

**Q:** (L) So you say "that would be telling", yet you have told us that somewhere maybe in June or July of 2014 will be Year 0 of a new era. So, are we to assume that something is going to intervene that will stop the leak and sort things out on this planet?

**A:** Oh indeed.

**Q:** (L) Umm... Is this something that we're going to consider to be beneficial? {laughter}

**A:** It's like having a baby: blood, water, pain, but joy when it is over.

**Q:** (Andromeda) How long will it take to be over? (Burma Jones) Yeah, how long is the labor? (L) Some people die in childbirth, ya know!

**A:** Not if they are utilizing knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (Burma Jones) What was it that was causing so much pain on everyone's right side here lately?

**A:** Planetary linkage.

**Q:** (Andromeda) I'm so swollen today, and Ailén's swollen. "Crazy like cockroaches", like I said. (Belibaste) "Planetary linkage" is because the planet is suffering, so we are suffering?

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) Well, swell! (L) Does that mean it's going to get worse then?

**A:** It can and probably will. Knowledge protects.

**Q:** (L) So we have to be really careful about our diet, taking our supplements, and looking after ourselves in order to get through it. I mean, we have to take care of ourselves as we wish the planet to be cared for?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Anything else? I think our experiment is successful. Anything that we should have asked, that we didn't ask, consider it asked, and give us the answer! {laughter}

**A:** Just keep your eyes open. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

