## June 11, 2011
Laura, Ark, Belibaste, Perceval, Andromeda, Ailen, PoB, Galaxia (AKA Galatea), Burma Jones, Ottershrew, Psyche, Mr. Scott

[Laura and Andromeda at the board]

**A:** OMANDSAPGKNRWAEHL or by being near in deep space now listen FIOEY quiet number wonderful peace

**Q:** (L) What was all that? [Review of answer] What is your name?

**A:** Goran Lezczek

**Q:** (L) And did you ever have a body of your own?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And when did you die?

**A:** 1995

**Q:** (L) And how did you die?

**A:** War

**Q:** (L) And why are you here?

**A:** Zoom out of this place quick

**Q:** (L) In other words, you wish to be released into the light? All you have to do is look around. And everywhere you look, you see this light. Everywhere you look, you see a glowing light. And if you keep looking that in one particular spot, it's a bit brighter than in any other spot. And as soon as you notice that, that grows closer. As it grows closer, all you have to do is go toward it. Just go toward the light. Go towards the light. Go towards the light. Total release, total peace. Go toward the light.

{This exchange above demonstrates a short version of differential diagnosis. All entities must be questioned and tested. Then, if identification of "dead dude" is made, the formula for release is applied. Until a channel is thoroughly grooved and a particular identification dynamic is established, this process must be followed every time with every entity. When an entity is refused, sent on its way, the channel is cleared.}

**Q:** Alright, is anyone there?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us?

**A:** Hodo

**Q:** (L) And did you ever have a body of your own?

**A:** Look learn quick

**Q:** (L) And what does "look learn quick" mean?

**A:** Men are going to die soon

**Q:** (L) What men?

**A:** Many

**Q:** (L) Where?

**A:** Near to Bilderbergers near

**Q:** (L) And what are they going to die from?

**A:** Plot

**Q:** (L) Okay. Like I said, do you have a name?

**A:** Gave name

**Q:** (L) And did you ever have a physical body of your own?

**A:** Look learn

**Q:** (L) What does "look learn" mean?

**A:** Next gift near knowledge Laura

**Q:** (L) You're not making a whole lot of sense.

**A:** Follow the knowledge

**Q:** (L) Follow the knowledge of what?

**A:** Grooving.

{At this point, mental blocking is put up and silent request to Cassiopaea made. The other activity ceased and the energy changed.}

**Q:** [Planchette starts making circles in a counter-clockwise direction] (L) Is there a reason for all these multiple circles?

**A:** Driving now!

**Q:** (L) And what is your name?

**A:** Kojin of Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) And how do I know that you're Kojin of Cassiopaea?

**A:** Ask!

**Q:** (L) Ask what?

**A:** Whatever you like!

**Q:** (L) Well, what was all this spinning about, and what was all this hodge podge messing around about?

**A:** Interference. Needed cooperation for grooving.

**Q:** (L) What kind of interference?

**A:** HAARP-like beamed at you.

**Q:** (L) And how long has this been going on?

**A:** Off and on for some time.

**Q:** (L) And what is the source of this? Is this a 3rd density or 4th density source of energy?

**A:** Both. You have been tracked for a long time now.

**Q:** (L) Well, why don't they just bump us off if we're such a pain in the whatever?

**A:** They can't.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** We cannot tell you that as it would interfere with mission.

**Q:** (Galaxia) Why would it interfere with the mission?

**A:** If you know why you will anticipate and possibly make mistakes fatal to yourself. Let us just say that "they" know that harm to you would result in their own total destruction along a more negative timeline.

**Q:** (L) Well, if my death would bring about their destruction, then maybe it would be a good idea for me to check out, right? Well, isn't that what we want? (Belibaste) Why would it lead to their destruction?

**A:** Again, we cannot tell you all. But know that there is no chance for a positive outcome for Earth and the future without the presence.

**Q:** (L) So, there's no chance for a positive outcome without me, and yet my death would ensure their total destruction.

**A:** And all else!

**Q:** (Perceval) Maybe it's got something to do with balance, ya know? The universe wanting balance. There's a higher power in the universe that allows things to play out as long as there's some kind of balance. But if you weren't here, then this world would be a completely dark, negative star, and there'd be some mechanism that would destroy it and everything associated with it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That's really depressing though to think that we ARE the only balancing energy... out of 7 billion people on the planet?! (Perceval) The only reason that the whole thing hasn't already gone up in smoke is because some few people are making an effort. It's rather magnanimous of the universe to consider such a small group of people. (L) How did we get off on this topic? (Galaxia) Oh, so that's why we all feel so bad: because we're being HAARPed. (L) Oh yeah! So is that what's behind our various negative experiences of late that's been kind of rotating around the house like some kind of bug being passed around?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galaxia) Is that why we were all vomiting? (Perceval) And other things?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So they're beaming beams at us that are jiggling our cells around.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galaxia) So it doesn't have anything to do with this "Cosmic-itis" that we were theorizing about?

**A:** It is "cosmic"!

**Q:** (Belibaste) This beaming, do they beam each individual?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Belibaste) So they beam an area?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) And like right now, they're beaming...

**A:** It can target a room too.

**Q:** (L) So they can narrow it down to a room. (Perceval) Is there anything we can do to defend against or protect against such beamification? (Ark) Like spray the roof with something? (Perceval) Will our new roof help? (laughter)

**A:** You are doing well so far. When the need increases, so will the knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Well I have to say that I did much, much better today. I had been in that horrible state for a couple of weeks, and I did much better today with my cortisone and that little bit of DLPA. I don't know if I'll take any more tomorrow. It really helped. I would suggest that anybody else who feels like they're falling into the pit, try it too. But you don't want to take it more than two or three days. (Belibaste) So the diet and supplements made us less sensitive to this beaming?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Speaking of diet, that leads me to my question. Hold on here, let me get my page. Since our awakening in respect of vegetarianism versus meat eating, and that awakening quite by chance, by experience, by experiment, by learning things, by ya know, hard lessons, we've been publishing a lot of material that we've been finding because of course coming to some realizations has propelled us or induced us to search for the material, the research, that explains what we experienced in the vegetarian vs. meat eating experiments. So, we have been publishing these things, and as we've been publishing things along that line, things about gluten, about the evils of dairy, about lectins and plant foods, about the necessity for eating more meat, and eating much more fat, and basically just that the Paleo diet is best suited for the human being, we've attracted a whole lot of what I can only describe as "vegetarian trolls". I mean, they're like fanatics.

So last night, I was thinking about this. And while the authoritarian personality as defined and described by Bob Altemeyer can easily explain some of these behaviors, what we really come down to again is another split. I mean, you have the split between people who know that consciousness exists outside of the body, or that consciousness exists prior to the body. And then you have the Darwinists where consciousness is a byproduct of material evolution. And of course, the Darwinists are the Big Bang type people too, which is really kind of a really bizarre creation theory.

So, you get this subdivision. You have the people who are Darwinists and Big Bangers, and then you have people who are fundamentalists who basically, in a funny sort of way, are like the Darwinists because they too believe in a miraculous creation. So even though they may seem, or may appear to be, on exactly opposite sides of the fence, in a certain sense they're both authoritarian-type personalities. Which kind of highlights what Altmeyer said about authoritarians. They follow the beliefs, dictates, or ideas of the constituted authorities according to what they're brought up with.

An authoritarian personality in Moscow would believe that communism - maybe not today, but at some time - that communism is the best way of life. Do or die, communism is what's real and good and proper. And the same individual, the same personality type on the other side of the ocean in the United States believes that capitalism is the best option. In other words, people are brought up with certain authorities in their lives that espouse certain ideas about things, and they're acclimated or enculturated to these ideas. Their personalities make them follow it slavishly - that being the key word: slavishly.

It seems to be that this same divide - even though the divide is not defined by an ideology, because any ideology serves this slavish following - what is different is the slavishness of the follower versus the person who actually cares about the facts and is able to emerge from their enculturated conditioning and consider other ideas. So, hang on, I'm going somewhere here!

So, the thing is Altemeyer wrote another book about "amazing conversions" where he gathered data and analyzed people who had been born in a strongly religious family and background, and experienced a lot of this programming as they were growing up. But then, they grew up and emerged from it. They didn't necessarily turn against it, but they stopped believing, they changed their minds, they became something else. And then there were also people who were brought up in completely non-religious environments. Some of them were even anti-religious, who then, when they grew up, converted to religion or fundamentalism. Usually it's fundamentalism when they do these conversions. Most people don't convert to Catholicism or Methodism, they convert to fundamentalism. So, the key thing that he noticed about the people who grew up in non-religious households and then converted to religion was that most of them had very serious psychological issues. They were abused, damaged in some way, and just basically there was not something inside them that helped them to come to terms with themselves, or life, or the world. So they had to seek, basically, a savior on the outside or something that would give them the answers. Because once again, they were individuals who needed someone or something to follow slavishly.

And then about the people who converted out of religion, they were quite different all the way around. They were more independent. There was such a variety of them because they could think and do and be somewhat differently. Some of them became atheists, some of them became spiritual - but not religious. They followed all different paths. They were very individualistic. But the main thing was that they had a strong inner belief in what was right. In a funny sort of way, their religious background actually really worked on them. It led them to search for the truth even if they came to the idea that they could not find the truth or that it certainly was not to be found in their religion. It was ingrained in them that religion was about truth, and they themselves were more intelligent than their peers. They were people who made good grades, were successful in intellectual endeavors. And then they came to the idea that using their minds to find the truth was a useful way to get through or understand life. So, they used their minds to search for truth, which was inculcated in them as the highest value, and that search was turned on their religion which didn't stand up very well to scrutiny.

So, you have these two different kinds of people. Once again, there is this divide between people who want or need to be slaves, and people who individuate, who are able to do this against all odds – certainly against their family, social and cultural programming. I mean most of these people who become free of religions because they wanted the truth, simply discovered that their religions were not - they didn't consider them to be adequate explanations of anything. They weren't believable. So these people, they wanted the truth and they were individualistic and they were completely different from the slavish followers who, even if they were brought up in anti-religious households, needed to "find religion" because they NEEDED to be slaves! Just as some individuals "find" Darwinism and become slaves of it. Or any other idea that is followed slavishly..

I guess what I'm getting to is that I'm seeing this again in the issue about vegetarianism. Now, all things being equal, we gave the strong vegetarian approach a really good try. During that period of time, all of us had issues and we kept referring it to detox. You're detoxing, you've got detox symptoms. And that's what nearly everybody who was on these detox diets talks about. "Oh, you're having detox symptoms." And of course we believe that there is a certain amount of detoxing that is needed and can be done, but to go on forever having detox symptoms every time you turn around and that everything is written off to detox symptoms is kind of - you wonder when is it going to end? When is your body going to start working on detoxing on a regular cyclical basis in a 24-hour period so that you don't have to go through some horrible ordeal every three or four days. And of course there was the experience that Atriedes had that led to a few little clues that in fact, vegetables may not be as good as they're cracked up to be.

So now we have all of these vegetarians. And they're fanaticism is amazing. However, I thought about this last night. I starting thinking: Ya know, there are people who are like cockroaches: they can survive on anything. Some of these people say, "Oh, I'm very, very healthy. I've never had any problems. I've never lost any weight. I didn't lose any strength." Ya know, if somebody tells you that, maybe it's true. I don't know the person personally, but I'm going to accept the fact that maybe they're telling the truth. On the other hand, I've known a lot of vegetarians who are not healthy. They may feel alright for awhile, and it may be kind of a relative thing: they don't know how good they could feel, so they think they feel relatively well. But then they develop some kind of sickness and they die and people wonder about it because their diet was so "healthy".

And then they go after the people who eat meat and say, "Oh, you're meat eaters, you're always sick!" Well, the problem is that those people who are ordinary meat eaters that are being accused of always being sick are not really eating a Paleo diet. They are eating meat along with all kinds of corrupt and polluted and toxic foods. Drinking sodas, eating lots of carbs, etc. Because if you're eating a Paleo diet, you're minimizing carbs and not eating dairy and all that stuff.

So, anyhow, what I'm getting to is that while I was thinking about all of this, I was thinking about this divide once again between the slavish following of something, and being able to have the courage to say, "I was doing that, I tried it, there were problems, I began to explore, and I learned this and this and this and tried something different." There's this divide, this split. I started wondering about people who are fanatical vegetarians. I'm not talking about people who can be a vegetarian and maybe if they really receive some information that suggests that being a vegetarian is not such a good, they could then change. Which is kind of what happened to a lot of people we know and a lot of people in our group... We can name a dozen or so people who were strict vegetarians for 20 years, and they've stopped being vegetarians and their health improved!

So then, I remembered something that was said in a session on October 7, 1995 when we were discussing another topic entirely, but what come out what was this exchange:

> **Q:** (L) But isn't the nature of a person determined by their soul and not the physical body?
>
> **A:** Partially, remember, aural profile and karmic reference merges with physical structure.
>
> **Q:** (L) So you are saying that particular genetic conditions are a physical reflection of a spiritual orientation? That the soul must match itself to the genetics, even if only in potential?
>
> **A:** Yes, precisely.
>
> **Q:** (L) So a person's potential for spiritual advancement or unfoldment is, to a great extent, dependent on their genes?
>
> **A:** Natural process marries with systematic construct when present. 

**Q:** (L) But isn't the nature of a person determined by their soul and not the physical body?

**A:** Partially, remember, aural profile and karmic reference merges with physical structure.

**Q:** (L) So you are saying that particular genetic conditions are a physical reflection of a spiritual orientation? That the soul must match itself to the genetics, even if only in potential?

**A:** Yes, precisely.

**Q:** (L) So a person's potential for spiritual advancement or unfoldment is, to a great extent, dependent on their genes?

**A:** Natural process marries with systematic construct when present.

So, after this long preamble and introduction, my question is: Is it possible that there is a genetic profile of a vegetarian who actually does do well on a vegetable diet, a vegetarian diet? That is, being a human being which is supposed according to all standards to be carnivore?

**A:** Somewhat on the right track but the question is not as precise as it could be.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let me try again. You said, "...aural profile and karmic reference merges with physical structure." (Galaxia) Oh, maybe because they are slavish, vegetables are good for them? (L) Well, that's not where I want to go yet. So, the soul must match itself to the genetics, even if only in potential. Oh boy... How to ask this... I once asked if vegetarian was the way that one should eat, and you said that no, not generally, as that was concentrating on the physical. What did you mean exactly by that? Let's see if I can come at this in a sideways direction.

**A:** Most vegetarians are such, believing that it is more "spiritual". This is a belief that eating a certain way will change the nature or destiny or tendencies of the soul. This is as effective as confessing one's sins to a priest and doing penance and then sinning again. Besides, as you have noted, the vegetarians you have encountered have been singularly "unspiritual".

**Q:** (L) Okay, let me try to ask it this way: Is the fact that we eat meat detrimental to us spiritually?

**A:** Absolutely not.

**Q:** (L) But I would say that just the eating of meat is not a spiritual issue at all. (Perceval) Eating food is a thing of the body. (L) Yeah, I mean we just try to eat in an optimal way to give our bodies the right fuel so that we can do our other work. That's our whole thing is to give the body optimal fuel.

**A:** There is the difference, see? You eat for optimal fuel, they eat to support an illusion.

**Q:** (L) Well, they don't all eat to support an illusion. A lot of them think that vegetables are an optimal fuel illusion. (Perceval) But they couldn't think that if they really objectively read all the details.

**A:** They lack objective knowledge.

**Q:** (L) Okay then. (Perceval) I was saying that in the scheme of things, plants eat rocks, animals eat plants, and some eat other animals. But from a physical point of view in the hierarchy that humans would eat... (Burma Jones) If only seems that way if you understand densities, but in terms of what they think, physically we're just animals to them. (Perceval) But I wasn't talking about them, I was talking about in respect of our understanding...

**A:** Yes, you just hit upon an important point: The genetic body tends toward the animal nature. Note that we said "tends". In those of the "fanatical" vegetarian nature, this tendency is very strong. In fact, you could even say that there is strong identification with the genetic body and all it is connected to energetically.

**Q:** (L) So what do you mean, "strong identification with the genetic body and all it is connected to energetically"? Is that what I was thinking, that these fanatical vegetarians do not want to eat meat because for them, it's like eating their own kind? For them, eating a cow is like cannibalism because they identify with the animal kingdom so strongly that...?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, that would lead to the next part of what I was thinking last night, which is that some - and I'm not saying ALL - really fanatical vegetarians of the slavish authoritarian follower type personality could be, can you say the word for me there, Belibaste? (Belibaste) OP's. (L) Organic portals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (Galaxia) So basically they're people with the essence of an animal?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They identify with the energetic... (Galaxia) They look like people, but they're not.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galaxia) They don't eat cows because they have the essence of a cow!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ark) They care more about the cows than about other human beings.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) That means they have empathy for animals - that is, their own spiritual kind - and not for humans.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Is that also why psychopaths can be so kind towards animals while they treat humans with such indifference?

**A:** Yes. Though psychopaths often are brutal toward all that cannot contribute to their aims.

**Q:** (L) So they would be kind to animals only if it suits them. (Ark) But I understand that our hero Gandhi was vegetarian and yet he cared about human beings. (Perceval) Was Gandhi an organic portal?

**A:** Gandhi "cared" about the human cattle like himself.

**Q:** (L) Well, what about the fact that for example the Cathars were supposed to be vegetarian? Cathars were the ones that were the Perfecti. They were vegetarian and they didn't eat meat.

**A:** They didn't succeed in surviving either!

**Q:** (Galaxia) Can I ask a question? Does all this mean that vegetarians are more inclined towards cannibalism?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) No, what I was saying that they would perceive... (Galaxia) I know, but I was saying that since they have such disregard for people... (L) Oh, I see what you're saying. Would they have less feeling for people and be inclined to eat them under certain circumstances? (Galaxia) Yes. (Perceval) Given the choice, would they eat a person or a cow? (Galaxia) If they were starving?

**A:** In some cases, perhaps, but not generally.

**Q:** (Ailen) Now, among vegetarians, you could say there are two groups. There's the group that says they feel better, they don't want to kill animals, they feel more sorry for animals than for veggies. They kind of stop there - they don't have spiritual ideas. On the other hand, there are those vegetarians who say that humans eat meat and therefore they are attached to physical reality. So by eating veggies and then fasting or sungazing for example, they're going to become illumined beings. So those are two different groups. So what is the intrinsic difference between them?

**A:** Two variations on the same theme!

**Q:** (L) The kind that just don't want to be cruel to animals identify with the animals more strongly. They just don't have anything else. And then those that think it's spiritual, they're just kind of like New Age fundies. (Ailen) Yeah, but I was thinking that there might be some kind of difference in their essence or genes in the sense that some of them make a choice...

**A:** Not really. The only evidence for "soul potential" is the realization that the body is just a machine and needs optimal fuel.

**Q:** (L) Okay, there's something else I'm thinking about. Getting back to this genetic construct marrying with the physical potential... It seems that higher soul potential has been historically associated with physical problems. It's like the soul, being a strong energy, expresses itself through the body, and if the soul is unhappy, or if the soul is ill at ease, or if it's in distress, or for some reason not at peace as it is very easy to be in this day and time when there is so much cruelty and insanity rampant on the Earth, that these people with higher soul potentials tend to have more physical problems and disabilities. Is that going in a proper direction?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, individuals with the soul potential whose soul afflicts the body with its issues need to really understand the body, give it optimal fuel, and learn how to deal with the soul issues themselves separately or in a soul-based way.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I mean it's like the whole Ra thing was about Wanderers. Wanderers according to the traditional definition are people who tend to have... (Psyche) They're more sensitive. (L) They're more sensitive, and they have to be more efficiently nourished and have better fuel and they have to really be careful with detoxification. And those people it seems to me would be susceptible to the belief that being a vegetarian would help them - only it wouldn't!

**A:** Yes. Carla is an example!

**Q:** (L) Yeah, Carla of the Ra group. She is just practically crippled with arthritis. I don't know what she eats, but the Paleo diet might do her some good. (Ailen) But then you have psychopaths who are very sick, too. (L) Yeah. I think that sometimes it's just a roll of the genetic dice. But in some cases, there's this connection. (Psyche) And we're exposed to too much toxicity these days. (L) Okay, have we done this subject? (Ark) Yes, I have a question. From a higher point of view - not just ethics and such things - but from the higher philosophical point of view, what's really wrong with cannibalism? (L) What's really wrong with cannibalism? (Perceval) We may or may not publish this answer. (laughter)

**A:** In some instances, nothing. But in general one does not eat one's own kind for energetic reasons. Carnivores do not eat other carnivores because it is not optimal energy source.

**Q:** (L) In other words, we get optimal energy from eating creatures that eat vegetables. That way, we get our vegetables. But another carnivore processes all of that so that what we would get from eating another carnivore would not be optimal nutrition?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) But then we could eat vegetarians. (laughter)

**A:** Don't laugh! That has been the case for some groups at certain times and places. In fact, that is still the case in some dark circles extant on Earth today. As we once pointed out, higher density beings derive nourishment from some humans and human body products. Preferred are fat children and nonsmoking vegetarians.

**Q:** (Psyche) There are some religions that say that you have to be vegetarians. (Burma Jones) They're basically just farms for 4D STS looking for a good lunch. (Belibaste) Good food. And it's organic vegetarians usually! (PoB) Does it mean that the meat from meat-eating predators is not good for us? (L) That's what they said, yes. (Burma Jones) So then India is just one big cattle ranch. (L) And with so many people that they have there, nobody would even notice when people go missing. People go missing there all the time. (Burma Jones) And they have the worst poverty in the world. (Belibaste) Remember in the sessions they were talking about the missing children, and there was a lot from India - vegetarian children. (L) The loss of children of India is just stupendous. Unbelievable. Let me get this next question in. In a previous session, we were trying to get the size or the dimensions of Comet Elenin, and I had the feeling that somehow I screwed up and...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I did. (laughter) Because I was thinking thoughts at the time and whatever. So, I'm just going to take myself completely out of this and ask again: What size is Comet Elenin?

**A:** 5km on the short axis and close to 10 on the long axis.

**Q:** (L) What I did is I messed it up when they were trying to do 5 by 10, I made it 500. They went 5... Yeah, I don't know what they did. Okay, does anybody have anything else they want to talk about? (Perceval) There's a question about crop circles. (L) Yeah, I saw that but I thought it was kind of a dorky question. "Why have this year's crop circles been so lame?" (Perceval) Andromeda dictated it, and I just typed it. (laughter)

**A:** 6D has begun to withdraw from the fray.

**Q:** (L) Well, what do you mean by, "withdraw from the fray"?

**A:** As we have pointed out before, the crop circles were an almanac. The last page is soon to turn.

**Q:** (L) Well that makes me think of something. Reading all of these analyses about the Odyssey, it's almost like the Odyssey is an epic story that describes a world similar to our own. When Odysseus comes back to his home, he finds it occupied by these psychopathic, consuming, partying, drunken, rude, obnoxious people. He himself comes into his own as a stranger, a beggar, is treated like dirt, insulted, things are thrown at him... Basically, that's kind of like what our world is doing today. The poor are being oppressed. It's like the whole global elite is acting the part of these suitors in the Odyssey, and Odysseus is everybody else in a certain sense. Just reading this story, it's like apocalyptic. People start behaving that way and it's like they bring down destruction on their own heads. Am I kind of on to something here?

**A:** Yes. And it is a good exercise for your forum because it will convey many truths at a deep level.

**Q:** (L) Anybody else? (Ark) I mean, who is going to play the role of Athena?

**A:** No dice!

**Q:** (Galaxia) What did Athena do? (Ark) Well, without her, the suitors would win. (L) So you're not going to tell us that?

**A:** Let us just say: Help is on the way!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

