## April 9, 2011
Present: Ark, Laura, Andromeda, Atriedes, Galatea, PoB, Perceval, Mr. Scott, Psyche, Burma Jones, Ottershrew, Ailén, Belibaste.

Andromeda and Laura on board. This was training session but turned out very well! The delivery was fast and smooth.

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Koripfqek

Q:(L) Have you ever had a body of your own?

**A:** Have will do!

**Q:** (L) Are you a discarnate?

**A:** Cassiopaea 6th density is existent on all levels.

**Q:** (L) I wonder if that wind blowing through the chimney will come through on the tape? That would sound creepy, wouldn't it?

{Transcriber's note: Indeed, the howling of the wind came through on the tape. Creepy!}

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess we can try asking some questions. Let me see the list. Hold everything! Pause! {Stops to read over list of questions.} Ok, I have a series of questions that have been written out here. The first one is; why have we all been feeling so inflamed/low on energy/depressed/irritable for the last two weeks?

**A:** Cosmic changes in process. Each person experiences this differently according to genetics and environment. Recall previous sufferings preparatory to DNA boosts? All must keep vigilant about diet and psychic hygiene during this time as there are also external factors that seek to block the natural process.

**Q:** (L) Does this have anything to do with our super-moon dance?

**A:** Indeed. And recall that the universe is about balance. After each period of suffering there is always joy.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) What do they mean by "psychic hygiene"?

**A:** Being careful about what you allow into your "field".

**Q:** (L) In what sense?

**A:** All senses.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean "all senses"?

**A:** Seeing, hearing, speaking, and so on

**Q:** (Ark) So, uh, I will tell a story about this "using all your senses". A few days ago, I went out and I almost had an accident. I was driving on the interior peripherique - on the lane that was closest to the middle. There are three lanes. There was a guy behind me who was very unhappy that I was driving only 90kmh. He was swaying from left to right, trying to get past me and I could see it in the rear-view mirror. I looked to the right and realized I cannot do anything, because there was a car. I could see it.

So, I stayed. After about two minutes, you know, the one behind me again starts to act impatient behind me. But then, I look in the mirror again and the car to the right is gone. So I figure he must have moved somewhere else. Then I started to do {Ark makes descriptive hand gestures showing his driving maneuver} – only the car was there exactly in the right angle [to be in the blind spot.] But, uh, he was a young guy and he was fast. He steps on the brakes – and nothing happened, you see? I usually do not do such things. I was thinking very fast and that he must be gone, but I was not 100% sure. So, I should have waited until I was 100% sure. So, of course nothing happened, he just got upset.

**A:** We have more in mind. Take care with interacting with negative energies.

**Q:** (L) Well that's kinda like creating your own reality, isn't it?

**A:** Not what we mean… Keep your guard up and do not allow negative energies to slip by… such as believing lies… listening to negative music while thinking it is positive…watching negative movies and thinking it is negligible. It is extremely important to not lie to the self. One can listen or watch many things as long as the truth of the orientation is known, acknowledged, and understood. Clear?

**Q:** (L) So, in other words: awareness. Calling a spade a spade and not allowing something negative to enter you and believing it is positive. You can see it, perceive it and acknowledge it but not allow it to influence you. Because obviously, you cannot shut off your perceptions of the world, but you can control how it affects you. So, don't let it inside, thinking it's something that it's not.

(Belibaste) So, see it as it is. If it is negative, see it as negative.

(L) Yeah, and they're saying to focus on truth in order for changes to manifest in you that are positive. That is, "positive" can mean acknowledging that something is negative because it is truth.

**Q:** (Galatea) Choose the seeds you wish to water.

(L) Is that basically what we're talking about here?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) But I would say that everybody needs a panoramic retro-mirror.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) because that stuff sneaks up behind you and it gets in your blind spot. OK, Atreides. Your question.

(Atriedes) It's slightly personal. I've been having hallucinations. Like, I was drawing and I saw things in my drawing that were moving sometimes – and I keep hearing people say things that they're not actually saying.

**A:** Cosmic changes!! DNA changes!

**Q:** (Atriedes) So, I'm not going insane?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Galatea) Is that the same that is happening to me? I have been seeing things as well.

**A:** Yes. When you remember yourselves five or ten years ago, do you recognize the changes thus far?

**Q:** Everyone: "yes!"

**A:** Do you not suspect that these changes are also matched or mirrored in your most basic structure?

**Q:** (L) Hadn't really thought about it.

**A:** This is how work on the self works! It prepares you for even more dramatic and rapid changes! And this is "receivership capacity".

**Q:** So, you're saying when you work on yourself, and you change something from a certain level, that it acts on more fundamental levels even as far as your DNA? Which then enables you to receive finer or differently tuned energies, which can help to change you more? And if that happens, it enables you to achieve more and do more. Is that sort of what we're getting at here?

**A:** Yes. Not quite clear as you put it; but close enough.

**Q:** (L) Do I need to be clearer?

**A:** When you do, you will.

**Q:** (L) Is there any relation between the above and the rashes that people here are having?

**A:** Watch the diet!

**Q:** (L) Does that mean as I think, being very careful about any carbs?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) is that because we are being beamed as I suspect? This HAARP activity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And so one must keep that in mind while this heavy beaming is going on. One needs to be extra careful in all respects of hygiene: physical, mental, emotional, spiritual.

**A:** Yes. As we said a moment ago, there are forces seeking to interfere with the process.

**Q:** (L) What about the things that have been breaking and strange dreams everyone has been having?

**A:** SPA {See Previous Answers}

**Q:** (Galatea) That's also why I had that Darkman dream?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I would say that having that kind of dream, is because of being aware of negative energies trying to get in. (Galatea) Was it really for real that a pale, humanoid creature tried to get in?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) Scary!

(Burma Jones) Did I really go and help her in her dream?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) Thank you!

(Burma Jones) You're welcome!

(L) Next question on the list: Is the fukushima radiation negligible compared to the radiation due to 2,000 + nuclear explosions that have happened since 1945?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How badly will it affect people?

**A:** Cumulatively, it is already bad.

**Q:** (L) you mean cumulatively the 2,000 nuclear explosions? And now, this on top of all of that is like critical mass of exposure?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, what does that mean for us.

**A:** DNA changes and diet help to keep the frequency stable.

**Q:** (L) What about all the people who are vegetarians?

**A:** They are nuclear "toast" since so much of their energy must be expended to raise the vibrations of their food.

**Q:** (L) Is the Fukushima plant under control?

**A:** What?!?

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Like "you've gotta be kidding"?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What caused the TV personalities to talk gibberish?

**A:** All of the above mentioned factors.

**Q:** (L) So, it could be diet, their DNA is degrading, they're not able to receive the cosmic changes – that sort of thing?

**A:** What do you think about the "new" explosion 3 to 4 billion light years away? They think, that is.

{Here it seems the Cs are referring to recent news of an explosion that is going on in the center of a small galaxy said to be 3.8 billion light-years away. See:

[Bizarre cosmic explosion observed](https://web.archive.org/web/20110410002124/http://www.tgdaily.com/space-features/55258-bizarre-cosmic-explosion-observed)

[Cosmic Fireworks Erupt When Black Hole in Dragon’s Belly Swallows Star](http://www.technewsworld.com/story/Cosmic-Fireworks-Erupt-When-Black-Hole-in-Dragons-Belly-Swallows-Star-72239.html)

"Astronomers say they have never seen anything this bright, long-lasting and variable before. Usually gamma-ray bursts mark the end of a massive star and emission from these events never lasts more than a few hours. But radiation from the blast continues to brighten and fade from the location a week after the explosion."

And: "Rather than the short-lived gamma-ray bursts typically associated with the death of a massive star -- most last no more than a few hours -- this explosion continues more than a week later to emanate pulses of high-energy cosmic radiation for an effect that's brighter, longer lasting, and more variable than scientists have ever seen."}

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that it's not as far away as they're saying it is?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What is it representing? What is it doing?

**A:** The wave has begun in earnest!

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Energy is pouring into your universe from higher densities.

**Q:** (L) Was there any connection between our neighbor's death and our dog's deteriorating health? Is it concentrated beaming or cosmic influences?

**A:** See all of the above.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Our dog is undergoing DNA changes, too!

(Galatea) He's gonna learn to talk!!

(Belibaste) {imitates talking dog}

(Galatea) I knew it! I've been reading reports about animals doing unusual things. The animals are getting smarter!

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Galatea) Soon the human race will be overthrown!

(PoB) Maybe it would be better!

**A:** And be also aware of the deterioration factor for some.

**Q:** (L) Who excavated the underground cities at Derinkuyu and Kaymakli in Anatolia?

**A:** Refugees from Northwestern Europe following cataclysms.

**Q:** (L) Did the people who put together the Old Testament use the Greek canon of Homer and Hesiod as a template?

**A:** You finally figured that out?

**Q:** (L) Are you saying what took us so long?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Were the Therapeutae involved in the composition of the Old Testament?

**A:** Partly.

(L) Did Paul of Tarsus put the new testament together?

**A:** Nope.

**Q:** (Burma Jones) Did Paul of Tarsus actually exist?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are parts of the new testament composed of Paul's actual writings?

**A:** Yes.

(L) How close are they to what he originally wrote?

**A:** 70 percent.

**Q:** (L) Did Paul of Tarsus belong to any philosophical school or mystical group?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it one of the mystery religions?

**A:** Similar to them but older. There are traces here and there. You have been doing well reconstructing this. You could say that this communication is part of same.

**Q:** (L) Is this what Gurdjieff referred to as esoteric Christianity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) What did the 7th grade of Mithraism originally confer?

**A:** Mithraism was the reversal of the STO version.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean it conferred?

**A:** Mastery of forces and being mastered.

**Q:** (L) Why is Mithras shown wearing a Phrygian cap?

**A:** To confuse the observers. Keep in mind that the issues are more complex than your questions allow.

**Q:** (L) Other questions?

**Q:** (Galatea) Is it possible to harness good-luck energy?

**A:** Not in the sense you mean. The universe is about balance. There are no tricks or cheating.

**Q:** (Galatea) I've been having dreams regarding tigers and have been having other tiger coincidences. What is the meaning behind these coincidences?

**A:** Awareness of the power of nature and some fear.

**Q:** (Ark) Can I have a question? So I have this. I was playing with what is called homo polar motor – you do this and it spins. There is cylindrical magnet and it spins. There is electrical field which is supposed to go like that – {demonstrates magnetic field lines}. Now, the big question is - and physicists are discussing - whether there are these magnetic lines, and they rotate together with the magnet or there are no magnetic lines and they {Ark makes motions with hands showing what they do.} So there is this discussion.

**A:** There are magnetic flow directors. When you engage the device, you shift the electrons and a flow is initiated. This flow inducts free electrons into the device.

**Q:** (Ark) But I was asking if the magnetic field rotates with the magnet or not?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Ark) Then I have another question! This is what I suspected. However, why does the magnetic field go from one pole to another pole – there is something more primitive than magnetic field, which is called "vector potential". There was a hypothesis that this vector potential represents the real flow of something in the ether. So my question is, whether this hypothesis is in any way correct?

**A:** That is what we just described.

**Q:** (Ark) Last question. Uh, there was in the 20's a German physicist, and he was claiming he could see magnetic monopoles– which nowadays is almost forgotten. He had a lot of experiments and theories. Did he really see magnetic monopoles?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Ok, are we done? Is there anything that we didn't ask but should have asked?

**A:** Help is on the way! Goodbye!

END OF SESSION

