## December 21, 2012
Laura, Ark, Belibaste, Perceval, Andromeda, PoB, Ailen, Data, Thorbiorn, Mr. Scott, Kniall, Bubbles

**Q:** (L) Hello. Long time no Cs! It's been a long time, hasn't it? How long has been, since Spring? (Perceval) July.

**A:** Hikes January. Cassiopaea here!

**Q:** (L) What does "hikes January" mean? (Perceval) Maybe "yikes January"!

**A:** Prices.

**Q:** (Perceval) Price hikes. (L) Is that going to be a really significant issue?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Food scarcity becomes more obvious, no longer able to cover it up.

**Q:** (L) Have they been covering up already existing food scarcity?

**A:** Oh yes!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Anything further going along that line?

**A:** Following food issues, always sickness.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Sickness like the plague?

**A:** Soon enough.

**Q:** (L) Well, anything further along that line before we divert off onto questions which we have?

**A:** Today was not the end of the world in case you didn't notice, however an "end" of sorts will certainly come as we have been suggesting for many years. Time is never definite. Things also happen in steps and stages. The major steps include things like assassinations that are accepted by the masses. When such is not objected to, then the next stage is prepared.

**Q:** (L) What does this have to do like with the end of the world?

**A:** You are writing the book, you tell us!!!

**Q:** (L) You mean the stuff that I have been uncovering, the things I've been learning during the historical research for this enormous book I've been writing, is going in the right direction?

**A:** Oh yes!!! And you are not writing it alone either!! Posidonius was correct about training the mind. A trained mind is more in tune with cosmic mind.

{Excerpt from the text of volume III of the Secret History series currently about 80% complete:

For us, here and now, the ideas of Heraclitus expanded by Posidonius are of more interest since they point to the idea that human activities can reflect, or be reflected by, cosmic activity. If that is the case, if all there is is Cosmic Mind and it is all interconnected and interactive as Heraclitus wrote, then it is possible to know the probable future simply by studying the past. But for that, you need the truth about the past, not histories that are falsified by the victors. Barring that, as Posidonius hinted, divination might offer clues as to the actual state of reality, though this can never be relied upon, and interpretation depends, in a major way, on a respect for the facts, the labor of searching for proofs which teaches consistency and logic, and the understanding that emerges from putting those facts together which can lead to the causes.}

**Q:** (L) Well, since we're on that subject, I'll guess we'll ask about this evidence I have come across that there is very possibly an extraordinary amount of gold buried somewhere in... The question is: Was there really 40 tons of gold taken from various temples and holy places in the area of Toulouse by someone in 106 BC?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Close enough in time, or close enough in amount?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (L) And what about place?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was it taken by the individuals that the historical records suggest took it?

**A:** Who do you think?

**Q:** (L) I think it was Caepio and at least a cohort of Roman soldiers.

**A:** Very likely.

**Q:** (L) And he intended to come back for it, but he couldn't or didn't? Is that the case? Okay, we know he intended to come back for it. We know it never made it to Rome. (Belibaste) There's one step here. You're assuming that he took it and quickly after, and not far away, he hid it. He intended to come back but he lost the battle, or something else happened, and it's maybe still where he hid it in the first place. That's your line of thought? (L) More or less, yes. Well, did Caepio hide it, or was it taken from him in the battle with the... Well, we know he didn't have a battle with the Cimbri. (Belibaste) So, the two possibilities are 1) he hid it nearby Toulouse; 2) he brought it back with the legions to Rome. So, maybe the first question is did he hide it nearby? (L) … with the intent of coming back for it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Did he come back for it?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Bubbles) Did anybody find it since then?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Are you going tell me anything about it?

**A:** We believe that we gave you clues along this line some years ago!

**Q:** (Perceval) Was that about the enclave of alchemists in the Pyrenees?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Pyrenees was mentioned as well, but it was in relation with prime numbers. (L) No, no... I think I know what they're talking about. (Andromeda) Are they talking about Rhineland? (L) Well, I think the Rhineland is part of it, and there are some other things that they said to me in particular way that were very odd, that have always stuck in my head. I'm going to have to go dig them out and put them together. "Undreamed of treasure"... I would say that 40 tons of gold is fairly undreamed of treasure! And we know that there was no gold from the temple of Jerusalem as the Rennes-les-Chateau nonsense proposes. We know that the Cimbri did not sack - or any other Gallic tribes - did not sack the temple at Delphi, and … well, I'd have to go back and really examine these clues and see what they actually mean.

**A:** Only you will know, and only will it make sense when you have uncovered the clues by the sweat of your brow.

**Q:** (L) So, it's in the historical research? It's in this research we're doing, right now?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, all the clues that are in my head, that come through the sessions in the past, plus the stuff that's in my head from all those years of reading, plus the additional stuff that's coming out as a result of this current work, is going to be what enables me to find the clue and put it together?

**A:** A trained mind...

**Q:** (L) That refers to what Posidonius said about the usefulness of researching history. You learn a respect for facts, you learn logic in putting those facts together, and what was the third thing? (Bubbles) Pattern recognition? (L) Ultimately it is like you develop pattern recognition, and also you learn discipline. It's a discipline because you have to discard some things you like that are not tenable, and take things onboard things you don't like because the evidence is there, and follow... Like any time you're at any particular point in the research, you can stop where you are and go in twenty different directions. But you have to control yourself, control your material, and selecting the right direction is very important. (Perceval) Know what's a dead end, and what isn't. (L) Yeah, so you don't spin your wheels endlessly. Okay, so no more on that topic. Oh, I do want to ask: Perceval, when is volume 2 of Secret History coming out? Christmas Day? (Perceval) No, don't know... Around then. Close! Close enough! (Belibaste) Perceval doesn't give dates. (Perceval) Close enough for horse shoes! (Ailen) Open. (L) I see... Okay, so there are a couple questions I have here. First question is for a friend of ours, who has got a detached retina and she's really suffering. She wrote me and asked me some questions about it, but I can't find the message that she sent to me. I wrote to her and asked her and she didn't get it here in time before the session. So, I'd just like to ask for anything about her eyes. Is there any suggestion you can make for her to end her suffering?

**A:** S\*\*\*\*\*, you had symptoms of issues for many years, it is not possible to get a quick fix especially with the way you drag your feet while expecting fast action from others and the body. Go... Near... Listen... Look... Wait... Be persistent through the difficulties. You need mainly very strict diet control with ZERO slips, and vitamin E occasionally and primrose. Your gut needs to heal before anything else. That can take time.

**Q:** (L) So, if she gets her gut healed, her body will sort itself out in some way?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And of course getting the gut healed is part of her problem. To get your gut healed, you need sleep. (Perceval) Diet would be the solution to both of those. (L) Yeah, and I don't think she's been working with the diet long enough. (Perceval) Yeah, any carbs will harm her gut, which will harm her sleep, so then she feels out of sorts and eats more bad things. (L) I started in what, 2008? It took probably a year and half or two years before I really started to feel better. I felt better pretty quick, but it takes a long time to reverse all the damage.

The other question I have if for another friend: he's got a chalazion. He's tried all kinds of things, and it's not going away. (Belibaste) What is it? (L) It's like a granular cyst on your eyelid with the opening inside the eyelid. It drains to the inside of the eye. So, anyhow, what can you tell him?

**A:** Not much more than you did plus watch those sneaky and sneaked carby "treats".

**Q:** (L) Okay, we've got this Denver UFO thing. Obviously, it's a UFO, which means it's what?

**A:** Hyperdimensional as we have discussed before.

**Q:** (L) Is this anything new, or is this something that's been going on for a long time?

**A:** Longer than you suspect.

**Q:** (L) Well, obviously it doesn't show up on cameras unless you slow the film down...

**A:** That is typical as we have discussed in the past.

**Q:** (L) Does this mean that we're heading for being invaded by aliens?

**A:** We have also covered densities and that sort of thing. Your planet is definitely moving through a transition as all the many things you note and discuss point toward. However what is apparent now is temporary.

**Q:** (L) So, the things like sinkholes, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, the strange noises in the sky, electrical charges... All of that stuff are symptoms of this transition? Is that what you're saying?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And that's only temporary?

**A:** Yes. And UFOs become more obvious during such transitions.

**Q:** (Perceval) Why is this Denver thing even unusual? (L) I didn't think it was that unusual either.

**A:** It exits and enters via a "time lock".

**Q:** (L) There is one question I want to ask about this UFO thing. Kind of what I get from what you're saying is that extra or excessive or highly visible UFO activity is only a temporary or transitory thing when the planet is going through some kind of density transition? Is that what you're suggesting?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What about this invasion that was supposed to happen for, what was it? Up to 18 years from 1994? When would that be? (Kniall) This year. (L) Right about now. So, what about this invasion?

**A:** In case you forgot, we once explained to you about the symbolic nature of communications between densities. Also, in case you have forgotten your own words: Who needs aliens when you have psychopaths? And how many clues have you been given? The bottom line is that you have already been invaded!

**Q:** (Perceval) Alien zombies... (L) Aliens are hyperdimensional, so they don't really... (Andromeda) Invade... (L) They've invaded! (Perceval) Through their proxies, the psychopaths. (Perceval) When they talked in 1994 about an invasion, they really were talking about the takeover or imposition of psychopathic ideas. (L) So basically 9/11 was kind of like the invasion?

**A:** Indeed, and even using supersecret tech.

**Q:** (Kniall) That's interesting because there was a session where they described what happened at the WTC as being a dome of the timelock or something. And they just mentioned "time lock" in reference to this. (Ailen) But then why do they become more visible during a time of transition?

**A:** Difficult to control matching frequencies when the frequencies of the multilevel environment keeps changing.

**Q:** (L) There was something else I wanted to ask about. (Andromeda) What about that humming sound that we all heard awhile back in the office?

**A:** Electrical charge.

**Q:** (L) How come we can't measure things like that?

**A:** Everything else including instruments are within the system.

**Q:** (Perceval) They said electrical charge... (L) Then you can't tell that a charge is different from anything... (Perceval) What we heard in the office was coming from the computer amp, but... (Mr. Scott) Well, but it's like if you measure the voltage between something and the earth, if the charge of both is increased, the voltage will be the same but the total charge on both can be much higher. But you can't tell because you're using a device that can only measure the difference between two points. (L) Belibaste, what's your question about the companion star grounding that you mentioned earlier? (Belibaste) In a previous session, it was said that the companion star coming closer induced a grounding of the sun. I simply wanted to know more precisely how this grounding occurs. For example, is there some kind of electric connection between the sun and the companion star, and if so, which kind of current transits between those two celestial bodies?

**A:** Indeed, but that occurs "outside" the system.

**Q:** (Belibaste) That's what you said, Ark. That it's a kind of wormhole...

**A:** Wormhole is good!

**Q:** (Belibaste) At the level of the sun, can we say that the reason for this grounding is the reduced positive overall charge?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Okay, this reduced positive charge induces a reduced field that increases gravity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) And this increase in gravity explains why there are less solar winds expelled from the sun although there is increased cometary activity?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Okay, that's what we thought. (L) Next question? (Perceval) They made a comment in there about assassinations. They made a reference to major steps being like assassinations that are accepted by the masses. Is that what the Sandy Hook massacre was?

**A:** Well, we had in mind things like JFK, RFK, John Lennon, Diana, and others of note. Of course the Sandy Hook affair was an assassination of sorts, but more along the line of psyops with an objective.

**Q:** (Perceval) You said that it was more along the line of psyops with a specific goal…

**A:** Remind people how much they need the chancellor and his pals!

**Q:** (L) Like the scene in "V for Vendetta". (Perceval) How many individuals were involved in the killings of the people at Sandy Hook?

**A:** 5

**Q:** (Perceval) Was the younger guy, Adam, involved? Did he shoot anybody?

**A:** He shot but did he hit anything???

**Q:** (L) I would say they involved him. They had him mind-controlled or hypnotized, he had a gun in his hand, ya know... He's undoubtedly pulling the trigger and shooting. (Belibaste) Like Sirhan Sirhan. He was shooting, but he wasn't the real killer. (L) He was there making a lot of noise. Like that French military disaster where they were showing off for the public and supposed to be using blanks, and somebody had live ammunition. Well, he may have had blanks. (Perceval) Did the people who planned Sandy Hook, did they have a plan to include his brother Ryan?

**A:** Not necessarily.

**Q:** (Perceval) Did none of the staff that survived or anybody see that there were five people, and not just one?

**A:** No. But even if they did, remember the Pentagon and Flight 77.

**Q:** (L) I would say that the ones who actually saw them were dead. They were the ones who were killed. (Perceval) And the people that did this, were they part of an overt US government agency like the CIA or something? Or was it something more murky and hidden?

**A:** Murky is right. By the way, 5 people includes support, not all shooters with visibility.

**Q:** (Perceval) It was pretty sick. (L) So was 9/11. So was JFK's assassination. So was Bobby Kennedy's. So was Martin Luther King's. So was Diana's. So was John Lennon's. (Perceval) I know, but you're talking about shooting 20 6-year-old children. (L) Well, look at what they did here in France. Mohammed Merah. (Perceval) But this is just... There are 20 of them. (L) How many were killed up there in Norway? (Thorbiorn) 78, I think. Yeah, with the Breivik shooting, how many shooters were there with that one? (L) Well, that one was pretty much a crazy guy, because they've got him on trial. When they get somebody on trial, it's usually because it's a crazy guy. When the shooter is dead, you can bet that something else was going on. (Ailen) Well, Sirhan... (Perceval) There's a level of personal involvement... Well, I shouldn't be surprised. (L) Well, yeah, why would any of us be surprised? That's the thing. (Thorbiorn) For Breivik, there have been some rumors that there were other people involved. He was framed as the only one. (Belibaste) 78 is a lot for one person to shoot. (L) Yeah. Maybe we should ask. Was there anybody else involved with this Breivik shooting?

**A:** Out of sight, yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Snipers. (Belibaste) Scopes and rifles...

**A:** Practice run!

**Q:** (Andromeda) On the same day as Sandy Hook, and the following day, there were a lot of other attacks. There was the slashing of school children in China, and there were a couple of other people with boxcutters, and the guy who was picked up who had 47 guns and had claimed he was gonna do a school shooting or something. What was up with that?

**A:** All of these types of events are "covered" by HAARP and that cannot be restricted at will.

**Q:** (L) So in other words they turn on the HAARP thing to muddle people's brains. While they're brains are all turned into tapioca, they do their deed. Then, of course, the thing being turned on and people's brains being muddled, people who are already on the edge or susceptible go off the deep end along with the targets. Is that it?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about all the coincidences with the Batman movie, with the Sandy Hook reference in the Batman movie? (Perceval) Is that something like that 9/11 mass consciousness signaling to itself?

**A:** Yes. The cosmic mind sends many clues, but who is listening? And you know what the result of not listening is!

**Q:** (Perceval) It shouts very loudly at you! (Kniall) On September 13, something was seen above mainly Arizona and New Mexico. It was claimed it was the US Army test firing rockets, some kind of rocket booster, and then they fired two patriot missiles at it to shoot it down. I wrote an article about it suggesting that it was the cover-up of a celestial event? (Perceval) Was that a fireball?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about the gas leak explosion in Indiana? (L) Oh, yeah! (Perceval) What caused that? That's the question. It's as short as I can make it. (laughter)

**A:** It wasn't a gas leak!

**Q:** (Perceval) So, was it for example, caused by a fireball? A space rock?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Perceval) A micro fireball? (L) Well, I don't think that's it. I think probably it's more like a comet fragment? (Perceval) Was it a discharge from a comet fragment?

**A:** Air burst, but very low and highly charged.

**Q:** (Perceval) Something in the universe didn't like those two houses.

**A:** It wasn't the houses, it was the location.

**Q:** (Perceval) Something underground that attracted it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) What was it?

**A:** Charge.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Electric charge.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Belibaste) But coming from an underground...

**A:** Opening up!

**Q:** (L) Anybody got any more questions? (Ark) Okay. I have a question about my book that I started to work on a couple of months ago. I like it. I am discovering new things, and hopefully I will manage to finish it in time. However, once in awhile something occurs to me, like a thought: Is it not a planted distraction from what I was doing before?

**A:** Absolutely not! Laura dragged her feet on Moses too!

**Q:** (Ark) Dragged feet? What they mean? (L) It means I didn't really want to write this book I've been writing. I would just keep putting it off and putting it off, and I thought I had a really quick answer. I'd just write this really quick book and be done with it. And you see what it's turned into? I mean, not only 2,000 pages of text, but all these discoveries! I mean, really great interesting stuff. (Ark) Yeah, I mean the story is different because it was kind of always your idea to write this book. But for me... (L) Not the way I'm writing it. Hell no! I'm hardly talking about Moses!! (laughter) I had to keep mentioning his name once in awhile just to keep my hand in. Find excuses to mention him! Alright, so if nobody else has any questions, I'm whupped.

**A:** Okay, Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

