## May 28, 2013
Laura, Ark, Belibaste, Perceval, Andromeda, Kniall, Ailen, PoB, Anart, Athena, Data, mkrnhr, Mr. Scott

**Q:** (L) Today is 28 May 2013. And we apparently have a bunch of questions written down here, and a lot of things on our minds. So I guess we might as well get started here. Hello.

**A:** New world coming.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Miecekaii of Cassiopaean Future.

**Q:** (L) What did you mean by, "New world coming"?

**A:** You are in the transition and it will accelerate dramatically soon.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that - as we have speculated ourselves - everything that used to be prophesied for the future, now we're in it; It's happening.

**A:** Yes. Isn't it grand?

**Q:** (L) I guess it depends on your point of view. Well, since you opened with that particular topic, let me bring this question to the floor. I was going to save it for the last, but... Back in 1998, I was doing a lot of reading on mythology trying to come to some understanding of what all these ancient myths meant. I was not as yet tuned in to the possible, probable, cometary meaning of most of the myths. I thought I was doing pretty well at the time, however, so let me read the session excerpts that lead into my question:

> From session 19 July 1997:
>
> **Q:** … In a previous session I asked a question about the 'sons of Belial' and the 'sons of the law of One,' as explicated by Edgar Cayce, and whether these were philosophical or racial divisions. You said that they were initially racial, and then philosophical and religious. Now, from putting the information about religions together throughout the centuries, I am coming to a rather difficult realization that the whole monotheistic idea, which is obviously the basic concept of the 'sons of the law of One,' is the most clever and devious and cunning means of control I have ever encountered in my life. No matter where it comes from, the religionists say "we have the ONE god, WE are his agents, you pay us your money, and we'll tell him to be nice to you in the next world!"
>
> **A:** Clever if one is deceived. Silly truffle if one is not.
>
> **Q:** Well, I know! But, uncovering this deception, this lie that the 'power' is 'out there' is unbelievable. So, the Kantekkians were the 'Sons of Belial,' which is not the negative thing that I interpreted it as at the time. So, the 'Sons of the Law of One,' was perverted to the monotheistic Judaism, which then was then transformed into the Christian religious mythos, and has been an ongoing theme since Atlantean times.
>
> **A:** Woven of those who portray the lights.
>
> {I would like to comment here that the remark “portray the LIGHTS” - plural - went right over my head at the time.}
>
> **Q:** And that is always the way it has been. They appear as 'angels of light.' And, essentially, everything in history has been rewritten by this group.
>
> **A:** Under the influence of others. And whom do you suppose?
>
> **Q:** Well, the Orion STS.
>
> **A:** Sending pillars of light and chariots of fire to deliver the message.
>
> {Again, I missed the import of “pillars of light” and “chariots of fire” at the time.}
>
> **Q:** Well, I found some connections between some tombs in Rome, Nicolas Poussin, and some tombs in England, the processions of 'angels' on the Canary Islands. The connection seems to be these funny lights, or Candles, with 'peculiar wicks,' as they are described, which are 'eternal flames.' I am wondering if this is what you meant by connecting them by the frequency of light?
>
> **A:** "Eternal flame" adorns the tomb of JFK. Connection?
>
> {This connection is obvious to me now after my recent studies on Julius Caesar and the Gracchi brothers, but I leave that aside for now.}
>
> **Q:** Yes. I also found the Solloi priesthood and the priestesses called Peleiades. They seem to be involved with urns, birds, tinkling bells, urns that can be struck and which then set up a particular resonance in other urns, oak trees, and some other peculiar references that relate to laurel trees...
>
> **A:** Siren song.
>
> **Q:** What about the siren song?
>
> **A:** Greek mythology.
>
> **Q:** I know that. What about it? What do the sirens represent?
>
> **A:** Laura, my dear, if you really want to reveal "many beautiful and amazing things," all you need to do is remember the triad, the trilogy, the trinity, and look always for the triplicative connecting clue profile. Connect the threes... do not rest until you have found three beautifully balancing meanings!!
>
> **Q:** So, in everything there are three aspects?
>
> **A:** And why? Because it is the realm of the three that you occupy. In order to possess the keys to the next level, just master the Third Man Theme, then move on with grace and anticipation.

What is important about the above is the "Third Man Theme" which was part of the next question:

April

> 4th 1998
>
> **Q:** (L) In the studies of the Triple Goddess, I came across some interesting things. You suggested that I should research the Third Man Theme. I have discovered that the origin of the word 'man' meant a female - the goddess. The oldest word for the male of the species was 'wer' as in 'werewolf.' So, the Third Man Theme could mean actually, the Triple Goddess. Am I correct?
>
> **A:** Close, if viewed through "sheets of rain."

(L) And then in 1999, I came back to the topic again:

> January 2nd 1999
>
> **Q:** (L) … I once asked about the Third Man Theme and that perhaps you meant that the imagery was that of the Triple Goddess relating to the Isle of Man... and you said 'if viewed through sheets of rain.' So, in this book that I am reading, it talks about the fact that the Celts of Gaul worshipped the Rain as the manifestation of the Goddess, and the Celts of Scotland worshipped the Sun... the male God. Does this relate in any way to this remark you made about sheets of rain?
>
> **A:** In an offhand way.
>
> (L) So obviously I was going sort of in the right direction. But then I asked:
>
> **Q:** Anything further you can tell me in terms of a clue about 'sheets of rain?'
>
> **A:** Not for now, when you get there, you will find the chalice.
> 
> **Q:** Where and WHAT chalice?
>
> **A:** Wait and see!

(L) Then in 2003, Ark was asking some questions about background cosmic radiation:

> August 17th 2003
>
> **Q:** (Ark) Does it come from one of the big bangs or many of the big bangs or some completely different source?
>
> **A:** Dark matter.
>
> **Q:** (L) I don't think that was one of your options. (Ark) Well, someone on physics newsgroups was discussing this, so maybe it is a confirmation. (L) Look! It's raining! (Ark) So we can ask about this weather breakthrough yesterday, is it a sign of a breakthrough in our own situation?
>
> **A:** One day there will be sheets of rain. (group laughter)

(L) Now, at the time of that particular session on August 17th, we were living in Auch in 43 degree heat. It had been probably the hottest summer ever in France. People were dying by the thousands. 20,000 people died in France in the heat that year, and we were dealing with that horrible situation with that evil Dutch landlord. So, it really WAS quite an event that the weather finally broke and we got rain. It was thunderous and stormy. Ark's previous question about dark matter, followed by his question about the weather breakthrough being a sign of a breakthrough in our own situation, and your answer that "one day there will be sheets of rain", was quite interesting. Within a few months, we were able to move to this house things did improve for us in many respects. But then in 2011 there was this issue of cracked airplane windows that were occurring in numerous places around the world. There were several news reports. I don't know if anybody remembers those, but we archived them on Sott.net. So Andromeda asked at the time:

> February 13 2011
>
> **Q:** (Andromeda) What's up with the cracked airplane windows that have been showing up in the news?
>
> **A:** Electrical charges have many effects. By the way, that is the reason for some of the animal deaths: electrical discharges.
>
> **Q:** (Belibaste) Because there's more dust between the ionosphere and the surface of the earth. (A\*\*\*) Is that also why I've been getting shocked by electrical equipment recently?
>
> **A:** Yes
>
> **Q:** (Perceval) Is that electrical discharges from the sun, or...
>
> **A:** Sheets of rain, or dust plus electricity. Snow too.

(L) So that was the last reference to the term that is exercising my mind right now: "sheets of rain", and what brought it to my mind was of course the current state of the planet which is quite dire as far as I can see. There are enormous amounts of rain falling in many, many places. It's been raining here almost continuously since December at least, and we had rain before that. (Perceval) It's still snowing in a lot of places. (L) It's snowing in places, and you just mentioned that in this last excerpt... You said, "Sheets of rain, or dust plus electricity. Snow too." And Belibaste asked, "Because there's more dust between the ionosphere and the surface of the earth." Is that what we're looking at in the term "sheets of rain"? Something that conducts electricity... Is this related to these extreme amounts of rainfall and snowfall? Is it all electrical phenomena, like even the jetstream and all that sort of thing?

**A:** Indeed, and the rain can conduct.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so going back to my triple goddess viewed through sheets of rain, since I now have a different understanding of what these "gods" and "goddesses" represented, that they probably were cometary bodies... What you're saying, or what I'm assuming you're saying, is the triple goddess viewed through sheets of rain is essentially a comet or comets? Is it electrical discharges? (Belibaste) The cause of the sheets of rain might be the triple goddess, i.e. triple comet. (L) Oh... Is Belibaste right on that? That the cause of the sheets of rain could be a triple cometary body?

**A:** Close. Also consider plasma shapes including those that may appear "chalice like".

**Q:** (Belibaste) This cometary body is highly charged, and because of potential difference, there's a discharge with the surface of earth, in the atmosphere, leading to sheets and rain and thunders and plasma sheath which can have a chalice shape. (L) What has recently been working in my mind is the observation that when the earth is in a comet dust stream, it apparently affects the weather profoundly. That means a lot of cloud cover and rain. This seems to have been true about past events in history. I noticed that I didn't get a single viewing day for one of the recent comets. So I began to wonder just what the deal was. How could the ancients have seen the alleged comet gods if the sky was under cloud cover most of the time! So this might explain it. There were close passages and plasma discharges viewed through cloud cover or "sheets of rain" and we know that some of the plasma formations can be quite anthropomorphic looking among other shapes. (Perceval) It seems it's a compounding effect where cometary bodies have electric effects on the planet that disrupt the planet in different ways that may cause increased precipitation, which then allows for further cometary activity? (Ark) Well, but I would like to ask about what is the nature of the dust? Earth origin or cometary origin?

**A:** Cometary, and some still holds charge.

**Q:** (L) Well, we've certainly been having, in addition to all of this rain, a veritable sprinkle storm of little meteorites that hit people's houses, and hit people's cars. It's getting to the point where it's like weekly and sometimes multiple times a week. It's not - I don't believe - a phenomenon of people simply reporting it more or noticing it more. It's just like freaking bizarre!

**A:** See opening remarks.

**Q:** (L) You mean "new world coming", well a new world coming means that the old world has to go. That doesn't strike me as being entirely pleasant.

**A:** You have long been aware of the cataclysmic nature of cosmic transitions, why get nervous now that it is at the door?

**Q:** (Perceval) Stage fright! (L) Yes, stage fright. Okay, going along our list of questions... Along the same line: What percentage of fireballs or other celestial visitors actually come to our attention?

**A:** 43 percent.

**Q:** (L) What is the percentage increase observed or otherwise in fireballs over this time last year?

**A:** 26 percent.

**Q:** (L) What caused the wildfires in the west of the UK and Ireland this past April? (Perceval) It was when the ground was still quite cold, and winter was still holding on, and there were hundreds of wildfires in the gorse and low scrub all long the west coast of Scotland.

**A:** You noted that it came after the Russian event?

**Q:** (Perceval) We figured it could be connected.

**A:** Connect the dots!

**Q:** (Perceval) Probably on the same latitude roughly, as well. (L) And a similar thing happened in California in early May. Is that still going in the same direction?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, let me ask this: Considering this whole sheets of rain discussion – sheets of conductive dust or rain – is it possible that some of these fires could due to some kind of electrical conductivity and not necessarily a visible fireball that you'd see streaking through the sky?

**A:** Oh indeed.

**Q:** (Perceval) In some places, the ground itself was frozen. And they were blaming it on kids going out and setting fires. In one area of Scotland, for example, there were a 160 fires in one day. So, suddenly there was an army of teenagers that decided to go out all over Ireland and Scotland. (L) An army of pyromaniac teenagers! (Perceval) And it was a particular type of land. Not a lot of trees, low scrub, boggy areas. And there were no reports of fireballs anywhere during that time, so you can rule that out. (L) Okay, next question. In terms of "preparedness" for the coming - er, currently manifesting – changes, how important is it to truly connect to other people?

**A:** If that is the only way to achieve truth within the self, it is very important.

**Q:** (L) I don't think that was quite the way the question was intended. I think it was about having a group that helps each other in material or physical ways in the coming times.

**A:** If there is truth within that will manifest naturally like the pieces of a puzzle snapping into place.

**Q:** (L) Next question on the list: How do consciousness, information, and matter relate to each other?

**A:** Different concentrations of truth.

**Q:** (L) So I'm assuming you mean that matter would be one concentration, and consciousness would be another, and information like maybe pure information would be the purest form?

**A:** Not necessarily, information arranged by a truth becomes consciousness. That is why truth and objectivity are so important. Without it, consciousness and individuality fractures and disintegrates.

**Q:** (L) We talked before a little bit about information being involved in where earth changes would be manifesting and that locations could be attractors as well as some people can be attractors for cosmic events or electrical things, like they have this negative thing and it fries them in the process. mkrnhr said something the other day about the destruction of information. We were talking in a broad context, but we were talking about destruction of libraries, archaeology, and that war itself was essentially destroying information. It was an anti-information, or the ultimate disinformation so to speak. So I guess my question is how is this going to affect where, when, and how any of these sheets of electrical rain or electrical discharges or whatever manifest? Is this going to be like... I don't even know how to ask the question. (Belibaste) I have a question that might go in the right direction. During the last session, it was established that if a human population believes in information that is orthogonal to truth, that is, lies, then it can modulate cosmic events. To understand better the mechanism, I wanted to know where information is stored?

**A:** Consciousness.

**Q:** (Belibaste) So this guy we were talking about then, he got lightning struck seven times. He was really afraid of thunder. And his wife was struck once when he was next to her. What is specific in this guy because nobody gets struck by lightning seven times! What is specific in this guy?

**A:** His inner connections.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Inner connections are just... (Perceval) Genetic?

**A:** Can be.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Inner connections, it means the inner connections are faulty because it's a kind of disintegration that was mentioned before? What kind of connections are we talking about?

**A:** Triple cycle veil of consciousness bodies.

**Q:** (Perceval) You asked! (L) I ain't openin' that can of worms! I've got other questions to ask. (Belibaste) There are three bodies? What are they? (Perceval) Triple cycle... (L) Triple cycle of what? (Belibaste) What are the three bodies?

**A:** Psychic/consciousness, genetic, high soul family.

**Q:** (Athena) That makes it so much clearer! (Belibaste) If it's not correctly connected... (L) Once they said something like hypnosis was opening a door to the unconscious. So I would say then the unconscious is connected to the superconscious, and then the superconscious is connected to other superconsciousnesses at some other level. But an individual must have... (Perceval) It seems like it's an anomaly with this guy. There's something about his makeup that is different. Otherwise he would not be hit by lightning seven times. (Athena) He just really needed a shock. (Ailen) And they're talking about a veil of consciousness. (L) I don't wanna go in that direction. If we start going there, we'll never get all of our other questions in! But I think I remember them saying something about some kind of triple body. And they were talking about tears in some kind of veil, tears in the ethereal body. That's what they were talking about.

> {The reference is to session 7 Oct 1995:}

    **Q:** (L) Well, if that is the case, and the aliens are abducting people and altering their genes, can they not alter the genes so that higher level souls simply cannot come in?

    **A:** Not incarnative process, natural biological processes. Incarnative involves strictly ethereal at 5th density and lower, and thus is enveloped in triple cycle "veil" of transfer which is impregnable ay any means. However, any and all 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th processes can be manipulated at will and to any degree if technology is sufficient.

(L) Okay, this is kind of shooting in the dark, but... Could it be that somebody who has some kind of genetic, or even an inner consciousness connection to like a negative or entropic entity could attract that sort of thing?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) It's like an exorcism by lightning. (Belibaste) And actually we asked during the last session to what extent having this problem... how they attract these cosmic or electrical events. I think it was said it was partly electric, and partly other. I guess this consciousness connection is... (L) And while you could look at somebody on earth that didn't ask to be born this way, but the very fact that they were born and connected in some higher consciousness way to an overlord of entropy so to speak, is just kind of the way things are. Some animals are born lions, some crocodiles, some are dogs, some are cats. We are what we are. (Ark) Let me take opportunity to ask about ball lightning. Are they purely electric phenomena, or are they also related to consciousness or...?

**A:** Transdimensional portals made manifest.

**Q:** (Ark) Does it mean that the current theory of electromagnetism is really bad because it has nothing to do with transdimensionality?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Let's get back on track. Next question: Was the explosion that we heard here on the 23rd of April or thereabouts an overhead cometary explosion?

**A:** Indeed. Get used to it.

**Q:** (Perceval) We'll be conditioned like the animals. After so many, we just won't react. (L) Okay, speaking of transitions and changes and people attracting things to themselves that are commensurate with their vibratory frequencies or their consciousness or their information load or lack thereof, there is an unknown respiratory disease going around in Alabama and Texas. The question here is what is it, and what caused it?

**A:** In this case, look to the secret gov facilities and their experiments.

**Q:** (L) Did A\*\*\* really see a ghost in the house recently?

**A:** Imprint brought on by electromagnetic fluctuations. Get used to those too.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Yes. Something is fluctuating. I've been having a LOT of deja vu this last month, sometimes three times a day. It's crazy. (Belibaste) Quick question. Is there a connection between information and electricity?

**A:** Very close.

**Q:** (Belibaste) So the more information in the body, the higher the electric charge? Is there a correlation?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And the higher the electric charge, the less likely you are to attract. (Belibaste) Depending on the charge. That's where I was going to go: the correlation between positive charge and truth and negative charge and information that is orthogonal to truth. (Perceval) You can say "lies"! (laughter) (Belibaste) I heard Laura saying it, and I thought oh, that's good!

**A:** Sphere packing tachyons.

**Q:** (Perceval) There ya go. (laughter) (Ailen) Can you explain Ark? (Anart) Probably has something to do with order and information. (Ark) First of all what I want to say is that Belibaste was thinking about the electric charge always in purely material terms. Thinking about electric charge, keep always in mind this picture of the wormhole. (Kniall) Information is not material. (Ark) Information is something which gives the form. The form when it does things, you consider it as a matter. But information shapes the form. It's not matter. It's the shaping principle. So, your question about relation between information and electric charge is like asking what is the relation between painting and the picture? Painting is the process, and picture is the result of the process, right? (L) It's something that is "informed" by the information that causes the paint to go wherever it goes. So, I guess that's electricity. It's like the result, and the process is... Um...

**A:** Go to the rear of the line!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Sorry. (Perceval) Can we ask in case it's not on the list about the Waco fertilizer plant? (L) Hold on now that is not the next question!... Are we in for a year without a summer?

**A:** Might be a warm spot now and then, but in general, a bust!

**Q:** (Perceval) It's like last year, only a bit worse. (L) Now, we had a Sott Talk Radio show about truth seekers being driven off the track by things that are put out, or actions that are undertaken by, various agencies to drive them into wild conspiracies. The idea is that disinformation agents, COINTELPRO agents, and so forth, plant so many false clues and so many outlandish things and start and spread memes and plant things that supposedly verifies the crazy stories, just for the purpose of distraction, diversion, and to make them engage in infighting. One of the things that Atreides was talking about was that he's been reading this book that is a collection of the speeches and writings of Martin Luther King. He says he's been looking at the history and it seems that violent groups never, ever, have succeeded in changing anything. Even if you have a revolution, usually what you end up with is: meet the new boss, same as the old boss. But nonviolent protest that is massive and cohesive, has very often brought significant change. That's why many of the individuals who were the charismatic leaders of nonviolent movements were assassinated. Bobby Kennedy, John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King, John Lennon, Gandhi, and so on and so forth down through history. So then he proposed that fake terrorism is a strategy to deal with the possibility of another Martin Luther King popping up because when the powers that be encounter a group that they cannot militate, they cannot drive them to armed resistance, which is where they want them... Remember, John Lennon said "once they've got you violent, they've got you were they want you" - since they fail to militarize nonviolent people, they create these violent events out of whole cloth and ascribe them to nonviolent people. In other words, they do false flag operations and then blame it on whatever group they want to blame it on, even if that group is 100% nonviolent. But the point is, they really do the violence. That part isn't fake. How else to blame it on the non-violent? So, our discussions have led to the idea that the claim that actors staged the Boston terrorist attack scenario – or others – is simply not true. It is a disinfo meme that is being spread for a number of reasons, not the least of which is to induce people to believe lies and another is to give the illusion that all this horrible stuff is not really happening; everything is really under control. All they have to do is fake a scenario. When we say fake a scenario, the violent thing really happens. There's really a bomb, there is really somebody blamed, patsies, etc. I mean, JFK's assassinations wasn't just actors. John Kennedy really was assassinated. But there was a patsy this drama was staged around and there were all kinds of false clues, false trails, laid that did nothing but produce lies and confusion. But the patsy had nothing to do with the truth of what really happened. So anyway, we had this long discussion on our radio program, and our question I think is: Are we on the right track, or is there something we are missing?

**A:** Basically, correct, yes. Main thing missing is the information factor. Those who believe the lies begin to fracture within and then project this outward onto others.

**Q:** (L) We had a discussion of why would they not show images of the children killed at Sandy Hook, but then they did show horrific images at the Boston Bombings. So I understand there are a couple of possible reasons for not showing images of children. One being that that would be perceived by society itself, by the public, as being a horrible thing to do because it would be considered torturing the parents, tasteless, etc. But that was soon followed by the Boston bombing where they were able to scare and terrify people with violent images of such things as the poor guy with his legs blown off. (Perceval) It's also the context: Sandy Hook was just one lone American not associated with terrorism, though he was a conspiracy theorist, allegedly, so that blackened the reputations of those sorts. However, the Boston bombing was the next level up: home-grown terrorism. (L) So I don't think the fact that they didn't show the pictures of the children, or that they did show pictures of this guy with his legs blown off, is any evidence that both of them were staged by actors as some people have been claiming. That's kind of ridiculous. On the right track there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Anart) You remarked that the people believing in the lies are getting increasingly fractured, which would then tie into the increasing cataclysmic events, so it's all being driven by the lies. (L) I'm not sure that the PTB are aware that that's what they're doing: bringing that on. I think they just want to fracture people because... (Perceval) From a 4d STS kind of thing, they'd want as many humans as possible believing lies so they can destroy them. (L) Well, from a 4d point of view sure, but that's not something we can argue because it's not provable. We can argue from history because one of the Roman emperors was alleged to have said to his prefects ruling the various provinces around the empire, he said, "Squeeze them until nobody has a cent left." I mean this sort of attitude has been prevalent down through history. What questions did we ask about the fertilizer plant last time, and what were the answers? (Perceval) That happened since the last session we did. (Kniall) Boston Bombings happened the same week, but after... (L) So we didn't even ask anything about the fertilizer explosion. So, ask! (Perceval) What caused the Waco fertilizer plant explosion?

**A:** Information overload in the form of a small comet fragment with a massive electrical charge.

**Q:** (Perceval) There was a fire burning before the explosion. What caused that fire?

**A:** First fragment.

{Think of the fires in Scotland.}

**Q:** (L) I think they were being a little bit facetious about explosions being "information overloads", like a play on words?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next question: When an F5 tornado can form in a matter of minutes, what is the connection with what is going on in 4D? How does it happen? What's the mechanism?

**A:** Once again you must think in terms of information and electrical charge. The charge on earth is building in several ways and a tornado is an electrical phenomenon similar to ball lightning.

**Q:** (L) So what they're saying is what we were saying awhile ago. (Belibaste) More conductivity, more discharges. (L) And more people believing lies, and more chaos. The people on the planet are attracting their own destruction. (Perceval) Because they believe lies. (L) Jesus. Okay, we want to ask about Judy Wood. We had her on our radio show and she was a real fruitcake. I have to say that right up front here. We were somewhat impressed with her book even though it has flaws. There was some sloppy little bits of research here and there, and some major assumptions that she was making even though she was saying that nobody else was allowed to make assumptions. But in general, the basic idea is that something happened to this building to turn it into dust that is some kind of strange and unusual weapon or phenomenon or something we don't understand. But then of course she proceeds to claim she knows what the answers are, which is not true. Nevertheless, we have the idea that her idea that something we don't know much about is going in the right direction. Is that the case?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Was she in a 6-year coma?

**A:** Not that long, but yes. All the better to program her.

**Q:** (Belibaste) So during this phase she had this crash. She was hit by a car driving 80 mph. She was a pedestrian running. And she was X months or X years hospitalized, and during this time they mind programmed her to say what she said. (Perceval) Maybe not directly. (L) Okay, we've got some questions we can get through pretty quickly. (Anart) Can I ask a clarification question on the tornado? If it's similar to ball lightning, does that mean they're both portals? Physical manifestations of portals?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Do people ever disappear in tornadoes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Kniall) In Judy Wood's book, there were 6 or 7 eyewitness descriptions of people who were caught in the dust clouds. They said it was like being inside a tornado. (Perceval) And some of them were found very far away from where they started... (Kniall) Some of them had the sensation of being picked up...

**A:** Refer to our previous answers about the forces in play that day. Judy Wood, just like the "actors proponents" were sent to destroy information with the usual methodology.

**Q:** (L) So you are saying that Judy Wood, with her distracting info alongside a great collection of anomalies is programmed to destroy information? And the same is true about the people promoting the "actors scenario" or even the "no planes" nonsense on 9-11. (Perceval) Well, Judy Wood's book actually contains some important information that according to the C's is true. But she is destroying information…

**A:** By pointing to wrong theoretical answers that are equivalent to the "actors scenario", and by her behavior.

**Q:** (L) Her idea that it was strange and unknown is probably the one correct thing. But her answers, her Hutchison Effect and Zero Point stuff, that is just all her assumptions. It's allgiving the wrong answers. It's also giving the wrong answers for the alternative people who believe it, and causing them to lose information. It's driving away people who might be able to observe the problem and solve it by the absurdity of those answers and by her behavior. (Andromeda) Same thing with those actors people. There was a setup, and a drama, but they made it totally absurd. (L) It's what Jacques Vallée described as the Truth Train. If people are on a train headed for truth, the best way to divert them since you can't stop the train or you don't want to be seen stopping the train, is you get there in the engine and you just start stoking up the fire until the train goes so fast that it runs off the track and they all get killed. (Perceval) The only thing I can think of is that somebody else was coming along parallel to Judy Wood who was going to go in that direction, and they got her in there first as their man. At such a late stage, it's better that her book is out there instead of nothing. (Anart) But you're reading it already informed. Other people aren't reading it with that same lens, so they're reading it and they just come to her conclusions. You never did that. You said there's great info here, BUT... (L) Did Hurricane Erin play a role in the 9/11 attacks?

**A:** Indeed: portal for the utilized energies.

**Q:** (L) Were the magnetic field changes part of the cause or a symptom of the technology used to destroy the WTC complex?

**A:** Symptom.

**Q:** (L) Next question: Can you tell us since we have been wondering about the actual counts that have been giving to us, what is the exact living population on the planet of human beings, or human-looking beings, including psychopaths, people with various personality disorders? (Kniall) Humanoids? (L) The basic human-looking group?

**A:** 835543653... close enough in billions, there are transitions in process.

**Q:** (Perceval) 8.35 billion? (Multiple people) No... (Mr. Scott) They left off the last digit, and then said close enough in billions. They were down to the 1's digit, and obviously there are people being born, abducted, dying, so you don't get an exact number because that's not possible. (L) Yeah, it's like people are being born and it's moving as they're looking at it. (Mr. Scott) The fact that they got to the 10's digit was pretty impressive! (Ailen) Well, we did ask for an exact number. (L) We did ask! They were trying. (Kniall) That means the people who come up with the numbers have NO idea... They think it's like 7 billion people. (L) Are there any large numbers of people underground?

**A:** Intradensity states, excluding troglodytes!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Cave dwellers. Alright, I've been promising my friend down the road, {name redacted} to ask this question for her. She believes that she was adopted and that her parents are not really her parents though they insist they are. However, there are some anomalies in the birth recording and when she asked her dad if he would do a DNA test just for family lineage purposes, he got angry and refused. So, was she adopted?

**A:** Not exactly, but close.

**Q:** (Athena) Was she the offspring of...

**A:** Interfamily transfer.

**Q:** (Perceval) So she's the child of an uncle or cousin or... (L) A niece or something like that. And that would explain why her parents are so closed about wanting to give her the answers about it, and why there is the confusion in the records at the same time. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I also have a similar question to ask for {name redacted}. I guess {name redacted} wanted to know why her mother gave her up for adoption?

**A:** Her mother had no choice. She was told her baby died and the child was sold.

**Q:** (L) I see. Was the story that she was told about her mother being the wife of some farmer guy who had an affair with some military guy and then got pregnant and had a baby. Something like that. Was that story any part of the truth?

**A:** Not a bit. It was created to cover the baby selling.

**Q:** (L) So she was taken by a baby selling ring, sold to some people along with a story made up to cover where they got the baby, and the mother never knew. And if she tries to look for her family by looking into any aspect of that story, she'll always reach nothing but a dead end because no part of it is true. Is that the bottom line?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, do you know and can you tell any information about where she might have been born? Or anything like that?

**A:** She would have to be present and ask those questions herself.

**Q:** (L) {name redacted} sent me an e-mail today about somebody who posted on AB's site, some crazy nonsense. But the problem was that this person had two pieces of information that kind of narrows the possibilities of who it could be. The first piece of information was that I have often defended {name redacted} in the mods' forum. And the second piece of information was that {name redacted} and I had discussed me asking the C's about the circumstances of her birth. Initially, I thought I might have said something about her being adopted. And I might have said yeah, I'm gonna ask the C's about it. I couldn't remember. So I went back and searched in the mods forum and even asked directly and discovered that I had never said either thing. I asked Anart earlier today, and she said I had never said anything to her about it. I think I may have mentioned once or twice here in the house about how I have to ask a question for {name redacted}, but the kind of question was never specified and wasn't written down. But I always forgot or was too tired before I could ask it. So it's not like it was any topic of discussion. So, how this person knew that, those two things... First of all, the person would have had to have been a mod, and second of all the person would have had to have had another source for the information that I had discussed with {name redacted} asking the C's about her birth, that is, {name redacted} herself. So my question is what's going on here?

**A:** Do not be surprised that {name redacted} is being played. She does have a heart and potential, and there are those in close proximity to her who keep her wound up and running like a mindless top.

**Q:** (L) Well, the question is, is something working through her?

**A:** As we have just described.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything we can do about it?

**A:** Not until she hits the wall which looks pretty imminent. There is an area of darkness around her heart.

**Q:** (Perceval) We don't have answer as to who the person is who posted on AB's site. It sounds like it's either a former forum member... (L) Is the person that is keeping her wound up the same person that we suspect is a former mod who is also in contact with {name redacted}?

**A:** No. There are several players here and do not necessarily know each other.

**Q:** (L) So that means some people could be playing her on one side, keeping her wound up. And then somebody else could be playing her on another side. So in other words... (Perceval) Is the person you're referring to who had posted pertinent and somewhat inside information on AB's forum, a former moderator from our forum?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Anart) Are the people who are working {name redacted} working her for a nefarious purpose related to us?

**A:** Yes and also to diminish her individual potential. Imagine a person with her talents who also "packed truths"?!

**Q:** (Anart) Is there anything we can do?

**A:** Not unless she asks… really asks.

**Q:** (L) Which reminds me... There's another question here. What is the nature and function of the human capacity for belief?

**A:** Automatic pattern recognition software run amok.

**Q:** (L) I'm really tired. Oh! What caused the ice tsunami to roll ashore at Mille Lacs Lake, Minnesota?

**A:** Proverbial "sheets of rain".

**Q:** (Perceval) They're proverbial now. We've talked about them that much. (Belibaste) Do you want to ask about Jesus? (L) No, I'm too tired. I'd have to go into detail, and I'm too tired for that. You wanted to ask a question or two? (Ark) Yes. It will be easy. What is the source of unexplained ultra-high energy cosmic rays that no one has an explanation for? They are impossible and they are coming to earth with such high energy that people cannot even invent the source.

**A:** Transdimensional i.e. dark matter.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let's ask about this magpie. Was there any symbolism in this poor dead magpie with a huge brain tumor?

**A:** Portent!

**Q:** (Perceval) Portent of buboes? (L) Was it personal, or was it global?

**A:** Localized.

**Q:** (L) You mean like localized like our ghosts and our guy that died up there in the car accident on the side of the road?

**A:** Similar. Keep a close eye on local news!

**Q:** (L) Well, you'd have to find somebody who is similar to a magpie, and who's probably gonna die. (Mr. Scott) What are the characteristics of magpies? (Athena) They're hoarders. (Andromeda) Hoarders, tricksters. (Belibaste) Somebody with a big brain tumor. They're gonna chop his head off!

**A:** Possible!

**Q:** (L) I'm gonna say goodnight and thank you.

**A:** Mucho gusto! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

Edited: Here's [the link](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,31526.0.html) for the French version

Here's [the link](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,31468.0.html) for the Spanish version