# 2013
## March 23, 2013
Laura, Ark, Belibaste, Perceval, Andromeda, PoB, Ailen, Data, Kniall, Mr. Scott

**Q:** (L) Today is March 23, 2013. Stormy day!

**A:** Just you wait! Real storms a'comin!

**Q:** (L) Do you mean here specifically?

**A:** And elsewhere.

**Q:** (L) That sounds ominous. (S) As in "sheets of rain"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well I noticed that there were so-called "floods of the millennium" in various places in Europe back in, what was it? 1997? When Hale-Bopp was flying around the sky. And now we have a couple of comets. We had Hale-Bopp and Hayakatuke at the same time, didn't we? There was something else, either before or after, or right along at that same time. Now we have a couple more comets. Is there any relationship between these comets and our weather?

**A:** And so much more!

**Q:** (L) You mean so much more influences our weather than just comets?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So Earth really isn't a closed system where it would be possible for... Well, I don't want to say that. It's just not a closed system and there are all kinds of things on Earth that are influenced by the solar system?

**A:** And more.

**Q:** (L) From outside the solar system... From the universe?

**A:** Yes. But scientists have been blinded by being led by the blind!

**Q:** (L) Hmm. So you say, "Scientists have been blinded by being led by the blind." Do you mean that...

**A:** When science is used for killing they have lost their honor and their way. Remember the parable of the talents. The man who was afraid and hid and hoarded? Then when the master came he was cast into darkness with the weepers and wailers. Thus shall it be yet again.

**Q:** (L) Well, we notice that the weather has really gone freaking crazy all over the planet. There are gigantic sink holes opening up in place after place. There are more and more creatures being washed up from the oceans on beaches by the thousands - or even millions, dead. (Andromeda) Storms, tornadoes. (L) Places were tornadoes don't usually happen. Migrations. What kind of migrations? (Kniall) Dolphins. (L) Oh, that incredible mass migration of dolphins. And wasn't there one of sharks, too? (Andromeda) That was last year, but yeah. (L) Creatures being found in strange places...

**A:** All stimulated by the approaching wave.

**Q:** (L) Stimulated by the approaching wave? They sense something, is that what you're saying?

**A:** No, the wave and its electrical and magnetic components affect the entire solar system thus, the Earth and certain geological events; this then can lead to mass deaths.

**Q:** (L) We forgot to ask who's with us tonight!

**A:** Pronoia.

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from?

**A:** Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Which reminds me... I was reading in this book about Greek religion by Walter Burkert that the term "paean" was used to describe to the type of songs that were sung in the worship of the god Apollo in the most ancient times. And Apollo was supposedly the Hyperborean god, and if my suppositions are correct, was also the god that was worshipped at Stonehenge. Any connection there?

**A:** Indeed.

**Q:** (L) Are you gonna say anything else?

**A:** Amazing things get discovered when you do your "homework".

**Q:** (L) Well, thanks a lot! (Ailen) That's a nice way of saying, "No dice!" (L) Okay, as you know, we had a wonderful little exploding comet fragment out there in Russia that did some serious damage and injured lots of people. I'm not glad that it injured lots of people, but I just think it was pretty interesting that this happened like within three days of our new book "Comets and The Horns of Moses" being released in hardcopy. So, I guess the first question is: Anything to tell us about the exploding comet fragment, or whatever they wanna call it? It could have an asteroid, or it could have a comet fragment, or whatever?

**A:** Denatured comet but who's counting?

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is that all you're gonna say?

**A:** Just wait for the next one! That one will be a doozie! And it has "friends!"

**Q:** (L) Can you give us a time estimate on that? (laughter) (Belibaste) And location? (L) Location, maybe? (Andromeda) Roughly? Ballpark figures? (Belibaste) Plus size?

**A:** We would have liked to arrange things so that it could have hit [birds start chirping a lot in the background] on the very day of the book release, however things just don't work that way in the STO reality. Thus, the same applies to predictions of future impacts.

**Q:** (L) That was a nice way of saying, "No dice!" So there is more out there that's coming, but you can't tell us exactly when, and the next one's gonna be a doozie; so we know that much. Are you saying you know that much?

**A:** Yes. Please put all former clues together for ballpark figure, keeping in mind that the universe is open thus there will always be variables.

**Q:** (L) Okay. (Andromeda) Past comet streams? (L) So in other words, if we factor in what we know from the science of, say, Victor Clube and Bill Napier, plus observations we make, plus historical records, etc. and signs, we can figure out that something is probably fairly imminent. That would be my best guess. My thought is that if we don't get a plague from this one that exploded over Russia, we will from the next one. That's my best guess.

**A:** Good guess!

**Q:** (L) Okay. What else? (Ailen) I can't hear a thing with the birds! (L) Hush up back there! (Mr. Scott) They were fine for awhile, and they all woke up. They're repeating letters and answers to each other. (L) Okay, what's our next topic? (PoB) One more question. Was there any connection between the Russian meteorite and the asteroid DA14?

**A:** Indeed. By the way, have you noticed how many "new" bodies are being discovered in the solar system?!?

**Q:** (L) I thought I heard something the other day about how Pluto now has more satellites. Acquiring them from... (PoB) Do they mean that they were parts of the same body?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (PoB) So it's a swarm. (L) They were friends! Next? (Belibaste) You know there was this place in Central Europe... A guy at his house, he got meteorites that fell on his house like five or six times. Is the cause a local anomaly in the electric charge of the Earth in this specific location?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Belibaste) Okay. Is it that locally, the place, is it more positive, or more negative than the asteroid or meteorite?

**A:** Neg

**Q:** (Belibaste) More negative. Okay. Can one individual, or several individuals, attract in a similar manner as this place, some cometary bodies?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Belibaste) Is it because their electric charge collectively or individually is modified?

**A:** Not only electric charge. In the realm from which some of these things are manifested or, better, "directed", information is king.

**Q:** (Belibaste) So if a group of individuals acquires, stores, information that is orthogonal to truth, i.e. lies, will this fact of acquiring information that is orthogonal to truth increase the attraction to meteorites or cometary bodies?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Belibaste) How does it work?

**A:** Other realm just mentioned... Gravity waves.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that gravity waves are a property of a different realm?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (Ark) Why I am spending so much time on quantum theory instead of gravity waves?

**A:** Get your book finished to open the new door!

**Q:** (Ark) A new door for me?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Next? (Andromeda) Do we want to ask about the boom that we heard? (L) On January 25th, I was in the kitchen when it happened. (Bubbles) I was in my room. (Ailen) I was in the salon. (PoB) I was in the office. (Andromeda) I was in my room because I thought somebody was in the attic. (L) When I heard it in the kitchen, I thought that somebody was in the mezzanine rooms above me. Everybody thought it was above them from wherever they were. (Ark) No, I was thinking it was somewhere downstairs, and I was in our office upstairs. (L) You thought it was below you? (Ailen) And Perceval and Kniall were in town, and they heard it, too. (PoB) And then I went outside, and it was heard from the back. (L) And PoB said she also heard some kind of humming sound, like a plane or something coming and going, fading in and out? (PoB) Mm-hmm. (L) So after the boom, she went outside and heard his humming sound fading in and out. So, was this one of our friendly neighborhood little comet fragment boomers in the upper atmosphere?

**A:** Yes! Are you surprised?

**Q:** (L) No! We were just checking. (Belibaste) Question about the car crash that happened next to our house. First, what was the cause of the accident?

**A:** Psychic barrier fluctuation.

**Q:** (L) Within the person who had the accident?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In the area where the accident was, or along that stretch of road?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So there's a psychic barrier of some sort there. (PoB) Does it have anything to do with the ghost? (L) Is that related to the ghost I saw? (Bubbles) The bicycle ghost? {Yes}

**A:** Partly, he uses it so to say.

**Q:** (Ailen) What kind of psychic barrier is it, and what caused the fluctuation. (Perceval) Well, what is a psychic barrier?

**A:** Clash point between densities due in part to your presence here.

**Q:** (L) Clash point between densities due in part to your presence here... (Belibaste) Is it like when it was said in a previous session, like in New Mexico there were partial transitions between 3rd and 4th densities...

**A:** Close. You see, there are those who would seek to block or harm you, and those who stand guard in an energetic sense which is close to the limit of permitted assistance at this point, though that may change along with conditions.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, this poor guy just got caught in the crossfire?

**A:** More or less, though his own frequency played a part.

**Q:** (Belibaste) Because his frequency was closer to the one who could potentially harm us. (Bubbles) He was a minion of Zod, more or less!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ailen) What caused this fluctuation in the psychic barrier?

**A:** Intensification of general planetary flux.

**Q:** (L) A surge in the electric cord! Next? (Andromeda) Do we want to ask anything about the new pope? (L) Nah. (Andromeda) {Consults list.} The last one then is do we want to ask about the confused sky the other day? (L) Oh yeah, we were driving home from the fabric store the other day, and as we were coming along, we saw every single kind of cloud in the sky. There were roll clouds to the southwest, there were high cirrus clouds, there were buttermilk-looking clouds, mare's tails, and then there was a really peculiar circular cloud that looked like a big oval smoke ring in the sky. (Andromeda) And it was in an area where it was raining and sunny at the same time. (L) It was pouring rain, the sun was shining, it was just the most bizarre thing. And every kind of cloud that is listed in cloud lists was in the sky all at the same time. It was bizarre. Any comment on our circular cloud and the other...?

**A:** Smoke ring, eh?

**Q:** (Andromeda) That's what I said! It looks like something had happened there in that area, because besides that smoke ring cloud, there was another cloud that almost had like a hole in it. This one was one that was more like a ring, and then by it was one that had the circular thing.

**A:** Punched from upper atmosphere air burst.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is that what most of those hole-punch clouds are?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Those have been around for like decades. (Kniall) It's literally a smoke ring. (L) But coming from the other direction. (Perceval) And they come up with all sorts of fancy explanations for how they form that have nothing to do with the actual cause. (L) Anybody got anything else that's really pressing? (Bubbles) Do we want to ask any questions about iron? (Ailen) Hemochromatosis? (L) Well, I thought we were gonna wait for the tests and stuff, but I guess we should ask. Bubble's iron is pretty high, and there's the possibility she could be afflicted with hemochromatosis, which is what my grandfather had. (Bubbles) You wanted to ask what the significance is of having high iron?

**A:** Survival under specific circumstances.

**Q:** (Perceval) So it could be a hereditary thing that was provoked in the past when there was plague.

**A:** It can also arise spontaneously.

**Q:** (L) So it's not always genetic? (Ailen) What about these specific circumstances? (Bubbles) Is it like a defense mechanism?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Bubbles) A defense against what?

**A:** Breaching the barriers. Your psyche feels in need of greater defense.

**Q:** (L) Okay, anything else? (Ailen) Do we want to ask about those cops that came, or not? (L) What's there to ask? It's so petty. (Perceval) It's so transparent as well. You called B\_\_\_\_ out when she got the letter, so she was like, "I'm gonna call her out to the gate!" (laughter) (Belibaste) What was the name of our ghost? Was it Michael?

**A:** It is mostly a replay. So no need of a name.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So it's not really like a ghost or spirit. It's a replay like a recording. (L) Funny that it happened along that drive, where the water flows. (Perceval) Lethbridge.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Oh, did we ever ask about Scipio? (Belibaste) Yes, we did. (Ailen) Yes, and they said you have to look back through the transcripts. (Belibaste) You are the only one with the key. (L) Alright, I better get back to work then! If nobody else has anything else, I think we'll just ask if there are any words of wisdom or encouragement for people?

**A:** Those who wish to participate in the future should "be prepared" like the wise virgins.

**Q:** (L) Alright then. So, I guess we say good night because I am really, really tired.

**A:** See/C you soon!

**Q:** (Andromeda) Who are the wise virgins? What are they talking about. (L) Story in the bible. Wise and foolish virgins. It's funny that they make these biblical references. I'm coming more and more to the conviction that most of what's in the bible was borrowed by some desert tribes that got civilized and called themselves Jews, borrowed from other cultures. So, it's funny that some people, if they've decided that the whole Yahweh/Jesus thing is not their cup of tea, they throw the whole thing out. They throw the baby out with the bath water. When in fact, if they could get past the idea that all of this isn't focused around some primitive tribal god from the hill country of Judea, but rather this was or this is the main mode of transmission of some very, very ancient stories that would otherwise have been lost if the Jews hadn't stolen and adapted it for their own uses. And it takes a very clever person, a good analyst to read them and understand where they really may have come from.

END OF SESSION

