## May 17, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, Possibility of Being, Data, Scottie, Kniall, Mr. Scott, Alana

Joining via Skype:

Nicolas, Aleana, Horseofadifferentcolor

**Q:** [Introductions] (L) Hello.

**A:** Hello. Xopvila of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I'm going to start the discussion with what's on my mind. Actually, there are two things. The first thing is that I noticed that after the last session, a lot of people discussing it in the forum thread volunteered information about what they were doing to help to do this, to do that, and the other thing. We had the impression here that when the information came through that a person must put another on the step behind them, that that meant directly in terms of the Work... That it had to be someone on the ladder, or on the stairway, or on the path so to speak. So, could you clarify that? Is that, in fact, what was meant? That you meant somebody who was really asking and engaged in working on themselves, etc?

**A:** More than that, it means that total engagement in energy exchange with the network. If a person benefits from the efforts of others and there is no return energy, there will be blocks of all sorts in their lives.

**Q:** (L) Okay, when you say, "There will be blocks of all sorts in their lives"... Blocks of what kind?

**A:** The blocks will reflect what it is that they are unable to give. If a person cannot be sincere, they will experience people in their personal lives who are not sincere with them. If a person devalues another's efforts, they will find their own efforts devalued. If you need to unblock a certain area of your life, make the effort to give what you want or need yourself.

**Q:** (L) But are you talking particularly about people engaged in the Work, or just anybody in general?

**A:** Anybody, but double in the work.

**Q:** (L) Okay, does this line of questioning inspire any questions in ya'll? Can you think of anything else to ask on this topic?

(Nicolas) This applies in the forum more than it would personally since we're not really interacting with too many people with the Work physically?

**A:** There are many avenues to interact in the work!!!

**Q:** [Discussion of letters and misspellings] (L) Just in case ya'll wonder, I'm messing up with calling out letters tonight for some reason.

(Andromeda) Tired.

(L) Yeah. We're going to try to synchronize here a little bit better. I need more tobacco. Okay, so you were saying that you don't how to interact with the Work because you're not physically present. And they said, "There are many ways..." and I would assume that means on the forum and with giving and doing and working on projects and so forth. Whatever's available in small ways, I think, for the moment. And then that opens the door for more direct interaction with others on "the path", I would think.

(Aleana) What about in your daily life? I mean, even if it's just talking about health issues with people... I mean, not forcing on it on them, but just putting things out there just to see what responses you get? Or is it more just confine it to the forum and work as much as you can on SOTT and the forum?

**A:** The latter is very important in terms of balancing energy you have received. But you can also extend assistance to those around you if they are asking.

**Q:** (L) Anything else? Is there anything else we need on this topic?

(Chu) No, I mean, I think what they're saying is for example if you're disrespectful to people outside, or you devalue them or whatever, you're also not applying the Work principles. You have to be strategic.

(L) Yeah, external considering and all that.

(Chu) Yeah.

(L) Okay, anything else on that?

**A:** Many people are not fully aware of the amount of labor that goes and has gone into this network. For this reason they tend not to value lifetimes of work that go into presenting the fundamental lessons of your reality. And, if they do not see the value and return adequate energy, they find blocks in their path.

**Q:** (L) Alright, that's enough on that. I mean, is there anything else you want to say about it? I mean, I kinda get it.

**A:** Okay! But will readers "get it"?

**Q:** (L) Well, I dunno. I suppose we'll find out! Okay, next thing that's on my mind: This afternoon I was responding to a post on the forum and the post was in the Political Ponerology book thread. As I was writing, it suddenly occurred to me that a problem that has been occupying my mind for many years suddenly became clear. The answer became clear. And the problem was this issue of communism vs. socialism vs. capitalism; the issue of which is best? Because of course I grew up in a capitalist system, but I see all the terrible things about it that have come to pass. I live now in a country that is largely socialist, and I see a lot of problems that exist in socialism. I've read a great deal about communistic systems, and I see that what happened in the communist countries didn't turn out too well. And I've read a lot of sociology, and I understand that without some kind of communism, early man would not have survived and evolved, so there's a problem with how it was done in those communist countries. Even the early "Jesus people" practiced a form of communism, though fundies nowadays seem to have forgotten that. So, I've had this ongoing thing in my mind: Which part of which system to take and put together to make a so to say as close to perfect, benevolent system of economics and law that would serve humanity in the best way.

And it suddenly was clear to me that it depends on scale. I thought that what you need is at the family tribal level - and I say more tribal because it's like extended family, close friends, etc. and people who are bound to each other by bonds of friendship and affection - should function in the communistic pattern.

The next level would be the local community, or the town or whatever, which should function at the capitalistic level. Let's face it, there are things about capitalism that are very useful. People can go out from their homes and they make money for their families by work, there can be shops or factories or whatever that produce products that are then traded or bought/sold with other shops; then communities buy or sell or exchange with other communities, import, export, etc. The members of a family/tribe that work make money, bring it home and share equally all around, and several members of a family can work and take care of the whole family, including children, elderly, disabled.

So we've got communism at the family level or the tribal level, capitalism at the community level where communities interact with other communities, and then at the higher government level it should be socialism because then socialism can be a policy-making body. It should be a body that collects a certain amount of funds in the form of a wealth tax and a small poll tax to ensure that everybody has free water, electricity, healthcare, that there are roads, that there is garbage collection, clean air, clean water... In other words, if the wealth tax and poll tax goes to an overarching government, then that government would provide these services to all the communities. And also, there would be local militias supported by these collected funds. So it seems to me that if you have these three different systems operating at different levels – the three scales - I mean, does anybody see any flaw in this?

(Nicholas) I'm glad you brought it up because it's been on my mind for quite some time. How can we find the solution for society to live since we're trying to lead the way to a new formation. I'm really happy you brought that idea up, and it sounds pretty interesting.

(Chu) Well, the only problem I see is if the clans or tribes, if some of them are all pathological... So you have tribes that are honest, communistic, but you have the pathological tribe, and when they go into the capitalistic system, are they going to try to destroy the others?

(Perceval) Well, we were talking about it earlier, and we said that it doesn't matter what "ism" you come up with; if you have pathology and psychopathy involved, then it doesn't matter. It's gone, it's corrupted.

(L) It's going to spoil it. Obviously, I think there would have to be a way worked into this where pathology could be weeded out by tribes even. An individual tribe would find a pathological individual within their group members and they would need to take care of that. But as Chu said, if the whole tribe is pathological, then they would begin to corrupt things at the capitalist level, which is very possible. But anyhow, I thought that this was kind of a clever solution, and then it was funny because after I talked to Joe about it, I thought, "Ya know, gee! how did I get that answer that just suddenly popped into my head when I was writing something?" It just was really cool.

**A:** We have said long ago that "we are you in the future". That future is manifesting more strongly as a result of the increased frequency of communications. You begin to "tune in" several hours before sitting down to "chat". Also, be aware that this increase of time spent communicating is deepening and widening the conduit. Additionally, the "guests" add an extra dimension and strengthen the network around the planet.

**Q:** (Horseofadifferentcolor) See, we were talking about that today. All of us wrote down a bunch of questions for ya'll. And as we wrote them down, some of the things that we've been contemplating for years just became completely clear. And we were wondering if we were kind of syncing into you, or kind of where that was coming from?

**A:** An example of what we mean!!

**Q:** (L) They're saying that what you just said is an example of what they meant in the previous answer about tuning in when the session is imminent. I guess it works for everyone as we continue to "groove".

(Horseofadifferentcolor) Oh, okay.

(Aleana) Because it was like days ahead of time; I was feeling really blocked, and I couldn't push through it. And I just let the feelings come up, and then suddenly I like broke through it. I posted a few things on the forum and it didn't feel false. It felt like it was coming easily, and that I would move through it. So I dunno if it was the energy of them coming through, or whether just feeling the feelings was like, "Okay, I'm feeling them, but now I'm moving through it." Like I had to let the emotion come up, or... I wasn't sure if it was some of both, or which it was.

**A:** This will happen more frequently, and for more attendees of these communications. Let's just hope that the proper value is placed on this effort so that it can continue!

**Q:** (L) Okay. Now, ya'll said you had formulated some questions. You also said some of them were already answered. But were there any that were not that you would like to ask?

(Nicholas) I have one. The Cassiopaeans talked about the idea that they would be transitioning through another constellation for transmitting. I dunno if it's happened yet. I think it was Leo or something like that?

**A:** In process, wait for more!

**Q:** (L) I think, "wait for more" means wait for some kind of news or information that will make that clear. If there was a supernova or something in, say, Leo, it could affect them and us superluminally, but we would not yet see it for a while. Or, any other place where there may be one... We could be getting the effects of it through the communication before there is a visual confirmation. Assuming that we're communicating superluminally, I think. That's just my theory. Is that theory close?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Another question?

(Horseofadifferentcolor) I was kind of curious about Ukraine: the Cs once said in the past that Nazi Germany was a test run for everything that is happening today. Since the Nazis are kind of back in action over there, I was wondering if this is a continuation of what that was, or if it's just the US and their greed and their normal games? Or if there was something different about this Ukraine issue?

**A:** A combination. There has long been survival of Nazi ideology in various places. It has been encouraged by similar forces in the USA and Israel.

**Q:** (Horseofadifferentcolor) I have a personal question if that's alright.

(L) Go for it.

(Horseofadifferentcolor) My grandparents passed away recently, and I was just hoping they made it to where they need to go.

**A:** There is some hesitancy on their parts, you can reassure them and encourage a proper transition.

**Q:** (Horseofadifferentcolor) Are they staying here because of me?

**A:** Partly, that is why you should give reassurance.

**Q:** (Horseofadifferentcolor) Thank you.

(Nicholas) I have a question about Gabor Mate's use of ayahuasca. Seems like he's pretty responsible and he may be onto something that seems to help. I was just curious if what he's doing is viable?

**A:** He works with fairly desperate cases and situations, including his own. Thus the use of plant substances, as he does, can be likened to desperate measures when nothing else works or when time is of the essence. In some cases, as with using aspirin to break the cycle of pain, such things can be used once to break such a feedback loop and not be needed again. It can be rather like a "reset". But, be aware that true spiritual growth is not achieved this way. But if one simply needs a "reset" to normalize, this sort of thing may be beneficial.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Okay, I think we're going to have time for one more maybe.

(Mr.Scott) One with a short answer...

(Aleana) Yes or no!

(L) I'm kind of whupped out here.

(Nicholas) I have kind of a personal question here, about how to maximize my FOTCM donations. I have an investment in the stock market that's not doing very well, and I'm wondering I should just bail out now or should I be patient and hope for some better returns?

**A:** The future for stocks is not very good.

**Q:** (Aleana) Is that in the near term, or is there a timing...?

**A:** 11 months.

**Q:** (Nicholas) I'm shorting the market, so I'm wondering if that's a good position to be in.

(L) You never know.

(Aleana) In one of the recent sessions, they said we should not keep our money in accounts. We should start buying useful things. If you've got something in a retirement account, is there a time limit? I'm thinking about retiring soon, and it's like I want to have something to live on, so should I just like pull it out, or? It's in money market, but I don't know what the timing is.

(Horseofadifferentcolor) Buy a bunch of toilet paper with your retirement? (laughter)

**A:** It isn't just "buying a bunch of toilet paper". The best investments would be into getting a community going.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, because then if you're in the community, if you can't work or there are other people who can, there are younger people... Because communities should be made of all age ranges and different skills so that if there's somebody who is sick or disabled or elderly, they're part of the community, they've invested in it, and they are taken care of.

(Aleana) Well, that's my plan, because I want to be a part of the North Carolina community. But I want to come with something, but if I should pull it out and invest it all in the community and do whatever we need and not worry about having money for the future, that's fine.

(L) Yeah, because... Well, let's ask that. How do you want to ask it?

(Aleana) I was thinking about paying off my car and taking the rest of it and investing it in the house and then if I get social security, great, but if not I can work. I'm not real sure about how to say that. I mean, is that a good plan?

**A:** Very good in fact because there will soon be no money. Notice that banks are already making gestures toward confiscating funds.

**Q:** (L) Yeah. And that's true, they are.

(Perceval) There was a story in the news recently about in the UK that the government wanted to pass a law saying that the government could take money out of people's bank accounts if they hadn't paid their taxes. And of course, there are all of these big corporations that pay no taxes whatsoever, and the government doesn't care or even see that was money owing to them. But they're focusing on the ordinary little people who owe a couple of grand in taxes, and they're trying to get to the point where they can take...

**A:** That is a "gesture". It will become more blatant much faster. The advantage of community is that it can be done under corporation law and that is much less likely to be dismantled because it is the legal protection that the elite use.

**Q:** (Perceval) The point being that it's a good idea to put your money into corporations these days.

(Mr.Scott) But not the stock market.

(Perceval) Not the corporations you might think of! There are a few unique corporations in the USA... (laughter) Actually, there are only two...

(Chu) But what about owning stuff but thanks to a bank loan? People who make a loan from a bank? Is that such a good idea if they're gonna start...

(Perceval) If it's secured against...

(Chu) They'll take your house, so...

(Perceval) A mortgage, for example.

(Chu) People who have mortgages are not in a much better position. You have to come up with the funds yourself.

(Perceval) Like Aleana was saying, she has a retirement fund or a lump sum, it shouldn't be sitting in a bank or in stocks because they're gonna loot that.

(Chu) But when you borrow money, you're not putting money straight up, but you're still tied up to the bank.

(L) Then you make your payments. You be prepared to be able to pay it. If you borrow money, you make sure that you're gonna be able to make the payments one way or another, I would say.

(Perceval) Only problem is that in a kind of a crisis situation, you have massive inflation and stuff. Who knows what would happen.

(L) Well, another thing is if you've invested in a property and a place to live and stuff... "Stuff" is always useful. And that's where even if things got really rough, you could probably sell stuff or trade stuff, or services or activities or do some kind of work or something and get the money to pay your bank loan - assuming you had a bank loan.

(Andromeda) Also, if that's the only option you have in order to get a place, then...

(L) I think that they'll go after property law much later if at all. They don't want to go after property law either because that's another thing that the elite use: property law.

(Perceval) They own half the country.

(L) There are two things operative here: corporation law, if you have a corporation - and I think that's one of the things that has protected us in a large sense because we started with a corporation and we have attorneys. They don't want to go after us. Even our fiscal audit, they backed down because it's American corporate law. Just backed off! You cry, "Corporation! Tax Treaty!" and they just take their hands off. Because they do not want to set a precedent that would screw THEM over if it was used against them. Of course, American law is very much precedent oriented. And if somebody goes into the court and says here's this obvious precedent, this happened in blah blah case, then they're screwed. These are kind of things we don't talk about very much in public. We have the corporations, we do tax returns, we go through the whole nine yards. Everything to make the tax man/corporate man happy, and they don't bother us at that level. The French really stepped in it when they launched an audit.

(Perceval) The thing is, it's really a bad idea for anybody to have money in stocks right now. Probably everybody's been burned in the stock market. The way it works is they want ordinary people to their money into stocks so that they [the elites] can get rich. The elites invest in stocks as well, but they invest a load of money, the price rises, and then they invest again on short sells because they know it's gonna drop because they're gonna pull all their stocks out ten days later. It's totally rigged in favor of them.

(L) Nicholas, are you invested in short sells?

(Nicholas) Yeah, it's a VXX index, which is short the market. So, if the market goes down, then my stock will go up.

(L) Well, then maybe you better leave it there for a while.

(Nicholas) Yeah, I might. Be patient!

(L) Yeah, I think so. If you're invested in shorts, keep it. Alright, any last questions?

(Aleana) Did you get the paper plate holders?

(L) Oh YES! And we are so thankful for them! (Andromeda) We've already use them. Twice! It hasn't been very good weather yet, so we've only eaten outside twice. (L) Yeah, you noticed I'm wearing a sweater. (Aleana) Yeah, it's hot here. (Horseofadifferentcolor) One day last week it got cold, and I had to break out a hoodie in May. It was really rare. (Aleana) Yeah, it went down to 45 F last week. (L) That's about what it is every night here. (Nicholas) I can't wait! (laughter)

(L) Well, we'll keep ya'll posted on everything. So, let's say goodnight and sayonara because I'm about whupped here.

(Aleana) Yeah, I can see that now. Just transcribing this, it's tiring!

(Horseofadifferentcolor) It's really amazing to see, so thank you do much!

(Aleana) This was wonderful!

(Nicholas) Thank you!

[kisses to everybody, goodnights, goodbyes]

**Q:** (L) I guess we're gonna say goodnight unless you have anything you wanna say to us personally.

**A:** Good show! Goodbye.

(L) That was kind of weird... (Andromeda) It felt like there was a LOT of energy, like they had a lot to say. But that maybe we were just too tired to keep up with it!

END OF SESSION

