## August 30, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, PoB, Chu, Kniall, Data, Breton, parallel, thorbiorn, Prodigal Son, Mr. Scott, Approaching Infinity, Alana, Timótheos

Joining via Skype from UK: Treesparrow, Redfox, Alada, Theseus, lindenlea, Anam Cara, zenith, Carlisle, Windmill Knight

[Introductions, hellos, and attempt to adjust volume which was really, really low throughout the session. UK group sounded like they were in a submarine.]

**Q:** (L) Let's see if we get any action here tonight. This is August 30th 2014. We've got 9 people in the UK group, and 16 here. I guess I should ask if anybody's there instead of falling asleep. I was falling asleep, sorry!

**A:** Sweet dreams of Cassiopaea!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Hoeloniaea

**Q:** (L) Who comes up with these names? (laughter) What are these names?

**A:** Vibrational transducers.

**Q:** (L) I see. Ask your first question because I'm just, kind of, ya know... here.

(Carlisle) [barely audible] Who was behind the recent hacking of Sott.net?

**A:** Elements of special cyberwarfare Homeland Security.

**Q:** (L) Did that make any sense? Hmm. Alright, next?

(Carlisle) Why did they choose to do it now?

**A:** Your recent activation of truth brigade.

**Q:** (Perceval) Next question?

(Carlisle) What was the strange lights or orange glow in or over the Pacific?

(Perceval) The Kamchatka thing.

**A:** Plasma glow produced by earth movement and subterranean stress.

**Q:** (Perceval) Was it under the water, or above the water in the air?

**A:** In the atmosphere between layers of charge.

**Q:** (Alada) We have some questions on Ebola. In a previous session, it was mentioned that Ebola was a plan. If that's the case, was there a specific genetic group that was a target of this plan?

**A:** It was not said that Ebola per se was planned, but rather that plans for decimation of population via pathogens was. Ebola happened to present an opportunity.

**Q:** (Chu) Yeah, that's when they talked about Frankenstein.

**A:** It can always be worse!

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Well, that's comforting.

(Alada) There was also the comment in a previous session that they may have a Frankenstein on their hands. Does that imply that it's out of control now, and it can potentially kill its creator?

**A:** Yes, more or less. They are not as smart as they think they are, and there are always hidden factors unaccounted for.

**Q:** (Alada) Another Ebola question: Are the false test results that were being given, is that because the virus is mutating so quickly?

**A:** It doesn't always show up as they would like. That is actually typical for many conditions, however modern medical practitioners are rather attached to their tech and gadgets.

**Q:** (L) Well yeah, we know that. Remember when Sebastian had ehrlichiosis and they didn't find it in his blood test?

(Theseus) A lot of this is profit-related.

(Alada) It's so prominent, and in the news all the time. Is it all for profit?

(L) Just think of V for Vendetta. In the movie, they created the disease, used it to terrify people, and then they got wealthy on providing the cure, were able to impose a totalitarian regime, over the world, ... It's almost word for word the same scenario. Look at all those pharmaceutical companies... And I bet they'll come out with diets where the people will be encouraged to eat more grains and sugar and take their pills.

(Andromeda) They can be quarantined.

(L) Look at all the gadgets they're going to have to buy. Look at all the supplies they'll have to lay in to survive this. It's a bonanza!

(Chu) How many people are actually infected with Ebola?

**A:** 3200 and rising.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's about what they say.

(L) Yeah, but if you think 3200 people, and each one can infect five (or more) other people, and then each of those five can infect even more...

(Pierre) It can be exponential.

(L) Three thousand infected right now is scary in terms of where it could go.

(Andromeda) Especially if they're scattered.

(Perceval) They're not being covert about it. What they probably want to do is vaccinate everybody.

(L) Assuming they have a vaccine.

(Perceval) They have one that works in monkeys.

(Andromeda) They're developing one that's supposed to be out in September.

(Pierre) Yeah, but look at HIV. For years, they've been saying they have a vaccine coming. Actually, they came up with these therapies so these people are popping 20, 30, 40 pills a day and paying a fortune to do so.

(L) Do they really have a vaccine in the pipeline for this?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Pierre) But they promise, ya know?

(L) Alright. Carry on.

(Anam Cara) Is there a Chinese Putin who's waiting to make his move on the geopolitical stage?

(Perceval) Ah, Pu Ting! (laughter)

**A:** Not likely.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) You don't need a Chinese Putin when you've got a Putin Putin.

(L) When you've got Putin in Russia, what do you need a Chinese Putin for?

(Perceval) You've got a rootin-tootin' Putin! (laughter)

(Alada) Well, China is so big, but it's so relatively quiet...

**A:** Still waters run deep and strong. The USA and allies are in for a rude and painful awakening.

**Q:** (Perceval) All that's going on are hollow threats and blustering, and it has no effect. Which means the people they're directing it at are not threatened because they know that it's hollow. They know they can pull the rug out from under the US empire's feet whenever they want, really. The US has become so dependent on China.

(L) Next?

(Anam Cara) With the elevated US and European terror threat levels, and the NATO summit happening next week, is there a false flag terror attack imminent?

**A:** Good chance! After all, that is their raison d'être.

**Q:** (L) They were searching for the proper punctuation and the French "ê"! (laughter)

(Perceval) Seems to me that it's more likely that they'll do something like that because of the whole Putin thing. They wouldn't have done it if Putin hadn't arrived on the scene. With Putin coming in, it's to get people back in line because of Putin's actions.

(Andromeda) A reminder.

(Windmill Knight) There was talk about the need for a "Rapid Reaction Force", and the EU is saying they're putting together a force of 10,000 from the EU countries to protect NATO countries. So is there any chance of direct NATO intervention in Ukraine against Russia?

**A:** That action may be preempted by upcoming events.

**Q:** (Pierre) Cosmic events?

(Perceval) By upcoming events like what? What do you mean? That's such a...

(Andromeda) Do tell!

**A:** Wait and see! Admit that it is better than a cliffhanger adventure movie!

**Q:** (Perceval) Yeah, it is.

(Andromeda) Will it be soon?

**A:** Relatively.

**Q:** (L) Relative to what? (laughter)

(Chu) That makes it clear.

(L) We are SO enlightened by that answer! (laughter)

(Pierre) So, there will be a big event relatively soon. Okay...

(L) Coming soon to a theater near you!

**A:** Indeed! Reference questions about "space invasion" and just change the parameters and players.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, not aliens in ships, but microbes on rocks. Space invasion.

(L) Could be, yeah. And they would come as the US is trying to do some kind of fake invasion or false flag stuff. Is that what we're talking about here? That when the Western Consortium-type government tries to take over the world with their faked invasion, that's when everything is going to go kaflooey?

**A:** More or less. You will see!

**Q:** (Pierre) That will be exciting, eh?

(Perceval) You got any more questions?

(Carlisle) What was the cause of the recent fish die-offs off of the UK coastline?

**A:** Methane.

**Q:** (Carlisle) We've seen a reduction in fireball sightings in the last few months. What's the cause of the decline?

**A:** The passage through preliminary cluster, pause, then larger and denser cluster. These bodies tend to be clustered due to both breakup proximity and gravity.

**Q:** (Carlisle) In the last session, you mentioned cold protocols as an aid to help fight off Ebola and strengthen the immune system. We were wondering what kind of temperature, duration, and frequency of cold exposure is optimal for this?

**A:** Ten to fifteen C, and same number of minutes. Daily is best initially, but four times weekly for maintenance. The approach can be gradual.

**Q:** (Andromeda) God...

(L) That's not so bad.

(Pierre) It's not that at 16 or 17 C you have no more effect.

(L) Yeah, they said "optimal". Yeah...

(Andromeda) Yeah, we're not overachievers around here for sure! (laughter)

(Mr. Scott) So, 30 C or 25 degrees C? (laughter)

(Pierre) I knew you were going to go there!

(Chu) They said initially. Initially could be the first day. (laughter)

(L) No! They didn't mean the first day. Okay, just to answer that question, how long do you have to do it every day at those low temperatures to really get the benefit?

**A:** 2 to 3 weeks.

**Q:** (L) So, for 2 to 3 weeks you have to do it every day, and then after that it's 4 times a week. That would be more or less every other day.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So you could have days when you torture yourself, and days when you don't! (laughter) Good lord, that's cold!

(Pierre) 10 is cold.

(L) Is 10 actually the most optimal?

(Pierre) Don't answer this question!

**A:** For some. Others experience the benefits at a higher temp.

(Perceval) Has it anything to with, for example, the quantity of...

(Mr. Scott) Your bypassing the obvious next question which no one wants answered, because everyone wants to assume that they are one of those people who can benefit at a higher temperature. (laughter)

(Perceval) No, my question is since I don't have quite so much protection on my bones... (laughter) ...I therefore feel the cold more quickly. The cold penetrates more quickly and works its magic on me more quickly.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) For you, optimal temperature is 28. (laughter)

(Perceval) Okay, that's all I needed to know. I'll make the rest up as I go along.

(Mr. Scott) You can still do... I mean, I've taken showers at 15 and it was okay.

(Perceval) Yeah, you build yourself up. If you're kind of shaking for an hour afterwards, that's too much too soon.

(L) I think the clue to whether you're getting the benefit is how quickly you start shivering. It's kind of like the infrared saunas: the clue to how well you are receiving the benefits is how quickly you start sweating. So, I think in the cold therapy, how quickly you start shivering is the indicator. That shiver response is activating some stuff in the body. Am I right about that? That's my theory.

**A:** Close enough!

**Q:** (L) Alright. So, see? I'm close.

(Perceval) Okay, but that's thirty seconds.

(Chu) Yeah! In the bathtub, I'm done in thirty seconds!

(Perceval) I think you have to get used to the cold temperatures. Stay there until you're not freaking out anymore, and you can bear it and you've stopped breathing heavily. And then afterwards, you find the temperature where you don't shiver for hours afterwards. I think you have to go through that initial, "Oh my god, this is crazy!"

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** (Perceval) Makes sense. The approach can be gradual.

(Windmill Knight) In the context of the spirit release therapy, when Heather was seeing past lives and workers and fallen angels, I'm wondering how literal were those things, or were they metaphoric?

**A:** Metaphoric.

**Q:** (Treesparrow) What's the cause or causes behind the recent rise in strange and abnormal animal behavior?

(L) Okay, that's a good one.

(Andromeda) Yeah!

**A:** EM frequency changes affecting DNA and neurochemistry. Also these factors can affect spiritual factors in the animal kingdom. One additional note is advised: Creatures can act as hosts or receptacles for "spirit entities".

**Q:** (L) So, if there's a demon out there that has it in for somebody, they can use an animal to attack that person. Is that kind of it?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Pierre) Castaneda talked about that.

(L) He did?

(Pierre) Yeah, he talked about "special animals" that had special spirits.

(Perceval) Is that particularly strong at this time because of the EM frequency changes affecting DNA?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) So certain spirits can get a certain hold because the DNA is evolving maybe.

(L) Chupacabras, yes!

(Alada) There was apparently an electromagnetic storm, but there wasn't any related CME or plasma release to seemingly cause this, but there was a weakening of the Earth's shield. What caused this suddenly weakening of Earth's shield?

**A:** Surge of energy between sun and companion. This reduced the electrical flow to earth, thus weakening the field and increasing the flow of cosmic rays.

**Q:** (Alada) Is there a similar effect on a human scale that weakens us, maybe against this virus activity?

**A:** Oh indeed!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay, one more. I'm getting tired.

(Carlisle) You mentioned in the last session that Putin is part of the same soul group as Caesar. We want to know how many people currently alive are part of this soul group, and if possible could you name any names? (laughter)

**A:** No and no. A soul group doesn't work quite that way.

**Q:** (L) Now you HAD to do that! Open a can of worms!

(Perceval) The question is: How does a soul group work?

(L) We'll come back to that question in another session, because I'm tired. Okay, any emergency question ya'll have? We're going to shut down. Okay, good night, ya'll take care, do some karaoke, party hearty, and take cold showers!

(Pierre) 10 degrees!

(Perceval) Tickety-boo!

[Thank yous and Goodbyes]

**Q:** (L) Okay, we're going to shut down I think unless anybody here has a pressing question?

(Andromeda) I don't have a pressing one, but I have a non-current event one. These Dorset people, the Paleo-Eskimos that disappeared 700 years ago... Apparently, they were an isolated genetic group for about 4000 years – they inbred and didn't out-breed; then they disappeared all of a sudden. What happened to them?

**A:** Check the strong signal in the ice cores. Think of a blast of cold that was not survivable.

**Q:** (Perceval) "The Day After Tomorrow"...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Then I think that's enough for tonight. Why am I SO tired?

(Perceval) It's the solar activity... Your shield is down.

(L) Why am I so tired? I'm just...

**A:** Changing DNA. Get more rest.

**Q:** (L) Is it a permanent thing? Am I just getting freaking old? I mean, "changing DNA"... Getting old! (laughter)

**A:** No! You will be happy with the results. Continue the protocol. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

