## September 20, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Noko the WonderDog, PoB, Chu, Kniall, Data, parallel, Breton, Prodigal Son, Windmill Knight, Mr. Scott, Approaching Infinity, Alana, Timótheos, Rabelais

[NOTE: The volume of the digital session recording was really, really low - which is highly unusual]

**Q:** (L) This is 20 September, 2014. Tomorrow is the equinox. The end of summer, and the beginning of autumn... [Review of those present] Alright, let's see if anything is gonna happen tonight with me feeling so crappy. Is anybody in there, out there, wherever?

**A:** Ileaghona of Cassiopaea source present. Energies are difficult due to global EM patternings at this "time".

**Q:** (L) I guess the obvious question is to ask: Why?

**A:** Widespread suffering prewave approaches.

**Q:** (Pierre) So it's the suffering of human beings that has an influence on the global EM pattern?

**A:** Yes. When the levels rise, balancing will begin in earnest.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that it's almost necessary for suffering to be even more widespread than it is for the changes to come?

**A:** Indeed, humanity will finally be united.

**Q:** (Perceval) Finally united in suffering?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's the only kind of unity possible? Great!

**A:** No, not the only kind possible.

**Q:** (L) In theory. But people can't get together because of all the problems we know about. So if they can't get together that way, they get together another way...

(Pierre) Yeah, if they can't get together in a positive way, like cooperating and working together, then they can get together the negative way.

(Perceval) They suffer together because of their ignorance.

(L) Well that was totally depressing! Is there any good news? (laughter)

**A:** Sure! Karma gets its day too! Review session re: Triple cycle rhythms on a cosmic scale.

**Q:** (L) If I remember correctly, there was something said like when something comes... What do they call those things? Those cycles? Biorhythms! They said something about a triple bad day if you're John D. Rockefeller, and a good day if you're Mahatma Gandhi. Is that what you were referring to?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) That's good news, then.

(L) Well... I noticed that Obama is planning to arm rebels who will undoubtedly hand their arms to the evil rebels. He says he's only gonna arm the good rebels. He's arming rebels in Syria. He refused to arm the rebels in Ukraine... Now France has joined the fray.

**A:** Karma will be a you know what!

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) They almost used a bad word. It must be big!

(L) Anybody got anything in particular?

(Perceval) Was there any vote fraud in the Scottish vote for independence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Kniall) Did they rig it for "No"?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) What was the real percentage of "Yes for Independence" votes?

**A:** 73%

**Q:** [All in unison: "WOW!"]

(Pierre) That's terrible.

(Perceval) This is my Surprised Face...

(Chu) We suspected more than 70%. We were talking about it today.

(Pierre) I have another question if we can change topic. There is this French scientist who discovered those Paleolithic pestles made of rock. For decades they thought they were used to crush seeds or whatever. By chance, he dropped one - and he's a musician - and he found that it sounded good when it hit the ground. So, he started to analyze all these pestles. He found that each of them was tuned. Each of them generated a perfect note. Now their hypothesis is that the pestles weren't pestles, but a musical instrument. Are these pestles only used as musical instruments?

**A:** No, not even close. Healing tones produced when struck in correct sequence and combination.

**Q:** (Pierre) So it means some kind of music? Perfect tunes? If you play the right notes in the right sequence... And the right combination... Music can be healing.

**A:** Important that the tone is accompanied by subtones and frequencies that are natural to the stone and "speak" to the cells in the body.

**Q:** (L) So I guess you can't just play the music.

(Pierre) No, it's more elaborate than that. But it means a great amount of knowledge...

**A:** Notice the specific stones chosen for Stonehenge.

**Q:** (Perceval) What are they made of?

(L) Blue stones, and something else... Several kinds. Alright. Next?

(Approaching Infinity) At the last session, a question was asked about Soul Groups, and who of Caesar's soul group was still alive. The C's responded something like, "soul groups don't work that way"? So how do soul groups work?

(L) I think you need a more basic question than that. What is a soul group?

**A:** A soul group is an affiliation that can be due to origin or graduation.

**Q:** (L) You mean that souls can be part of a soul group if they have the same origin, as in some bigger soul or oversoul or something? And then they can also acquire or grow or get affiliations with other souls because of their vibrational frequencies due to their experience or growth or whatever?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next?

(Mr. Scott) Don't you wanna ask a question about our stuff?

(L) What stuff?

(Chu) Your fall...

(Mr. Scott) Ya know, the bank and all that.

(L) Oh, my fall. Well, what should I ask about my fall? I know why I fell. Okay, why did I have this terrible fall and get this terrible injury at this particular point in time?

**A:** You always try to do too much.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, you were tired, you tried to do some sewing, you went in there like, "I'm gonna do some sewing!" and somebody pulled the chair out from under you.

(Kniall) How can we remedy this situation?

**A:** The problem is not apportioning energy to full awareness of "signs". You were apprised of several signs recently and you ignored them.

**Q:** (L) What signs?

(Mr. Scott) Yeah, what signs?

(L) Okay, the pool pump broke...

(Pierre) Three pumps broke: the farm well pump, the pond pump, and the pool pump. So, we have a pumping issue. Symbolically it means...

(L) Three pumps...

(Pierre) Within two or three days.

(Perceval) Well, the pool pump was like a month ago.

(L) Mr. Scott was telling me about some stuff...

(Perceval) But that was Data's arm, the mantis, and...

(L) That was all the same day as my fall, though. This has to be previous to that...

(parallel) There were a lot of setbacks in the pond project.

(Perceval) Well, that's to be expected.

(L) I dunno if I'd call that a sign.

(Chu) The attack on SOTT?

(L) Yeah! That was a big sign. The attack on the web site... that should have clued me in. The banking issues... So, basically you're saying that there is attacking energies from numerous directions and I was just not being aware and paying close attention to where I was putting my body and what I was doing with it? Is that basically what it amounts to?

**A:** Close. You also failed to emphasize the situation to those around.

**Q:** (Perceval) New people.

(L) But very often when I emphasize that there are weird energies going on, people laugh at me.

(Mr. Scott) I don't! I'm always sending you popups saying, "Look! There are signs!"

(Perceval) Well, we didn't have to emphasize the attack on SOTT. Everybody knew that.

(Approaching Infinity) Well, maybe that these things were all going on, and just to reiterate that all this is happening - especially for those of us who are new guys that just got here.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) Yeah, like Data hurting himself.

(Perceval) Alright, so we'll tell them now then. All you new people, you better be reminding yourself all the time. Danger lurks around every corner. You have to be 100% aware...

(L) Always expect attack!

(Perceval) ...all the time! And if you don't, I will beat you. (laughter) And I'm not joking!

(Pierre) And nobody sits down on any chair for 1 month!

(Perceval) No, but we're not joking. Generally speaking, after being here for a long time, we tend to be overcautious. So, ya'll need to get into that frame of mind.

(Andromeda) Always be aware.

(Perceval) Just expect the unexpected. Take extra precautions with things. Don't be just sauntering along, don't be dissociating, pay attention to reality around you.

(Andromeda) That's pretty much what the I Ching said about your fall, right?

(L) It told me to lay low...

(Andromeda) Be still, focus...

(Chu) Only move when you're sure.

(L) What would Putin do? That's the question to ask!

(Perceval) Putin would jump on the back of a bear!

(Pierre) Putin has a coccyx made of titanium. (laughter)

(L) Is my coccyx broken?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is the sacrum cracked?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So that's why it hurts in the way it hurts?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Alright.

(Perceval) How long is it gonna take to heal?

**A:** 4 months.

**Q:** (Perceval) This is serious, Laura!

(Pierre) It's not so bad for such an injury. It can be much worse.

(L) I'm alternating between walking around and laying on the bed, and I don't know what to do with myself. I feel like I'm adrift in space. It's terrible.

(Perceval) What can help the bones like that heal?

(L) I'm doing everything.

(Pierre) Maybe you could ask in addition to what you're doing, is there some other solution to accelerate the healing process?

**A:** Cold and heat and stop sitting on it!

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) You've gotta lay low.

(Mr. Scott) How are you supposed to lay low if you have to stand?

**A:** Lay!

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) D'OH!

(L) I can lay in the pool.

(Mr. Scott) And you can get the cold at the same time.

(Chu) We'll bring you food, and come visit, and bring you the mail, and...

(L) This is getting out of hand! Let's change the topic. (laughter) It's getting really hot, and I've been sitting for awhile, so let's wrap it up here.

(Chu) Is the bank thing due to FATCA?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) And what's the other part?

**A:** Attack from politicized sources that wish to see your mission fail.

**Q:** (Chu) Nice.

(Pierre) Do they have an advice or recommendation for us to finally find a bank solution?

**A:** You will push through as usual via networking, and will learn many things besides.

**Q:** (L) Okay, last question. I'm hot, I'm in pain; I'm really miserable.

(Rabelais) I've got pages here.

(L) What are your questions about?

(Rabelais) Cancer.

(L) Who has cancer?

(Rabelais) Well, I did. Do I still?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Rabelais) Question about this fellow this fellow that's pushing the cannabis oil cure for all cancer, Rick Simpson. Is his method valid?

**A:** Only partly and in specific cases. There are many causes, thus no single magic bullet.

**Q:** (Rabelais) What about Dr. Gonzalez rebuttal of Seyfried's research with the ketosis and cancer? Dr. Gonzalez uses nutritional therapy and he understands that a hard tumor has a protein shell on it. And to get the body's t-cells in there to kill the thing, you have to get around this protein shell. So he uses a lot of pancreatic enzymes in his therapy which breaks down the protein shell...

**A:** See previous answer.

**Q:** (Rabelais) Is Dr. Gonzalez's argument about Seyfried valid?

(L) About what?

(Rabelais) The fellow that this ketosis curable cancer. Gonzalez has been treating cancer for 25 years - thousands of patients - with this integrating oncology. In his experience, only with a very small percentage of his patients does he advise going with a low-carb, high-fat diet. He custom-tailors each therapy to...

(L) Well, that's kind of what the C's just said. See previous answer.

(Rabelais) Yeah, and takes each one, one by one. He does a complete evaluation, their medical history, and addresses each case accordingly, individually. He gets upset with people who come up with miracle cures.

(L) That's what the C's just said: there are none. So I think that's kind of the answer to your question. I mean, are there any there that you can't answer yourself?

(Rabelais) Yeah, what's this on my leg?

(L) What's on your leg?

(Rabelais) The doctor says I was bitten by an insect, but I rather doubt that. I have this red rash growing on the front of my shin. No pain.

(Andromeda) Is it itchy?

(Rabelais) The rash is irritable and itchy from time to time.

(Andromeda) How long have you had it?

(Rabelais) About a week and a half now.

(L) Are you in ketosis?

(Rabelais) No. I'm at about 80 or 100g of carbs a day.

**A:** Bacterial overgrowth. Enough personal questions. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

