## May 3, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Possibility of Being, Chu, Data, Kniall, Mr. Scott, Alana

Joining via Skype:

Mr. Premise, Echo Blue, Falling Water, Nienna, Menna

**Q:** (L) [Hellos and introductions] Today is May the 3rd. We have present: Echo Blue, Falling Water, Nienna, Menna, and Mr. Premise. Present here in the room we have Kniall, Possibility of Being, Chu, Perceval, Pierre, Alana, Mr. Scott, Data, and me and Andromeda at the board. Okay, let's get going here... I feel a Pink Floyd tune coming on. (Pierre) Which one? (L) Is there anybody in there?!

**A:** Lunatic staring at the moon, that's who!

**Q:** (L) Pink Floyd fan in there, eh? Alright. Who do we have with us tonight?

**A:** Honilaea

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit from or through?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) Was that a reference to Pink Floyd as I assumed it was?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, we've got our little crew here from Massachusetts and the New England area, and I think they've got some questions, so Mr. Premise, here's your cue! (Mr. Premise) Thank you. Well, given last week's session with the folks in North Carolina who are living in a networked living situation, we're not doing that here. We've been struggling with ways to make sure we're doing stuff, but we're kinda dispersed in our lives which makes it harder. We certainly feel the effects of the frequency fence pretty intensely in the United States. I always notice it when I come back from France. I'm energized for a few weeks, and then you just sink into the mire here. So we were wondering if there are things we should be doing in our situation. I know there are probably other people in a similar situation around the world. Are there things we should be doing to do more, to energize more, connect chakras, and all that?

**A:** How much space do you have at the new digs? Enough to form a "family tribe"?

**Q:** (Mr. Premise) I believe so, yes. We have a 4000 square foot house and about 12 acres.

**A:** What is the problem then? You have people and some space... Expand!!

**Q:** (L) You understand what they're suggesting, don't you? They're suggesting that you have a family which can be a core of a tribe. The tribe needs extended family. It needs expansion, it needs space. Because those kinds of relationships can be very valuable in difficult times, especially times of economic depression or turmoil or even political turmoil. Just having an extended family... And not everybody has extended families that they want to live with that are real families. So, you kinda have to create your own out of people who are like soul families. Well, like what we have here. We have kind of a core family: me and Ark and our kids. But we have all this extended family, which as far as I'm concerned, all the other people here are like additional kids for me. I just have lots of kids. I just didn't have to go through the work of giving birth to all of them! So, that's kind of it. But then that puts a responsibility of becoming a true parent. That really means taking responsibility for being parental, in a true sense. You can't allow yourself to be run by your whims and your emotions and competitive things and so forth. You have to take real responsibility. Anyhow, next question.

(Falling Water) I have a question regarding this same topic. When you're creating this community, do these individuals have to be physically within the community to come within the protection that they mentioned like with the North Carolina group?

**A:** Better and faster, since robust feedback is needed on a constant input basis for development of a true conduit. Also think of the constant daily struggles that require support and amelioration.

**Q:** (L) If you don't have people there with you all the time, stuff just beats you down. We would not survive if we didn't have each other. We have come under some of the most intense BS attacks that anybody can possibly imagine. I mean, it's stuff that makes you wanna just fold up your tent and go home. If we didn't have each other, we would have done that a long time ago! (Mr. Premise) That makes sense. (L) Okay, next? (Echo Blue) I'm not sure if this was answered, but if we cannot live physically together in one spot, what is the next best thing to do? Is it to get together more frequently? I'm not sure.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Echo Blue) Okay.

(Perceval) I was wondering if in addition to that - I dunno if you do this already - but if you were to kind of share the problems that you have in your separate daily lives... But when you are together, if you were to mimic that "living together" aspect by basically being a little bit more candid with each other in terms of how you're getting on in the daily life. Ya know...

(L) What would be ideal I think would be to be as close as possible if you weren't all in the same house. You could be in very close proximity. One of the things we've found that's the greatest thing in the world is having breakfast together. Getting up and cooking together, having breakfast together, having Movie Night once a week. We sit down, we watch a movie, we discuss it, or where we... since we're always working on the web sites or projects or writing books or doing research, having everyone together very frequently as a sounding board - where you talk about what you're working on, you talk about your ideas, you talk about how you're feeling stressed by this or that - we do that all the time here. If other people could be doing that kind of stuff, it starts to build kind of an expanding spiral of ideas, of energies, of mutual support. And of course if you come up with a really stupid idea, then everybody can shoot you down right away and you don't go out and make a fool of yourself. But otherwise, if there's some flaw with your ideas, you can talk about it, people can pick it apart, ya know. There's just so many things going on and it's really great to have a place where you can sit down and have meals together and talk all kinds of things over. What would possibly be ideal for a lot of people would be to have independent living units, but like a group dining hall where people eat together. Eating together is just really dynamic... And cooking together! When we get in there to cook, we've got what, seven women in this house? Seven women. When we get in the kitchen and cook, it's great! You have seven women and they're all helping each other. It's just really terrific.

(Chu) Men cook, too!

(Andromeda) They get together on bricolage projects.

(L) Mostly they're building and fixing things that we find need fixing!

(Pierre) And god, there's many! (laughter)

(L) It's kind of like this communal "doing of things". It gets to the point where when you're working together, sometimes you don't even have to talk because you know what that other person needs you to do. And you do it. You become like a well-oiled machine in a sense. So, I have the feeling that is part of the "connecting of the chakras" type of thing. Mr. Premise, you've been here, and you know what it's like. We just get in there and do stuff. So, it's really great. Of course, seven women in a kitchen might sound like a disaster waiting to happen. But disasters don't happen if they're women who are loving and giving. Think of LG, that totally territorial bitch, and anybody who came in there and even touched "her cup", and she was having a hissy fit! (laughter) But, ya know, you can't be like that. You can't be territorial, and you can't feel like, "Mine! Mine! Mine!" Of course, I was a little upset this afternoon when I noticed there was a car in front of the front door. And I said, "Who is parked in front of my front door?!" (laughter)

(Perceval) That wasn't territoriality. That was aesthetics.

(L) Yes, that's aesthetics management, because one does not park the car in front of the front door.

(Perceval) If I understand correctly what the idea is, it doesn't seem practical that ya'll are gonna move in with Mr. Premise. Right? Okay. Right now what you do is you get together on a semi-regular basis. But you do it... Mr. Premise, where's your family right now?

(Mr. Premise) They're about 20 minutes away. We're here at Echo Blue's, and I'm moving about 10 minutes from Echo Blue's. Nienna lives about 15 minutes away or so. Falling Water's an hour away, and that's a little farther. Menna here lives in the same town as Echo Blue.

(Perceval) So, the idea being that Mr. Premise's new house would be kind of the center, and other people within close proximity would theoretically come over and be like extended members of the family. Come over for dinner more often...

(Andromeda) Birthdays...

(Perceval) Yeah, birthdays, and more than you just you guys getting together on your own, it's the idea of your house becoming a kind of a center.

(L) And your wife is very much involved in many things, and there's no reason your kids can't be exposed to an extended family. (L to Andromeda) Did you kids hate it when I did it to you?

(Andromeda) No.

(L) They like having more brothers and sisters, aunts and uncles.

(Perceval) That could develop. Initially it could just be friends coming over, close friends. Most importantly, I think your wife would have to be onboard with that.

(L) She'd have to become the mother.

(Mr. Premise) The new house is structured way better for that kind of thing for having people over and all that, so that sounds like a great idea.

(L) So these two ladies present here would have to become the aunts. We have the Aunt here! My sister-in-law is here!

(Perceval) It's like in the case that all living together as one family is not possible, well then you try to replicate that at your house as much as possible.

(L) And if your property is big enough, maybe you could construct or erect some kind of guest housing for longer visits. Like we've got our Lodge over here for longer visits from group members and so forth. Maybe all of you could pitch in together and purchase something prefab. And Falling Water's an architect, for god's sake! He can design and build it. I mean, you should see that man stack wood! (laughter)

(Mr. Premise) Yeah, I saw some really cool prefab things that are all set up. That's a great idea.

(Chu) How many of you could move in together? None of you?

(L) I think they'd need to work that out. That would almost have to happen organically. People come over... I mean, we've had people who've come here, for example Kniall. Kniall was living in a separate apartment. In fact, he was living Belgium for a while. And he would come down for his holidays, and he would spend time working and helping. Then he was able to move into his own apartment nearby because he wanted to be closer, but he still was working at his regular job and so on and so forth which he did by internet. Then he was spending more time here, and half the time he'd spend the night here. Why go home Kniall, have supper, take a shower, and find a bed! After a while, it was like, "Why do you even have that apartment anymore? You're never there, and you're always here!" So, that has happened, and that's happened with other people. We've got Pierre. We said come and stay with us while you're recovering with your sickness. Then after a while, it's, "Why are you keeping that apartment down in Marseille? You never go there, so just give it up!" So, people come and they fit and you feel comfortable and they all get along. It happens organically when you like to be together and work together and there are projects.

(Perceval) It's a progression.

(Pierre) Step by step.

(L) Yeah, and it just happens organically. Okay, next questions?

(Echo Blue) I was just wondering with the last session you had with the North Carolina group you talked about putting together this Dying 101 book. I work at a hospice, and it's just that usually with people who are dying, they're not really there because they're medicated. Either they're medicated because they're in pain, or because they're very anxious about what's going on. So, I was just wondering because I work with them, is there something else that can be done to help them make this transition in an easier manner rather than being heavily medicated? I don't even know if it's possible, but...

**A:** Medication does not shut off consciousness. You can still "talk them through" even if they "appear" unconscious.

**Q:** (Echo Blue) Well, I know hearing is that last thing to go when they're dying. Well, my next question would be: What's the best way to talk them through it?

**A:** Laura did it.

**Q:** (L) Did I ever tell you what I did when my mother was dying? I got on the phone. I got on the phone with her every few days.

(Echo Blue) Oh, the singing!

(L) Well, I made recordings of songs, the children made recordings of favorite poems that she liked. And I also got on the phone and my brother would hold the phone to her ear, and I talked her through it. And I told her what to expect. I came right out and said things like, "Dying is not the end, it's just moving into another state of existence. You don't lose yourself, you don't lose your consciousness, you don't lose your ability to perceive to love or to feel. You can let go, you can just release the body." And I told her that letting go of the body is like taking off a shoe that's too tight. You'll feel very free, and all of the pains and aches and constrictions of the body will be gone, and so on... For me, it was very heartfelt, and I cried while I was doing it. But I had to talk my mother through it, because she was terrified of dying. And I felt like I was a parent in a sense, comforting a child who was going to have a new experience. So, I think that's the most important thing.

Tell them what to expect: "When you get through there, you're going to see a light, and if you look at the light, you're going to see people you love." And ya know, I named people that had already gone over that she was attached to, and I told her she was going to see those people and they'd be there for her. "So, just go in that direction and hold out your hand, and they'll take you by the hand, you'll be reunited with them..." and so on and so forth. Well, you remember our group member DW who died? I did the same thing for her. She was just suffering so horribly and hanging on, and hanging on. Finally, I called her, and I talked to her and I explained to her what was probably going to be going on. And I said that she didn't have to fight any more. She was fighting so hard because she felt like it was a failing of doing the Work to die! And I had to explain to her that no, it's not a failing, and that maybe she can do more for us on the other side than she could do here. With all the problems with her body that she'd had for so long...

You have to talk from the heart. It's not like you can get a formula where you just read something, and say "here's what you do, that's what you do". You just really help the person, and you love them. One thing I did tell my mother, "the minute you leave your body, you come to me. Yes, I'm on the other side of the ocean, but those kinds of things are not a barrier when you're on the other side. All you have to do is think about me, and you'll be here". And damned if she didn't do it! I was in my bedroom, and I could feel her. I said, "Mom, I'm really tired, so here, you lay down on the sofa." I put a pillow and blanket on the sofa for her to sleep, and I told her in the morning we'll talk about this.

So, the next day we had a session and I communicated with my mother, and basically had a lot of closure type things going on. And it's one of those sessions where I'm crying through the session because it's very emotional. You have to do this. You have to overcome your own... You can't baby yourself. It's like a parent who has to take care of a child even if the parent feels bad. You still have to do it. It's one of those things that even if you are so emotional that you feel like you can't hold yourself together, you still have to do it for that dying person.

So, if you're there with someone who is dying, I don't see any reason why you can't talk them. If they're completely unconscious, they're still gonna hear you. You're still talking to that part of them that's trying to depart this life. So, I don't see any reason not to just talk to them in a low, comforting, soothing, and very supportive way. Let them know that there's nothing to be afraid of. It's not a terrible thing. "You're going to be okay. I'm here with you, I'll get you through this." You can say that because you do.

By the same token, when any one of our people here has to go up for any kind of surgery, we go and hang out at the hospital and we keep them embraced mentally as a form of protection. When somebody's unconscious with drugs or whatever and they're in a weakened state, you don't want any attachments or weird stuff going on. So that's another thing we do. Having teams of people just present and watching during surgery or when people are dying is probably a tremendous service, I think.

Okay, next?

(Falling Water) On the same subject, but more on a personal note, I just was wondering if we made the right decision at the last few days of my dad's life?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Falling Water) Thank you.

(L) What was the decision?

(Falling Water) He had Parkinson's. And he kind of gave us the heads up that if anything happened, he didn't want any life support or whatever. And on Father's Day, he had a stroke where he became completely bedridden. So we brought him home and basically stayed with him. There was no food or water. He had a strong heart, and because of that he lasted 12 days. They told us it would be 2 to 10 days.

(L) That's very similar to what happened with my mother. When she stopped feeding, and she refused any pain medication right up to the last minute. And finally, I just overrode her wishes because she was suffering. And in 2 days, she was gone. I figured she needed it at that point.

(Falling Water) Yeah, we were giving him morphine every few hours through that whole time.

**A:** It was a beautiful passage.

**Q:** (L) Next? What about you Nienna over there in the corner?

(Nienna) Don't really have anything to ask.

(L) You look good!

(Nienna) Thank you. Well, okay, wait. It's very personal. I just recently got over being sick. Didn't eat anything for seven days. I just wasn't hungry. And it settled in my lungs, and I was really weak and really tired. But if I don't eat, I feel better with all my symptoms. So, I am eating again, and the symptoms aren't as bad as they had been, but they're worse than they are when I wasn't eating. So, what's going on with that?

**A:** Intermittant fasting will help.

**Q:** (L) But you know what we just did? I quit having the fat bombs with the coconut milk and coconut oil because I think it was bothering me. And Chu made an experimental batch of our fat bomb with just water, lard, butter, egg yolks, a little xylitol and cocoa. And it turned out to be so delicious that obviously if you use the water and the fat and you emulsify it with plenty of egg yolks, and then you beat it with the blender, it becomes this wonderful creamy thing that has almost no carbs whatsoever. I mean, the only freakin' carbs that are in there are the few you get from the egg yolks and the little bit of xylitol or erythritol. It's just unbelievable. So, even if you can't have coconut, and even if you can't have butter, I'm assuming you could do the same thing with pure lard, water, egg yolks, cocoa, and some sweetener. And you can that way get the amount of fat that in that is your daily allotment, whatever it is. Because you have to have something for your energy needs. You can't just not eat.

(Chu) MKScarlett posted a recipe for a bone broth with pig feet, and it's full of minerals and you can stop eating at 3pm, and then just go to bed and that's already intermittent fasting since you need 13 hours of not eating. And then in the morning if you're hungry, another fat bomb or more broth, and then at 3pm you stop eating again.

(L) And you can have a good breakfast with bacon and sausages. Perceval and Andromeda have eggs for breakfast, but they cut off the egg whites and give them to the dogs because the egg whites bother them, but you can still eat the yolks. But if you have your breakfast, and then maybe later in the afternoon around 2 or 3pm you can have a big bowl of your thick rich broth Chu's got this recipe for. You use the blender on it so it's like a creamy soup, and then have your fat bomb for dessert, and you don't have anything after 3 o'clock. And if you don't eat anything until 9am the next morning, you have engaged in intermittent fasting but it's painless because you're not hungry, and a good portion of the time your fasted, you're asleep.

(Nienna) Here's what I do. I can't eat pork yet, and I'm allergic to eggs, so I'm kinda iffy on trying the egg yolks. I can eat beef, and beef tallow, and that's what I do. I eat beef and beef tallow. And I eat that like 8:00 or 8:30, I go until 4pm and eat similar things, and then I don't eat again until the next morning. And I don't need the fat bomb because I'm eating the lard with the meat. That generally sounds gross, but I've gotten used to it. And I feel full. The only thing I seem to be able to eat right now is the beef because anything else affects my sinuses.

(L) Well, if that's what's comfortable, then that's what you should stick with. Like I was really gung ho for this coconut milk; but then I figured out oh boy, this is not good for me. I can tell when it goes bad on me because I start have this enormous production of phlegm. I'm coughing, coughing, coughing. Have you tried that Gotu Kola, by the way?

(Nienna) I had a really bad reaction to it.

(L) Yeah?

(Nienna) I only took it for one day, but things got really bad after I took it. Sinuses itching. That was right before I got sick.

(L) Okay, next?

(Perceval) Menna's asleep!

(L) Menna! Is Menna there?

(Menna) You don't have to be a member to ask something?

(L) No.

(Menna) Okay, so, I've been introduced to the work about five years ago. I've practiced three or four things, like getting the correct knowledge, EE has had realizable progress in clearing negative emotions, and diet and lifestyle changes and staying away from drinking and drugs has also helped. My question basically is: Is there any other aspect of the Work I can do to help the process or make life more efficient?

**A:** Helping others to learn and put them on the step behind you.

**Q:** (Menna) Okay. I get the reference because of Gurdjieff, and the teachers are above you on the rung on the ladder, so it's important to share knowledge. And maybe if you share knowledge with others, you get other knowledge that comes to you from helping. So, I think I understand what they're getting at.

(Perceval) They're saying you gotta look for some Padawans and help them! Find the Padawan.

(L) Anything else you guys?

(Echo Blue) May I ask a personal question?

(L) Yes.

(Echo Blue) I probably know the answer to it, but I was just wondering what to do about it. I'll make it short. When my daughter was getting married, I developed frozen shoulder in my left arm. Went away after a while. My daughter's now pregnant, and I've developed frozen shoulder in my right arm. I know with reading about the body-mind connection, but what can I do about this? Is it connected to my...

**A:** You have to let her learn her own lessons and stop carrying her on your shoulders.

**Q:** (Echo Blue) I've been working on that...

**A:** She is your daughter in this life only...

**Q:** (Echo Blue) Thanks. When she was 3 years old, we were sitting on a rock watching a sunset, and she said to me, "Did I used to be your boyfriend?" And I said to her, "Yeah, I guess so!" Never been brought up since.

**A:** Wise child.

**Q:** (Echo Blue) She is. Thank you.

(L) Anything else? What about you, Falling Water?

(Falling Water) I had something totally in a different direction than what we were just discussing. There was an article on SOTT regarding 3 astronauts coming out and basically stating that since 2001, there have been 26 atomic-blast-type asteroids that have impacted earth. How accurate is that?

**A:** Close, but the number is actually higher.

**Q:** Okay, so we're gonna close down for tonight. Goodnight, Gracie! What are ya'll gonna do now? You gonna do karaoke?

(Mr. Premise) Some discussions about everything. We don't have a karaoke machine. I guess we'll have to get one.

(Menna) And Laura, thank you for recommending the book [When the Body Says No by Gabor Mate]. It's helped me.

(L) Oh, I'm tellin' ya! That book was torture for me. I've rheumatoid arthritis, and I had all these female problems, and my kids have got autoimmune conditions... I saw me, I saw everybody around me, I saw everybody I know, and I said, "Oh my GOD! We are all SCREWED!!" (laughter) We gotta read this book and get over it! Okay, so ya'll have a fun time. It was great seeing everybody and ya'll look really wonderful. Alright, nighty night!

END OF SESSION

