## June 21, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Possibility of Being, Chu, Kniall, Data, Mr. Scott, Alana, Timótheos

Joining via Skype [with very bad, pixilated/blocky video]:

no-man's-land, Gawan, Aiming, Altair, Pashalis, Mikel

**Q:** (L) This is June the 21st, 2014. This is the Summer Solstice, the longest day of the year. Boy, was it long and hot! 95 degrees F.

(Pierre) Celsius. (laughter)

(L) Fahrenheit! What was it in Celsius?

(Perceval) It wasn't that warm.

(L) Okay, it was like 90.

(Andromeda) It was hot!

(L) It felt like 95. Okay, we're going to get started. Can you guys hear us? {Respond "yes" via skype}. Alright.

**A:** Hello from Cassiopaea! Nice to see loving faces.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was nice. Okay. The, um... What is on my mind...

[Loud alarm goes off on other end of Skype connection and people go running offscreen.]

(Pierre) It's a machine gun? (laughter)

(Possibility of Being) Are you still alive?

(L) What was that?

(Aiming) The [something] is done.

(L) The fish?

(Chu) The dish.

**A:** Just remember that the "alarm" will go off for many others in a different way with no option to turn it off.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Okay, the question on my mind: We have had in the last 10 days or 2 weeks or whatever a bunch of really odd tornadoes. There have been tornadoes appearing in places where tornadoes historically don't show up very often, if at all. Plus, there was a complete double-tornado with... What was it? It had multiple vortices?

(Kniall) There were two events. One was a twin tornado, and one was one tornado with multiple vortices.

(L) Okay. So, what all of this...

**A:** Remember "Day After Tomorrow" and the comments we made about the coming global superstorm some "time" ago. You are presently witnessing many of the things that will intensify as time goes forward. Ain't it awesome?!!

**Q:** (laughter) (Chu) Did you get that? {Asking skype participants.}

(SOMEBODY) No, sorry.

(Perceval) Is everybody taking down letters?

(L) Are you all taking notes?

(SOMEBODY) No, only two or three of us.

(L) Well, everyone here usually does, because sometimes it takes everybody to put it all together. I mean, you guys should have thought of that with German efficiency! (laughter)

{Added note. It actually does some re-wiring of the brain to take the notes at the sessions and is good practice for everyone in non-anticipation.}

(Andromeda) Are you really German??

(L) I don't think they are.

(Possibility of Being) Not all of them. Germans are taking notes.

[All skype participants gather paper and pens]

(L) Alright, what other questions do we have? Oh, we wanted to ask about the weakening of the magnetic field.

(Aiming) Okay.

(L) Um, following on to that question, there is report in today's news about the confirmation of the crazy activity or behavior of the earth's magnetic field. Apparently, it has been weakening by about 6%... Some say 10 to 15% for a very long time. At the present rate of weakening - assuming it doesn't speed up, which it probably will - it will be completely zero not too far in the future. Obviously, this is kind of an iffy situation because the magnetic field is what protects us from cosmic rays. It's almost silly to ask the question because we've already got this pretty much sorted out in Pierre's book, but I just want to know if we can get a confirmation on the idea that the weakening of the magnetic field is the lessening of the current flow because current is being drawn off by an incoming massive stellar object?

**A:** Yes but not massive in stellar terms.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay, so just massive relative to the earth.

(Perceval) Well, is it massive relative to the earth?

(L) I think it is.

(Pierre) We asked that question about the size of Nemesis, and it was 0.56 the mass of the sun.

(Andromeda) Half the sun.

(Pierre) Yeah, relative to human beings, it's quite large.

(L) Relative to the size of the earth, that's quite a bit.

(Data) I made a calculation about the magnetic field of the earth today. In just six months in 2014, the magnetic field weakened by 10% in North America. It weakened 6 microtesla, and the average magnetic field is 60 microtesla. And ONLY over North America. In Russia and China, it appeared to have grown a little bit stronger.

(L) So it's weakening mainly over North America? Is there any significance to that?

**A:** Oh indeed!

**Q:** (L) And what might that significance be?

**A:** Just you wait!

**Q:** (Perceval) Does a weakened magnetic field have any correlation to stronger likelihood of meteorite impacts or space rock attraction type stuff?

**A:** Or geological activity!

**Q:** (Chu) They said {news}- I think - that the pole was tilting towards Russia... Siberia.

(L) Alright, last time you made the remark about humanity being an experiment. Who or what is conducting the experiment?

**A:** We have discussed this at some length throughout these communications. It is partly the "nature of things" and partly deliberate manipulation. But you should keep in mind that such manipulation is also in the "nature of things".

**Q:** (L) Okay. (Possibility of Being) Is the 3rd density the only one that is submitted to experiments, or does it go higher?

**A:** In this way, yes. But all densities are natural and creative in this way. Just look at the diagrams of extinctions. Nature is rich and abundantly creative.

**Q:** (L) So, this is kind of like how Gurdjieff described "rays of creation" or the branches of creation or something or other, more or less?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) Okay. I'm out of my questions. {to German group} Do you have some questions?

(Altair) So, our first question about this tornado that picked up this house and put it down, and the house was structure intact. And we were just wondering what happened?

**A:** Particularly well built combined with precise wind tunnel parameters.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next?

(no-man's-land) We wondered was the plane crash with the junior Rockefeller an accident, or was he intentionally killed?

**A:** Accident. It does happen. But even so, the "victim" is somewhat aware and participating. Choice.

(Chu) Who was it?

(Perceval) The great-grandson of John D. Rockefeller. Most of his children are just painters or whatever. They weren't really doing anything in particular... Apart from spending other people's money. But he wasn't really doing anything that he would need to be taken out.

**Q:** (L) Next?

(Gawan) Okay, I have another question here. About Type 1 diabetes... With the ketogenic diet, I'm doing really well. What I'm wondering is, if a child gets diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes, would the ketogenic diet from the beginning heal it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Gawan) Okay, and next one: Do I have a chance to heal my diabetes?

**A:** Look into stem cells.

**Q:** (Gawan) Stem cells.

(Aiming) Okay, we wondered what's up with Gurdjieff's soul?

(L) What?

(Aiming) We were wondering what he is doing right now? Where he is, or...?

**A:** He was attentive to earth issues for quite some time, but now has gone to full contemplation preparatory to rebirth in 4D.

**Q:** (L) So, you're saying that people get born in 4D?

**A:** Yes. When did we say otherwise?

**Q:** (L) Well, you didn't. I was just not sure.

(Chu) Well, with changes in physicality, you'd think people could avoid the normal human birth, with the pain...

**A:** It's just a bit more intense in some ways.

**Q:** (Data) Was Gurdjieff a "man" in the fullest sense of the word as he described it himself?

**A:** Close. Gurdjieff's greatest problem was that there was no one to place on the step behind him at the time, and he slipped a bit.

**Q:** (Pashalis) Where did Mouravieff get this concept of organic portals?

**A:** He did not. He referred to "adamic" man and "preadamic".

**Q:** (L) I think if you'll recall, it was the C's that had the concept of organic portals, and they explained it in response to our questions about where Mouravieff got his idea of adamic and preadamic man. So, you need to go back and reread the transcripts on that one.

(no-man's-land) Is there any connection between the radar glitch {reported in the news} and the recent plane crashes - I think there was one in Munich, and then there was one near [indecipherable]...?

(L) Any connections between the plane crashes and what?

(no-man's-land) And the radar problems in Europe.

(Perceval) Which were kind of bleedthrough...

**A:** Not as phrased. There are many crashes in history that are due to EM anomalies. The radar glitches were also due to EM anomalies. But the same cause in some cases is not the same cause in all cases. [Strange noises emanate from German side of Skype connection] Plus the one does not necessarily lead to the other.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What's going on over there?

(Perceval) Sounds like some kind of kettle boiling near the computer! I dunno.

(L) A train? Okay, is there one last question, or is that it?

(Gawan) We have one last question. Is there anything specific about our German group that we should work on?

[Hoopoe noises emanate from Skype connection]

(Perceval) Sounds like a hoopoe. Or they've got a howler monkey over there.

**A:** More unstructured interaction. (laughter)

(Perceval) Not so much working.

(Aiming) More UNstructured? (laughter)

**A:** Lighten up! Sing more. no-man's-land can show you!

**Q:** (Pierre) Aha! no-man's-land! no-man's-land! The singer!

**A:** And most of all: Start working on helping others, enough with the angst already!

**Q:** (Perceval) The German angst.

(no-man's-land) Thank you.

**A:** Welcome and goodbye!

(L) So... You guys are going to have to pick your roles, and remake The Sound of Music.

(SOMEBODY) What?

(L) Show 'em how, no-man's-land!

(Aiming) So you have to show us how to be less structured...

(L) Hey! There's some angst going on here! (laughter) So ya'll just wait until the transcript is done, because everything becomes clearer when it's typed up sequentially as it was said. Okay? We're kind of joking with you here, because you need to lighten up more.

(Perceval) And no-man's-land, when he was here, he was singing quite a lot when we had karaoke, ya know? So, no-man's-land knows the way about how to lighten up through singing and not being so angst-ridden.

(L) And having some fun.

(Pierre) You can do it in an informal way every day from 4-8pm. (laughter)

(Perceval) no-man's-land has to lead!

(L) Where are you?

(Aiming) In Görlitz.

(L) Where is that?

(Perceval) Near the Polish border.

(L) Oh, do any of you live there?

(Perceval) Gawan.

(L) Gawan, is this your house?

(Aiming) Yes.

(Gawan) Yeah.

(L) Okay, that's what I wanted to know. And you have a karaoke machine?

(Gawan) We have no mics here.

(Aiming) But we will sing without them.

(L) But you have karaoke CDs, right?

(Gawan) Yes, we have. We are fully equipped. (laughter)

(L) Fully operational karaoke Death Star, right? Okay, children. We're gonna go now, because I really am tired today. I worked very hard all day, as did everyone else. So, we're tired. But we wanted to bring a little Cassiopaean Cheer into your home.

(Andromeda) To disperse your angst.

(L) Yes, break up your angst. It'll all be fun tomorrow.

[Thanks and guten nachts and goodbyes]

END OF SESSION

