## October 11, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Kniall, Pierre, Andromeda, Perceval, Approaching Infinity, Chu, adam7117, parallel, Breton, Windmill Knight, Altair, Prodigal Son, Mr. Scott, Arky, PoB, Alana, Data, Noko the Wonderdog (who laid next to Andromeda and slept for the precise duration of the session)

**Q:** (L) This is 11 October 2014. [Review of those present]

**A:** Hello to all from the transmission point in Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) And do you have a moniker for us this evening? A name?

**A:** Prolnilla.

**Q:** (L) Okay. We're having tonight's session because I decided to despite the fact that my backside is still in a bad way. But it's getting better fast. So, I don't know how long we'll be able to go, but I'd like to get in some questions that are on my mind. Okay, the first thing is in the last session, a very strange thing occurred and I would like to understand it a little bit better. We were sitting here at the table, and all of a sudden Rabelais got up from wherever he was sitting, and he came and plopped himself on the floor just to my left. At the instant that he entered within several feet of where I was sitting, I felt a physical blow. I felt as though I had been struck. I would like to know what that was? Why did his movement into that space feel like he had physically struck me?

**A:** When you are communicating in this manner your energy field is expanded and more permeable, thus the situation is similar to a spirit medium producing ectoplasm. Consequently, it is wise to ask all attendees who may not be frequency compatible to keep a distance during the process. You may have noticed a degree of depletion of energy due to leakage through this tear. It was particularly bad due to your injured status.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay. So much for that. That explains it. That explains why I have felt like crap since then.

(Pierre) Oh yeah?

(L) It's real hard to get my energy back.

(Pierre) Where was the blow? Was it localized?

(L) I just felt like the whole side of my body had been hit by a train.

(Pierre) Like a mechanical hit?

(L) Yeah. (to Andromeda) Did you feel it?

(Andromeda) I felt invaded.

(L) For me, I felt it physically.

(Pierre) I'm wondering if the guy who was driving who crashed into our fence, did he experience something similar? Different frequency...

(L) Okay. Now, we have this question that Galatea wanted me to ask. Does anybody know if there are any more reports of ghostly black-eyed children other than this one? {Waving printed article.} Is this like becoming a wide-spread phenomenon?

(Chu) For months now.

(Perceval) For years.

(L) So it's not just in this location?

(Perceval) It started years ago, like maybe 8 or 9 years ago.

(Chu) Well, they said the first one was in the 1800s.

(Perceval) No, but I mean in the modern age. It's part of the "weird web" type of stuff, ya know? It's vaguely associated with New Age type things.

(L) Alright, so...

(Perceval) They're like the opposite of the Indigo Children.

(L) So, anyhow it says:

> [New report of ghostly black-eyed children sightings in Cannock Chase](http://www.sott.net/article/286755-New-report-of-ghostly-black-eyed-children-sightings-in-Cannock-Chase)
>
> New report of ghostly black-eyed children sightings in Cannock Chase
>
> Sara C Nelson
>
> Huffington Post UK
>
> Mon, 29 Sep 2014
>
> A paranormal investigator is appealing for witnesses after a resurgence of sightings of an eerie entity known as the "black-eyed child".
>
> Lee Brickley is scouring the Staffordshire beauty spot of Cannock Chase after receiving claims the girl, "who has coal-black pits for eye sockets" is making appearances again some 30 years after she was first spotted.
>
> Brickley, who is the author of UFOs Werewolves & The Pig-Man: Exposing England's Strangest Location - Cannock Chase, received the latest report a fortnight ago. [...]
>
> Online fiction forum Creepypasta Wiki also references. a "black-eyed people", though these sightings were predominantly across the pond in North America
>
> The site, which also spawned the legend of Slender Man, adds they are:
>
> "Often children, with eyes that are solid black with no differentiation between sclera, pupil, or iris, and are occasionally reported to have blue or bluish tinted skin like that of a corpse.
>
> "Those who report encounters with them often feel that the children were somehow supernatural and extremely dangerous though they could not explain why."

So, what exactly are these mysterious black-eyed children that some people refer to as "demonic" or scary or whatever? Okay, maybe that's not the right question.

(Perceval) Is there any reality to them?

(L) Okay, is there any reality to these "children" people are witnessing?

**A:** Window fallers at approach of the wave or at points of realm border weaknesses due to some related phenomenon. Things like jumbo jets exiting and other things entering. Things will get a lot more interesting along this line soon.

**Q:** (L) So you mean like UFOs coming in, window fallers coming in, ghosts or paranormal phenomena coming in and going out, all kinds of weird stuff?

(Kniall) And jets disappearing from radar and then coming back.

(Perceval) Breton filmed a strange light in the sky about half an hour ago outside. Was that a UFO?

**A:** A case in point. We said that a "convention" was on the agenda some "years" ago.

**Q:** (L) So, it's going to be the old playing of Pomp and Circumstance, eh?

(Perceval) UFOs, and mothmen, and black-eyed weirdlings...

(Andromeda) There have been a lot of weird sightings lately.

(Approaching Infinity) What was that explosion we experienced and heard two days ago?

**A:** Comet fragment in upper atmosphere.

**Q:** (Andromeda) It was pretty loud.

(Perceval) That's the fourth one.

(L) It's getting to be regular. Okay, now... I printed out some session extracts from a few years back because I started thinking about them in relation to trying to find some answers to certain questions that I'm going to get to in a minute. The first one is from September 23rd, 2000. I was asking about DNA and about INTRONS and so forth:

> **Q:** ... It is now known that there are pieces of DNA within a gene that are not translated into protein. These intervening sequences, or INTRONS, are somewhat of a mystery, but appear to be a very common phenomenon." Now, is this thing they are talking about, these INTRONS, are these the core that you were talking about?
>
> **A:** In part.
>
> **Q:** What about this ALU repeat with over 300,000 copies of the same base pair sequence. What is it?
>
> **A:** Tribal unit.
>
> **Q:** What is a tribal unit?
>
> **A:** Sectionalized zone of significant marker compounds.
>
> **Q:** What does this code for?
>
> **A:** Physiological/spiritual union profile.
>
> **Q:** Could you define "tribal" for me?
>
> **A:** You define.

(L) Well, I think that obviously "tribal" means physiological spiritual union profile, and that that may have something to do with what we were talking about at a previous session when we asked about Caesar's soul group. Physiological spiritual union profile would be what defines what tribe you belong to, but it's a spiritual tribe and not necessarily specifically physical. You can grow into it according to some criteria... "graduate" was the term used. Am I correct here about a tribal group being like a soul group? Is that an accurate way of putting it?

**A:** Very close.

**Q:** (L) Is there anything that can get me closer?

**A:** In some cases there is also a supersensory component.

**Q:** (L) What is a supersensory component?

**A:** Externally driven mutation.

**Q:** (L) Externally driven by what?

**A:** Most often by the occupying soul itself.

**Q:** (L) So are you saying that if a soul selects a body or gets a close frequency match to a body that it wants to use, that it can also modify that body for its own purposes if it needs to and if the DNA match isn't quite to its taste or purposes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So our souls can cause mutations?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) Does that happen pre-birth?

**A:** No, it can happen once the soul is seated and as needed.

**Q:** (L) So, what are some of the processes that can effect this in a physical way?

**A:** Diet is one. Also "arrangement" to contract the needed sickness.

**Q:** (Pierre) So you contract a sickness because the soul wants to learn something and experience something, and it's through this sickness that this learning will occur?

**A:** No. The soul and its helpers wants to trigger DNA modification!

**Q:** (L) They're saying no, that it's far more pragmatic. Okay, next question... I'm never going to get to my questions that I have! (laughter) Okay, when you say, "the soul and its helpers", what the heck are the soul's helpers?

**A:** Tribal unit members both in the body and out.

**Q:** (L) So if you're a member of a tribal unit, you are in a way connected via DNA connections or signals or frequencies with your other tribal members, whether they are incarnated or not? Is that what we're saying here?

**A:** Pretty much; no man is an island!

**Q:** (L) Okay, now, let me get back to my questions. In the rest of this session excerpt I have here, I asked:

> **Q:** What does the rest of the DNA code for that is not coding for structural genes. What else can it be doing?
>
> **A:** Truncated flow.
>
> **Q:** Truncated flow of what?
>
> **A:** Liquids.
>
> **Q:** Liquids from where to where?
>
> **A:** What is your sense?
>
> **Q:** Well, what liquids?
>
> **A:** Time for your input.
>
> **Q:** Do some of these...
>
> **A:** No. Not alright: we asked you a question!
>
> **Q:** Okay. Truncated flow of liquids. I'm not even sure what that means. (A) Maybe something was flowing and something cut it off and stopped it and it cannot be developed. It means that something was cut. (L) Does truncated flow mean a flow of liquid that has been stopped?
>
> **A:** Yes. Because of design alteration!
>
> **Q:** Is this liquid that has been truncated a chemical transmitter?
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** And would this chemical transmitter, if it were allowed to flow, cause significant alterations in other segments of the DNA?
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** So, there is a segment of code that is in there, that is deliberately inserted, to truncate this flow of liquid, which is a chemical transmitter, or neuropeptide, which would unlock significant portions of our DNA?
>
> **A:** Close Biogenetic engineering.
>
> **Q:** I assume that this was truncated by the Lizzies and cohorts?
>
> **A:** Close, but more likely Orion STS designers.
>
> **Q:** Okay, can you tell us what this specific liquid or transmitter was truncated?
>
> **A:** Think of the most efficient conductor of chemical compounds for low wave frequency charge.
>
> **Q:** (A) Well, gold is one... (L) Acetylcholine?
>
> **A:** No.
>
> **Q:** (L) Water?
>
> **A:** No.
>
> **Q:** Saline?
>
> **A:** Closer. It is a naturally bonding combination.

(L) And then I gave up, because I was absolutely and completely clueless about where they were going, and I said I'd have to research it. And then, after I gave up on that line, I asked:

> **Q:** Was my insight that I had one night that, at some point in time something may happen that will turn genes on in our bodies that will cause us to physically transform, an accurate perception of what could happen at the time of transition to 4th density?
>
> **A:** For the most part, yes.
>
> **Q:** Are there any limitations to what our physical bodies can transform to if instructed by the DNA? Could we literally grow taller, rejuvenate, change our physical appearance, capabilities, or whatever, if instructed by the DNA?
>
> **A:** Receivership capability.
>
> **Q:** What is receivership capability?
>
> **A:** Change to broader receivership capability.
>
> **Q:** (A) That means that you can receive more of something.
>
> **A:** Close.
>
> **Q:** (A) It means how good is your receiver.
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** (L) What is your receiver? The physical body?
>
> **A:** Mind through central nervous system connection to higher levels.

(L) So this takes us back to what they were just saying a minute ago about the soul being able to change DNA itself, or with its tribal unit helpers; that is, you can change your DNA through "Mind through central nervous system connection to higher levels." Now then, going back to this little bit right here about the naturally bonding combination, "the most efficient conductor of chemical compounds for low-wave frequency charge." Well, in another session they made the remark that DNA was a superconductor, and that DNA could also have a core of light. Now, what just happened to make me start thinking about all this was that there was an article:

> [Viruses convert their DNA into liquid form to facilitate cell infection](http://www.sott.net/article/286892-Viruses-convert-their-DNA-into-liquid-form-to-facilitate-cell-infection)
>
> Viruses convert their DNA into liquid form to facilitate cell infection
>
> Viruses can convert their DNA from solid to fluid form, which explains how viruses manage to eject DNA into the cells of their victims. This has been shown in two new studies carried out by Lund University in Sweden.
>
> Both research studies are about the same discovery made for two different viruses, namely that viruses can convert their DNA to liquid form at the moment of infection. Thanks to this conversion, the virus can more easily transfer its DNA into the cells of its victim, which thus become infected. One of the studies investigated the herpes virus, which infects humans.
>
> "Our results explain the mechanism behind herpes infection by showing how the DNA of the virus enters the cell", said Alex Evilevitch, a researcher in biochemistry and biophysics at Lund University and Carnegie Mellon University.
>
> Evilevitch stated that the discovery was surprising. No one was previously aware of the 'phase transition' from solid to fluid form in virus DNA. The phase transition for the studied herpes virus is temperature-dependent and takes place at 37°C, which is a direct adaptation to human body temperature. Evilevitch hopes that the research findings will lead to a new type of medicine that targets the phase transition for virus DNA, which could then reduce the infection capability and limit the spread of the virus.
>
> "A drug of this type affects the physical properties of the virus's DNA, which means that the drug can resist the virus's mutations", said Alex Evilevitch.
>
> The second study that Evilevitch and his colleagues have published recently is about bacteriophages, i.e. viruses that infect bacteria, in this case E coli bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract. The results show that this virus also has the ability to convert its DNA from solid to fluid form. As with the herpes virus, the phase transition takes place at 37°C, i.e. adapted to human body temperature.
>
> These two virus types, bacteriophages and the herpes virus, separated at an early stage in evolution, several billion years ago. The fact that they both demonstrate the same ability to convert their DNA in order to facilitate infection indicates that this could be a general mechanism found in many types of virus.
>
> In previous studies, Alex Evilevitch and his colleagues have succeeded in measuring the DNA pressure inside the virus that provides the driving force for infection. The pressure is five times higher than in an unopened champagne bottle. This high pressure is generated by very tightly packed DNA inside the virus. The pressure serves as a trigger that enables the virus to eject its DNA into a cell in the host organism. It was this discovery that led to the two present studies, which were recently published in Nature Chemical Biology and PNAS.

(L) So, liquid DNA... What we have here is a little bit of a confirmation of what the C's were saying way back when, that DNA can turn from a solid to a liquid – the truncated liquid reference in the context of genetic engineering - to infect a cell. But we also know that DNA can also produce beneficial changes. The likelihood is that we have DNA that infected us at some point in time. It truncated the flow of some other DNA that's in our cells already there, but it isn't doing anything because it's been blocked by an infection that inserted introns of blockages. The possibility exists, I am surmising, that at some point in time, this could be changed or reversed possibly - probably - virally. Now, am I on to something here?

**A:** Oh indeed! The times ahead will be most interesting especially if the network both expands to the full tribal unit strength, and many others take the initiative to move up to the next stair step.

**Q:** (L) So, in a sense, what you're saying is that there is a need for the network to expand as in connecting chakras and so forth which is probably what helps with these "helper" things described a few minutes ago. When people are connected, they can help each other, both in and out of the body to make DNA changes and changes in their whole system. So, that's important. Also, people need to graduate when they get these DNA changes going on in their bodies that are helped by their helpers because of their connecting chakras because the network has strength. Does that make sense, everybody?

(Pierre) More members, and...

(L) And more involved, more doing.

(Chu) Not necessarily quantity, though. Because it says strength.

(Perceval) Well, that's the question: What is the full tribal unit strength?

(L) Does that means quantity, and/or quality?

(Data) Or both?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Pierre) So when you reach this critical mass, it means you can have this influence, you can have this soul group influence on all the members and trigger these changes?

(L) Is that what you're saying here?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) When the tribe reaches critical mass, it'll start changing people's DNA.

(Pierre) We'll start to change, and grow arms, and tentacles, and extra eyes... (laughter)

(Perceval) And fur!

(Kniall) Pierre, you can hold four tools at once!

(Chu) And if many others move up to the next stair step, that leaves more room for new people to come up.

(L) So, it's very, very important if people want to make this transition to be like the wise virgins: keep the faith, and keep doing, keep putting one foot in front of the other day after day even though they don't see any immediate benefits for themselves. Is that what we're getting to here?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Perceval) Does the full tribal unit strength have anything to do with Gurdjieff's mention of 200 people?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (L) And there was something else I wanted to ask that you guys made me think of... I had something, and it slipped out of my brain. I'm having a senior moment... OH! Is this full tribal unit strength capacity kind of what you meant way back when when you talked about "broader receivership capability", that it's not simply restricted to an individual, but that it's like creating a net that is kind of like an array of antennas that...

(Perceval) The signal received is spread throughout the array...

**A:** Yes yes yes!

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(PoB) This full tribal unit strength that affects progress and changes DNA and so on, does it happen progressively, or is it like yes or no?

(L) You mean like on or off?

(PoB) Yes.

**A:** Critical mass much involved.

**Q:** (L) So you have to hit a critical mass before it switches.

(Andromeda) So it's more like on/off.

(L) I would say there are SOME individual cumulative things, but the big changes depend on critical mass.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So we can each be working on ourselves individually with diet, cold therapy, with our networking, with getting rid of our emotional baggage, learning how to get along, etc. But all of that is really just kind of like preparatory for a phase transition?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) And how many percent of this full tribal strength have we reached right now? (laughter)

**A:** Not enough obviously.

**Q:** (PoB) Will we know when we reach it?

(Perceval) Yeah, Pierre will grow a tentacle.

**A:** You will know indeed!

**Q:** (L) Alright.

(Chu) "Not enough" is the new percentage measurement.

(Andromeda) We have missing members of our family that we need to find!

(L) Okay, another question I had about this DNA study was that it says:

> Evilevitch stated that the discovery was surprising. No one was previously aware of the 'phase transition' from solid to fluid form in virus DNA.  The phase transition for the studied herpes virus is temperature-dependent and takes place at 37°C, which is a direct adaptation to human body temperature.  Evilevitch hopes that the research findings will lead to a new type of medicine that targets the phase transition for virus DNA, which could then reduce the infection capability and limit the spread of the virus. [...]
>
> The second study that Evilevitch and his colleagues have published recently is about bacteriophages, i.e. viruses that infect bacteria, in this case E coli bacteria in the human gastrointestinal tract. The results show that this virus also has the ability to convert its DNA from solid to fluid form. As with the herpes virus,  the phase transition takes place at 37°C, i.e. adapted to human body temperature.
>
> These two virus types, bacteriophages and the herpes virus, separated at an early stage in evolution, several billion years ago.  The fact that they both demonstrate the same ability to convert their DNA in order to facilitate infection indicates that this could be a general mechanism found in many types of virus.

(L) Now, we're doing these dietary changes and this cold therapy and so forth. I'm wondering if that is going to change our normal body temperature by changing some DNA which will then enable a different temperature-related INTRON or something in the body to activate or deactivate the blockage? Is this kind of temperature-related?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, there is more to this temperature thing than meets the eye. Well, the thing I noticed is that I am more cold tolerant. Also, the heater in my body seems better... Well, obviously it goes together. It's almost as though exposing oneself to cold actually heats you up.

(Perceval) Yeah, it's a reaction from the body to a cold environment.

(L) So whatever it is, I conjecture that it activates at a higher normal body temperature.

(Perceval) Well, does cold adaptation increase your core body temperature?

**A:** Ultimately, yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) By how much?

**A:** A degree or two.

**Q:** (Pierre) Like when you're sick.

(Perceval) Which might be deadly to specific viruses... It might be beneficial for keeping bad things away.

(L) It definitely might. That might be one of the activating effects of the...

(Perceval) If there are so many viruses around, they've probably adapted to the human body temperature. They've been around human beings for so long that they've adapted to living in humans and they do their thing at human body temperature. But if it's higher, they don't work so well.

(Pierre) At 39 degrees C, most of them die.

(L) So, if you have a higher body temperature, not only could you be activating some good DNA inside of you, you'd definitely be cutting off the access of the evil viruses.

(PoB) Like a constant fever.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) It's kind of interesting because you'd think that's a natural function of being in a cold environment all the time. Like simulating being an Eskimo... Maybe with Eskimos their body temperature also drops a lot so it equalizes somehow. But, people doing cold adaptation who are not in super cold environments, maybe it would make it easier to increase the body temperature. But only periodically.

(L) Yeah.

(Andromeda) I woke up twice last night feeling like I had a fever.

(L) I can feel the heater effect come on at odd times. All of a sudden, I feel like I'm having hot flashes again!

(Andromeda) I feel hot like I want to get into the cold pool, which is weird for me!

(L) So, that covers that. Okay, in a previous session I was asking a question... And I asked about the... Um... I was asking about the EE program, and they said:

> Session from August 15, 2009
>
> **Q:** (L) Okay. Well, we have people working on this breathing and meditation program, and some people are having some unusual experiences physically, and other people are having extreme tiredness, and there's just really the whole gamut going on there. I guess there's really not a clear question about that because that's more or less what we expected: each person is in individual, and the way that they apply the program I guess depends on their level of knowledge...
>
> **A:** It would be best if you could teach it directly. But under the circumstances with so many in such great need, and the system often restricting their funds and thus their ability to travel and compensate you for your time and energy, it is the best way so far. Some will find their creativity expanding and thus their ability to make more direct connections as a result of the practice!
>
> **Q:** (L) Why do you say, "their ability to compensate me for my time"? (Galatea) Money. (L) Well, I know that, but that's...
>
> **A:** We have spoken before about the necessity for energy to be balanced. It is correct for you to make this program available according to the individual ability to compensate. But all must remember that it is STO to GIVE [planchette circles board] ALL to those who ask. You have given all REPEATEDLY and many still do not understand the value nor do they compensatorily give in return. Those who have difficulties with the program may find that they are not giving "all". And that does not always mean money either. It can also mean commitment.
>
> **Q:** (L) Questions? (DD) Is the group still doing Monday and Thursday? (L) Mm-hmm. (Perceval) Well, we're gonna make the program available for purchase, I assume. That'll be an opportunity for people to - I know it's not just money, but it'll be an opportunity for people to at least give for receiving something, like directly.
>
> **A:** Those individuals who still think that you can get something for nothing will find themselves blocked.
>
> **Q:** (L) Well, what is the nature of this kind of thing? I mean, what do you mean "blocked"?
>
> **A:** It can take 2 main forms: In the STO candidate, it can be blocked by the subconscious process that knows there is an imbalance. In the "others" it is simply that they are not on the correct frequency to receive. Remember "receivership capability" and also capacity.

(L) So obviously EE is part of this hooking up with your tribal unit and your helpers. But this, "receivership capability and also capacity" thing is what I wanted to get to. And then I wanted to go to lists of questions from the forum, and you interrupted:

> **Q:** (L) Okay. Well, we have a whole other list of questions from the group and I guess we ought to get onto them now...
>
> **A:** No, that must wait. The world is hurtling through space in its move toward destiny, and many of those questions are of little consequence. Besides, our interaction with you is not to pass messages to others of a more or less trivial nature. Additionally, for many of these questions to be answerable, a similar frequency issue comes into play. You, PERSONALLY, in your mind, must be seeking the answer, and it must be important to your path of destiny. Otherwise it is no more or less accurate than any old "psychic". And "any old psychic" you AIN'T!

(L) Okay, so that leads me to me next questions because these are things that interest me. (laughter)

(Perceval) You set yourself up there, huh? Very nice! Very smooth! Quoting yourself! (laughter)

(L) Now, I have this handy little book "Judas of Nazareth" by this guy, Daniel T. Unterbrink. First of all, he talks about this Judas of Galilee who apparently he believes was the original prototype for Jesus. Now, is he correct in what he is saying about this Judas the Galilean?

**A:** Judas was the "patsy" utilized to supplant Caesar.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, it appears that this group that was created by this Judas of Galilee was the so-called "Jerusalem Group" of the zealots, the Sicari, and what he calls the Jerusalem Christians because of course he is operating from the assumption that the Jerusalem Group were the earliest Christians because they proclaimed their Judas of Galilee as Christ. But apparently this Judas was crucified in something like 19 AD, which was quite early in the game. Paul came along and was interacting with this group of individuals and apparently he was thrown out of the group. This is evident that he was thrown out of the group from his own authentic letters because he was at war with this group. This Interbrink of course calls Paul the evil one, says that he was just out to get money, create a church, make himself rich, and all that sort of thing. I find that a little difficult to swallow because I read the Pauline Letters, and this is a very complex individual. When I think about how this guy describes these Sicari, these zealots, they "whack everybody's pee-pee and follow these dietary laws" gang... You put one in one hand, and one in the other, and Paul wins every time. I mean, I'm sorry! So, was Paul an evil guy the way Unterbrink has pejoratively described him?

**A:** Not even close!

**Q:** (L) Was Paul a member of the Herodian family? That is, was the Saul who WAS a member of the Herodian family as described by Josephus the same Saul that was the Apostle Paul?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, Paul was not from Tarsus? Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Paul was... Where was Paul from?

**A:** Near Jerusalem.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Why was it said that Paul was from Tarsus? Why was this added to the legend?

**A:** To conceal and reveal.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean? Conceal and reveal? What would Tarsus reveal?

**A:** Where Antony spent time, where veterans retired, where the development and perpetuation of the Caesar cult actually took place.

**Q:** (L) So there were combinations of, say... I mean... Okay, I'm not going to ask any more about that because I've got to think about it some more. Okay, the other thing is that in the Slavonic version of Josephus, there is a story of the Star of Bethlehem. Obviously in the gospels, the birth of Jesus is all messed up. But supposedly, the Star of Bethlehem appeared at the time of the birth of this guy Judas of Galilee, and this was recorded in the Slavonic Josephus. The way they described it was:

> "The star image appeared to us signifying the birth of a king by whom the whole world will be held. And gazing on that star, we have been making our way for a year and half to this city, and we have not found the son of a king and the star is now hidden from us." But while they were on the way home, that remarkable star appeared to them again.
>
> And Herod said, "Can you show it to me?"
>
> "We reckon the whole world can see it."
>
> They stepped out onto an open porch and showed him the star. But as they were on their way, the star again disappeared.

(L) So of course Josephus interpreted this star as the Sign of Vespasian, but the interesting thing about it is, is that this star according to the timeline of Unterbrink, appeared in 25 BC. Now, in my Comet book here {waves book}, I have been adjusting the dates of comets according to my adjustment of the dates of Halley's Comet. As a result of my adjustments, which I've penciled in, there's a comet listed as occurring in 46 BC, which is supposedly two years before the death of Caesar. However, in my re-dated system, this is actually 25 BC. By standard dating, there is no comet 25 BC at all, but according to MY dating, I have one that's 25 BC which matches Unterbrink's timeline based on Slavonic Josephus. The comet book says,

> "The Chinese text Han Chu is the oldest source to report this object. A guest star [a guest star can often mean not a comet, but a supernova] was seen sometime during the month of 46 BC, June 20th to July 18th. It appeared at the division of Mao, the Pleiades, and stayed about five degrees to the east of Chwon Shay [which is Perseii]. The object is bluish-white with rays."

(L) So, is my corrected dating of this object on target?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is this what they were talking about in their dating of the birth of this guy Judas the Galilean?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay... Am I off in my dating?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) How much am I off on that one?

**A:** 11 years.

**Q:** (L) 11 years?

(Chu) Forward or backward in time?

**A:** Subtract.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying move it forward to 14 BC?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And that would put it when you said that the historical, Jewish Jesus was born?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So, this guy Judas the Galilean was the teacher guy/rebel leader/whatever who became the prototypical Jewish Jesus?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Now, there is a problem because supposedly the Testimonium Flavionum that was inserted into Josephus about Jesus happens to occur at exactly the place where, were Josephus to write about the death of this Judas of Galilee, it would have been there. It appears that insertion was not really so much that it was just made up about Jesus, but that they just changed the name and it was actually describing the death of this Judas of Galilee. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So they could easily change names without having to really write anything new. Okay. Now there's... Okay, well if I'm off 11 years there, then that means I've got to readjust everything. Is that what we're getting at here? I have to adjust everything 11 years?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well...

(Perceval) Well, fooey!

(Approaching Infinity) That Halley's Comet stuff is so complex when you take into account that there might be like 500 years added in, and then you have all these supposed comet sightings in between all those years...

(L) Well, I have to get back to the drawing board obviously, because all of my plans have been discombobulated with that 11 year discrepancy. Does anybody else have a question of some importance because now I'm all messed up and I can't ask any more of my questions?

(Approaching Infinity) You want to ask about Baby Caesar?

(L) What about Baby Caesar?

(Approaching Infinity) If his story was either taken on by Augustus, or if the Jesus story... if either of those people stole it from Caesar?

**A:** The Baby Jesus Story is an amalgamation of Mithras and Caesar. The story of "Jesus" causing wonder among the "Doctors of the Law" is referring to Caesar. Augustus borrowed an element or two of the tale of Caesar, but mostly not.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Hmm. Well, that doesn't help me at all, does it? Was there anything remarkable about Caesar's birth?

**A:** Comet.

**Q:** (L) So there was a comet at the time of his birth, and that was the main thing. A comet at his birth, and a comet at his death. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) But, no "laid in the manger" business, no wise men, nothing like that.

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Pierre) But the comets meant something. It was not only random chance, was it?

(L) But all the stuff about Jesus and the manger and being born in a cave or whatever...

(Perceval) Well, how long was the comet in the sky, and how many were born at the same time?

(Pierre) But an individual having a comet at his birth and at his death...

(L) Is kind of special. I mean, look at Mark Twain!

(Perceval) But how many people were born at that time? It doesn't necessarily relate to Caesar. If it was there in the sky for a week or two weeks, then you've got hundreds of people being born with the comet in the sky. But from a human point of view, people took it as a sign...

**A:** Receivership capability!

**Q:** (L) So there can be hundreds of people born with the emanations of a comet in the atmosphere, but only the one that has the receivership capability would be affected or influenced by it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it can be very important, but only for...

(Perceval) From a hidden perspective, and not from an ordinary human perspective. Was the cult surrounding Caesar after his death perceived as a threat by someone at that time or thereafter?

**A:** Indeed! Caesar advocated treating the poor and the masses with care and kindness.

**Q:** (Perceval) So they were threatened enough to kill him and undo pretty much everything he had done... But, was there a real threat that his teaching would have spread across the world and changed everything?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The ideas of communalism, sharing, caring, mercy etc.

(Perceval) What I'm trying to do is contrast the extent of that threat of changing the world in a positive way with what they did to his story. And we still have it today! They didn't just stamp it out at the time and then forget about it. We're still lumbered with the deception. So, it's so big and so monstrous... Like opportunistically, they killed two birds with one stone... "We can get rid of Caesar and his teachings, and then we can also have this new religion that gets us what we want!"

(L) Yeah, a religion of passivity, obey your masters, give them all your money, pay your taxes, and all this kind of stuff.

(Perceval) Yeah, maybe the perception at that time was that a new organized religion was necessary...

(L) Was Paul the author of those things where he advised people to pay their taxes, render to Caesar and all this kind of stuff?

**A:** Partly, yes. But he was being wise as a serpent and gentle as a dove. What he wrote in his letters was the "milk", he only gave the meat in person.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, is there anything that we want to... We've been here for a longer time than I expected. My backside is really... Are you raising your hand, Approaching Infinity? I can't see your hand, but...

(Chu) Approaching Infinity is giggling there...

(L) Alright Approaching Infinity, come on.

(Approaching Infinity) Allegedly, one of the earliest things about the Jesus people was their communal meal, the Eucharist. Was there something about Caesar's life, or something that he did, that led to that?

**A:** Not in particular, however it came to be a sign shared because Caesar made sure that the hungry were fed and if his soldiers were hungry, he shared their suffering. The "meal" was another aspect borrowed from Mithras. Notice that the clue about Tarsus points to Mithraism also. Finally, elements of Caesar's last supper were incorporated into the story as well!

**Q:** (Perceval) Caesar's last supper?

(Kniall) Yeah, he had a meal and he was asked how he would like to die.

(L) And he said it didn't matter, just as long as it was quick. Alright, is there anything that we need to ask that we didn't think of, or that I didn't think of, because I want to shut down because I'm starting to get a little stiff here? Any message or anything of any particular importance?

**A:** Time for you to sit in the psychomantium or something similar with pencil and paper ready.

**Q:** (L) Why do I need a paper and pencil ready?

**A:** Because we have complex things to convey and that will conserve energy.

**Q:** (L) You mean I'm supposed to do this alone?

**A:** Not necessarily. It will help to have one or two other compatible energy persons present to ask the questions.

**Q:** (L) Do these have to be questions of general interest, or is it possible that say, for example, other people could send in questions to be answered in this way?

**A:** Limit personal questions please.

**Q:** (L) Alright, then if there's nothing else, I'm going to say good night.

**A:** Remember Caesar... Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

