# 2014
## March 22, 2014
Laura, Ark, Pierre, Perceval, Andromeda, PoB, Kniall, Chu, Data, Alana, Timotheos, Mr. Scott

**Q:** (L) Oh, this should be the equinox, shouldn't it? March 21st, 22nd? (Andromeda) Wasn't it yesterday? (L) Yeah. So this is Saturday, March 22nd, 2014. It's been grey and windy and rainy outside, and we've got a fire going on in here. Alright... Hello.

**A:** Everyone looks so healthy! Oh my goodness! The attacks are not working on you! How do they expect to harm those who do not obey their rules?

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Komessias

**Q:** (L) And where do you transmit through or from?

**A:** Cassiopaea

**Q:** (L) So, what does the point of this little introduction about health, other than what was just said... Did they say harm? So, there are directed attacks going on against us at the present time like with some kind of EM or electronic devices or something that's supposed to harm our health?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that what's getting a little play in the swelling in my leg?

**A:** Yes. But you stopped it "cold".

**Q:** (L) Ha ha ha! [laughter because Laura was induced to start a program of saunas followed by ice-cold hip baths] Alright then. So I guess that we can pretty well answer the question in advance that other little glitches that people are having all over are part of the same thing. It just manifests in each person according to their particular vulnerability?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Alright, I think that's enough on that topic. I think the topic on everybody's mind is The Plane [^Malaysian Airlines Flight 370]. The plane, the plane! {Fantasy Island.}(Pierre) Where is it?

**A:** In well of space/time lock.

**Q:** (L) Well, the Chinese are certain that they have located some wreckage.

**A:** Any "wreckage" located under the circumstances must be seen as highly questionable.

**Q:** (Pierre) Was it deliberate, or was it an accident?

**A:** Happens when bleedthrough causes confusion.

**Q:** (L) Confusion of what?

**A:** Realms and all within.

**Q:** (Perceval) Seems like the confusion was evident in the change in direction of the plane, and then it disappeared into a well of time and space. (Data) Are the passengers okay on the plane?

**A:** Depends on how you define "okay".

**Q:** (Perceval) Is it a similar situation to Flight 19?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, we have that explanation in the transcripts, what's going on with the passengers... Do any of the PTB on the planet know?

**A:** Of course! Why do you think there was such a comedown vis-a-vis Crimea and Russia?

**Q:** (L) You mean they had plans to be more aggressive and "in-their-faces", and they... (Perceval) Why would the disappearance of the plane make them scared or make them back down? Was it "comedown", was that what was said? Like a retreat. So, basically the PTB backed down on Crimea and Russia and that whole situation because the plane disappeared and they were worried about...? (Pierre) So, if you lie too much, if you create too much chaos, like unjustified war, you might increase such a bleedthrough?

**A:** They have "advisors" and "interpretors" of such things.

**Q:** (Pierre) So the advisors said if they go on with the attack, and with lying and manipulating... (L) I don't think they would say that. (Perceval) They wouldn't spell it out. (L) I don't think that they would talk to them in those terms. (Pierre) What would they say? (L) Probably say something like, I dunno... Maybe they have some advisors and interpreters who say, "We did that, and if you don't back down, we're gonna do more!" Ya know, like threatening rather than explaining to them how to be good boys.

**A:** More or less.

**Q:** (L) I mean, we would all like to think that there would be some high and mighty power in the world that would tell the psychopaths, "Oh, if you keep creating chaos, you're gonna screw things up! You're a bad boy!" But that's not likely to happen because it would just be, ya know... (Perceval) You get into the idea of different levels of power here. People are doing the whole overt Crimea thing. And they have advisors and maybe they suspect that there's a higher power like the ones that blew up the Columbia space shuttle for Bush and stuff. They ascribe this plane incident to "them", and interpret it in some way like, "Let's back off" kind of thing. Like the way they alluded to this idea that there is a higher power that has vast technology and can influence the American government and its policies for example by sending a warning... So maybe the ones who take note of these things looked at this plane and said, "Maybe this is some kind of message to us."

**A:** There is likely to be a bit of interdimensional blackmail going on. How likely do you think it is for the "reality creating" US PTB to back down from their natural state of being the world's biggest bully?

**Q:** (Pierre) Why did those higher entities want the PTB to back down concerning Crimea and Russia?

**A:** They understand what the consequences are.

**Q:** (Perceval) So their whole thing is all about control... nuclear or global war, and that's the end of it. They've always wanted to control things and squeeze the people even tighter. (L) Well, the only thing that ever scares or stops a psychopath is a bigger psychopath. Um, I just have the feeling that somehow MOSSAD is involved in all of this business, like maybe even this plane thing. It's just too, um...

**A:** Maybe they live up to their motto?

**Q:** (L) "By way of deception, thou shalt do war." So that would suggest that, at some level, MOSSAD is involved with these advisors or interpreters, or somehow... (Perceval) They've said in the past that MOSSAD is near the top of the hierarchy. (L) So, at the top of MOSSAD, there's the interface with the hyperdimensional STS beings, more or less.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So... (Perceval) The Israelis are the chosen people! Who else would be chosen for such a job? (L) I see. Okay. So, that's the plane. Oh, I want to ask about the phones. How come the phones were still ringing three days after the plane was missing?

**A:** Being in another time/space "space" is not out of reach of electronic signals, plus there is the time anomaly.

**Q:** (L) So, ET really can phone home? (laughter)

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) But he might get the call before or after it was made! (L) Yeah, he'll get it yesterday.

**A:** Something like that.

**Q:** (Chu) Well, now they can shut it out of the news, but they'll have to come up with something. (L) They'll just ignore it. Just the big honking ignoring tactic that makes all kinds of things just completely disappear from people's minds. (Perceval) Absolutely. Just move on. There's been about 50 planes that have disappeared like that, and never found. (Chu) Yeah but they said the families were going on hunger strikes and stuff. (Perceval) If they don't give them any news coverage, no one will know. (L) Yeah, without any news coverage, what are they going to have? Facebook and Twitter. (Andromeda) Are we gonna start seeing a lot more of this kind of thing?

**A:** Oh yes!!!

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) Awesome! (Perceval) Any chance of the Pentagon just going missing?

**A:** It has a different destiny!

**Q:** (Chu) A comet?!

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (L) You mean, we're gonna see? Are we gonna LIKE it?

**A:** Probably.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I guess the question on a lot of people's minds is: How about that Vladimir Putin, huh?

**A:** He's not perfect but he's the best your planet has in such a position at this time.

**Q:** (L) So, he's not a psychopath?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Perceval) Is there anyone essentially giving him orders? Is what he's doing being controlled directly in that sense?

**A:** Not in the sense you mean, but yes in the sense of conscience.

**Q:** (Ark) I think that what is of value is that he has the right team of advisors. When you have your advisors and they are smart and knowledgeable, they are experts in certain areas, and they will say, "If you do this, this will be the result, so I suggest that."

**A:** Indeed, there are many in Russia who learned in a school of hard reality difficult for Westerners to imagine. On top of this, they are better educated in general.

**Q:** (PoB) Is there a real threat of Putin being assassinated?

**A:** Always that, but he wasn't KGB for nothing.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) We didn't have a session since the "LG affair", did we? We had one before the LG Exposé? (Mr. Scott) The last one was September 7th, 2013. (L) Yeah, I guess we better ask about LG and what's-her-face. Is it true as we suspect that we encountered in LG a true and complete example of a real genuine female psychopath?

**A:** If you mean a damaged organic portal, yes. But not exactly a "born psychopath".

**Q:** (Chu) That would explain why she does so many things that are self-destructive in the end. (L) Yeah. Alright, well, what about B\_\_?

**A:** As we said, a good heart but damage there too.

**Q:** (Perceval) I don't think we've asked this question before even though it's been going on for a long time. What causes the large-scale wildfires in places and at times, for example in the winter, when...

**A:** Gas emissions combined with active plasmas.

**Q:** (L) So it doesn't have to be from overhead explosions. (Perceval) Well, we were thinking it must have been gas. (Andromeda) And electrical activity. (Pierre) It's both. Active plasma due to cometary activity, and the earth opening up. (L) Yeah, how about that gas explosion in New York recently?

**A:** A prime example: We warned about such things and more to come. The planet on which you dwell is opening up!!!

**Q:** (Perceval) What about the "five years to go" thing?

**A:** What do you mean? You is there! Do you not SEE it?

**Q:** (Perceval) Well, sure, yeah. (Pierre) About Year Zero? (Perceval) So, you were talking it being the beginning of the end.

**A:** Just as earthquakes can begin with one that then begins an "unzipping" process, so does the changing of realms. In fact, the two have a lot in common.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Yeah, all these earthquakes in California, South America, the ring of fire... (Pierre) Yeah, a lot were along the Ring of Fire surrounding the Pacific Plate. Unzipping, does it mean it's the whole plate was attached and it's kind of moving... (Chu) Well, unzipping is like starting to reveal... opening up. Outgassing and all that, different openings... (L) Yeah. (Andromeda) So is there going to be a really big event then soon? (Chu) Wait and see!

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (laughter) (Pierre) Quakes and changing realms have a lot in common. What does it mean? (Andromeda) Yellowstone, too. (Perceval) Well, one earthquake can start a chain reaction that opens up the earth, and one change... (L) I would say the changing of realms changes frequencies, which can change the frequencies of earth which can trigger earthquakes. And earthquakes can emit electromagnetic signals which can create openings in realms. So, you've got all kinds of electromagnetic stuff from both directions.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Ark) What is the key to quantum randomness?

**A:** Long answer.

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) We don't have the symbols and stuff. (Pierre) We need a special board for that!

**A:** There really is no such thing as "pure" randomness.

**Q:** (Ark) They are reading my book. (laughter)

**A:** How could there be when all is information? If something exists at all in your realm, it derives from a "higher" realm of information. How then could it be "random"? Sets.

**Q:** (Ark) Sets? (Perceval) Mathematical sets. That's the answer. (Pierre) Sets of what? (Ark) Seth! (L) S-E-T-S. (Ark) Seth. You don't remember about probabilities and Seth? (L) No, they said, "sets". (Ark) I know... (laughter) (Andromeda) Seth Speaks!

**A:** Your realm, that is 3D and time, are a "set".

**Q:** (Ark) A set.

**A:** A set is defined.

**Q:** (Ark) What? (Perceval) "A set is defined."

**A:** Delimited.

**Q:** (Mr. Scott) So if you want to go to 4D, you need a bigger piece of paper so you can write a bigger set. Piece of cake. (L) Okay, are we done? (Pierre) Did the catastrophic events that occurred around 2300 BC modify the axial tilt of our planet?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) How many degrees?

**A:** 20. Not in an "instant" but quickly enough taking scale into account.

**Q:** (Pierre) And how many descendants of Caesar are in this room? (L) Oh, that's a tricky question!

**A:** All of you! Caesar "got around!"

**Q:** (laughter) (Pierre) He sure was active! (Ark) I have a question. You {Laura} are taking these cold baths, but I am getting up with these headaches. Should I also like put my head in the cold bath to stop these morning headaches?

**A:** Yes and your remodeling plans should help a lot also.

**Q:** (Chu) The remodeling of your bedroom. (L) He gets his headaches in bed. He wakes up with them. It's those curved walls that are deadly. Dead man's curve! (Pierre) We have to do that. (L) But I dread it. It's gonna be such a mess.

**A:** But you will love it when it is done, and the reality will change dramatically in concert with the relief of psychic and physiological constrictions and restraints.

**Q:** (Chu) So you have to do it now! (L) Was I right about the door in Pierre's bedroom, and the Feng Shui?

**A:** Absolutely!

**Q:** (Pierre) That was a low attack! (laughter) (PoB) There was one person on the forum who wanted us to ask a question, and you said something about... (L) Oh, we were going to ask about this J\_\_\_ person who believes that she is an STO Nordic or something. I guess we better ask about this J\_\_ on the forum who sent me a PM. Is J\_\_ a 4D STO being?

**A:** Nonsense! We have covered this extensively!

**Q:** (L) Well, she thinks that because she's 4D STO that she's under constant and terrible attack to prevent her from doing her true work.

**A:** Double nonsense!! If she were here on a "mission" as such a claim suggests, the ways and means to deal with such things would be "part of the package." The fact that this person has no "works" of any significance and only excuses about "attacks" is quite telling.

**Q:** (L) So, you are saying she would know how to do things. She would learn how to deal with things like we did by doing and having the internal fortitude to withstand the lessons. It's part of the package. You have the drive to learn about the things you need to learn about in order to do the things you need to do, and the stamina to survive it all. And it's from inside you.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, what is the deal with this individual, or do you even wish to address that?

**A:** No comment on that score, or lack thereof.

**Q:** (L) So in others words, no score. So, anything that we should ask, that we didn't ask, that would be behooved to ask if we were able to think about asking it? (laughter) I'm tricky, huh?

**A:** You are tired, but tricky. Things are unfolding as they should; you are all doing well and soon others will join your reality. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

