## May 10, 2014
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, PoB, Kniall, Data, Mr. Scott, Alana

Joining via Skype:

Emma, Renaissance, Nancy2feathers, shellycheval, Pete, Divide by Zero, Puck, seek10, Jerry, ankhepiphan, Pegasus, Nuke, and the doggies Pancho and Rusty

**Q:** (L) [Hellos and introductions] This is May 10, 2014. I'm having another Pink Floyd moment. Hello? Is there anybody in there?

**A:** Always! Opinnia of Cassiopaea! Welcome to guests too!

**Q:** {Pointer circles around several times.} (L) Oh, we've got a live one tonight! Okay, our questions are: We had an interview with Paul Levy the other night. He wrote a book about what he calls the Wetiko Virus. One of the things he was talking about was that it's kinda like the predator's mind of Castaneda, the buffers of Gurdjieff; that it's like programs or the narratives that your conscious mind creates in response to distorted emotions or distorted perceptions in your adaptive unconscious. I think this is something that we've witnessed to a great extent. But his main point was that when people have this virus, you can kind of tell that they have it because they project all the shadow outside, out there, onto others. Then the other point came up that they kind of lose their creativity, their ability to do things. Now, we have noticed this a great deal because we've just been doing taxes for the past couple of weeks. (I hope ya'll appreciate how much we've suffered to keep this organization going. And we're still not finished: I got up at 4:30 this morning and I was filling out tax schedules to send off with the tax form. And I'm gonna have to do it again tomorrow because I'm still not done. We end up with like 50-page tax returns for each organization.) So, what I noticed, because you have to look at everything, is that there's about...

[Skype connection dies... Dies again... Then a break for modem reset and reconnection...]

(L) You didn't miss anything. We just went on pause and reset our modem. Okay, unpause! We just stopped talking. Everything froze. Okay, anyway, what I noticed during taxes was that there are about 20 people who consistently donate significant amounts so that they literally keep everything running. And these actually turn out to be mostly the same people who do most of the work that actually helps us here in our overburdened state; like helping others on the forum, working on SOTT, working on translations and so forth. Some of them are there in that room on the other side of the skype camera. I'm not naming names. Anyway, what I'm wondering is: is this idea of Wetiko - looking at a frequency fence that we mentioned in the last session as being something that prevents you from doing anything - is the frequency fence really the root cause of why people are so unable to unlock their potential? Because what it amounts to is potential. Potential for doing a lot of things. Okay, so is the frequency fence the real reason? Is it like the Wetiko virus of Paul Levy?

**A:** If you know about something that can act against you, then you have won half the battle assuming that your heart is in the war.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so the next question is: We have numerous activities that are creative for people to be able to release some of their pent up emotions about all of the things that are happening in the world that make everybody unhappy. They can get on SOTT, they can write commentary, they can work on the forum, they can write things on the forum, they can have exchanges, they can have meetings with other people. There are many things that people could be doing, but it's like the excuse always comes down to, "Oh, the frequency fence. I can't do anything because I'm depressed, or I'm this, or I'm that or the other thing." You're saying that they've won half the battle, but it seems to me that it's harder than that. There is something else. How to get over that initial resistance?

**A:** Taking the bull by the horns is always fearful in the imagination, but when you approach the beast, he usually lays down and submits.

**Q:** (L) That doesn't answer my question. Okay, what constitutes "approaching the beast"? Since that seems to be where everybody gets stuck...

**A:** As Yoda said, no try, just do, if only a little. That will break the logjam. Butterfly wings and all that.

**Q:** (L) Let me give a specific example. We have 108 editors on SOTT. We have 108 people who volunteered to work on SOTT. How many actually do? (Mr. Scott) Not very many. (Chu) 15 or 20? (Mr. Scott) I haven't checked lately, but probably about 15 or 20. But the people who post the most, it's usually like 3 or 4 people. (L) And the people who do the most are usually 3 or 4 people. And the same with some of the other languages. We have millions of readers, and this is a platform for people to actually be creative and say things and do things, and get messages across, and begin that creative process. But they can't do it because - and I know why - because it's so freaking depressing! I mean, you read the news, and you say, "Oh Geezus! Why don't I just go out and jump off a cliff because everything is so awful?!" I mean, I understand that...

**A:** See previous answer and do not underestimate the cumulative effect over time. All of you should just remember where you were five years ago, or ten years. The changes did not happen overnight now did they?

**Q:** (L) Can anybody think of another question to get me where I want to go here? (shellycheval) As individuals, what's the single most important thing we should do to Do, and to not try, but to actually take actions? What can we do to motivate ourselves as individuals? Is there something we can say or do...?

**A:** Service to others. Notice that the people with the most problems that always talk only about themselves and their troubles, are the ones who do and give the least. They do not have confidence in the universal law of LIFE: Get things moving and you create a vacuum in your life into which energy can flow.

**Q:** (L) So, basically what you're saying is that people should think of it as a kind of a law that when you... maybe like the old biblical expression: "Cast your bread on the waters, and after many days, it will return to you" sort of thing? Just do it, and keep doing it without anticipation?

**A:** Absolutely! And it is true and works. Just notice people who do and give a lot: Are they spending time focused on the self? No!

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but everybody's got wounds and issues and all that kind of thing to work on. I mean...

**A:** [letters come very quickly] Balance! A portion of a day can be spent on reflection, but not too much. This is the Wetiko Virus: obsession with the self and subjective personal issues. The next time you feel yourself slipping into despair, just tell others how you are feeling and think of something you can do for another to prevent them from suffering the same feelings. [letters come more slowly now:] Thus you will witness the birth of true empathy.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I think we've covered the topic sufficiently. So, ya'll can ask some questions now. (Jerry) I have a personal question to ask. (L) Go ahead. (Jerry) When I was a young child, I was standing alone and something dreadful hit me instantly, and I didn't want anyone to know the full physical and mental threat. And I thought I was gonna puke. So I went and locked myself up in the bathroom and I prayed to god - mind you I was a child - and I made a promise that if he would take it away, I would dedicate my life to all people receiving the Holy Spirit. I was raised Catholic. All I remember is this golden light, and the next memory I have is like I was just a normal child playing with friends and family. And I've been thinking about this all my life. What happened?

**A:** Attachment arrived and was accepted.

**Q:** (Jerry) Was that a form of bidding? The threat that came over me, was that a kind of bidding?

**A:** Close enough. Think back to period prior and note the weakened state and vulnerability.

**Q:** (Jerry) Thanks. (L) Next? (ankhepiphan) Okay, I've been obsessed with this, my idea to make electronic devices.... [rest of question didn't come through clearly, but the gist is he wants to know about whether making all kinds of gadgets is useful]

**A:** We notice you show up to receive, but you are seldom available to give what is asked and truly needed and helpful. Wetiko...

**Q:** (ankhepiphan) [Question about irregular heartbeat...]

**A:** How is your diet? Soda?

**Q:** (Pegasus) Drinking soda?! (ankhepiphan) No, I tried to limit that but... (Pegasus) Well, why would you even ask? That stuff will do your heart in quicker than anything. (ankhepiphan) Well, I think it has to do with the stent that was put in a couple years ago. Because a pressure builds and then releases and it's just a strange thing...

**A:** If you do not create "without" your body will "create within".

**Q:** (Renaissance) When the Body Says No. (Pete) I have a quick question. I'm coming up on the one year anniversary of my brother's passing. I was just curious if he's made it to 5D? (L) What's his name? (Pete) A\*\*\*.

**A:** Yes, the passing through took some "time" but he did make it through.

**Q:** (Pete) Okay, thank you. (L) Next? (Nancy2feathers) I have a court date that has been postponed four times for my divorce, including this Monday. Is there something I can do that I'm not doing that can speed it along?

**A:** Very often significant life changing events take some time and energy to push through. But it will be accomplished with persistence. Also, along with tonight's theme, you can increase the energy flow by creating a vacuum by giving and doing!

**Q:** (L) It's going to work out. (seek10) In 1912, the ship that sank was Titanic, or what it was? [reference to the story that the ship that sank was not the Titanic, but a sister ship named Olympus, and that there was some kind of insurance scam involved.]

**A:** What would be the point?

**Q:** (laughter) (seek10) Just want to know the truth. (Puck) So, sometimes I've had these like really intense surges in chi, and I was just wondering what's up with that?

**A:** DNA changes due to your changes in lifestyle.

**Q:** (L) Next? (Renaissance) Do the C's have any messages for the Northeast group?

**A:** You have a good foundation there, all that is needed is to increase mutual cooperation and connection with networking principles. We will help on the etheric level, but the energy flows better when there is action on your part as well.

**Q:** (L) Okay, give us a last question or two, because I'm getting tired. (shellycheval) Um, am I doing the right thing selling the farm and downsizing?

**A:** Will it help your "homies"?

**Q:** (L) That influence is coming from Puck, I tell you! (laughter) (shellycheval) I invited everybody to move down there, but nobody wants to live that close to DC.

**A:** Nor should you!!!

**Q:** (shellycheval) Oh, I should move away from there as soon as possible. Got it. (Emma) In 1988 my father died and he was 59 years old. I grew up in Hungary and he used to work for the government as a technician for the Army, the military. So he worked in that place, and it was 1988 and we don't know how, but he died. So I don't know the cause of his death, and we never got an autopsy, and I was wondering what caused this? Thank you.

**A:** Heavy metals.

**Q:** (Emma) Heavy metals? Wow! Thank you. (L) Anything else? Oh come on, Puck! (Nuke) I do have a question that I don't really have much to go on, and that's why I thought of asking. It is a personal question though. When I was a kid, about three years old or so, we had a babysitter. Up until that point I have a few memories, but then there's chunks that are missing. And I thought about finding a therapist, but it's hard to find someone I could trust, so. So that would be my question. What happened there? Did she do anything there? What's the reason why I can't remember most of my childhood?

**A:** You were molested and shamed. It happens to almost half of all children in your society. SRT might be quicker and cheaper.

**Q:** (Nuke) Thank you. (Jerry) Was Josephus actually Saint Paul from the New Testament?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (ankhepiphan) Okay, I have one more question. My question is am I totally lost [???]

**A:** You still think you can think your way out of your problems and issues. You can't. When are you going to give up your FEAR and ANGER?

**Q:** (ankhepiphan) Fear and anger for what?

**A:** For life not being the way you want it to be.

**Q:** (Puck) You got enough for one more, Laura? (L) One more. (Puck) I just wanted to ask if my writing and going the air B&B route with my apartment is a good plan for me to get myself in a good financial situation so that I can move to North Carolina?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Puck) Score! Thank you. (L) Okay guys, I'm tired, so we're gonna say goodnight. [Goodnights and thank yous and goodbyes] (L) Ya'll have some karaoke and do some EE. Do you have a karaoke machine there? (Pete) No. (Emma) We can sing a capella, don't worry about it! (L) Okay, sing, sing, sing! Goodnight!

END OF SESSION

