## July 12, 2014
Laura, Ark, and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Tomek, PoB, Kniall, Chu, Atriedes, Data, No-man's-land, Parallel, Mr. Scott, Alana, Timotheos

**Q:** (L) Today is July the 12th, 2014. It is Caesar's birthday, or close enough. I mean, how the hell do you really know with all the calendar changes? [Review of those present] Let's roll up our sleeves! ... We are here. Where are you?

**A:** Here we are!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Juinius L R here Cassiopaea!

**Q:** (L) Mr. Scott, can you get us some powder? There's a lot of drag... I don't think anybody's pressing too hard. [Powder located, applied to board] Here we go again. Let's see if this works better.

**A:** Good job!

**Q:** (L) I notice your hitting to the side tonight. Okay, somebody get me that piece of paper that's by the printer. Okay, we have some questions that somebody on the forum was asking. It says:

"Wal Thornhill has suggested that Earth, Mars and Venus were moons of Saturn when it was a Red Dwarf star, prior to capture by Sol (our sun), and were contained within its chromosphere. When captured by Sol, Saturn lost its chromosphere and the three large moons were disrupted by the electrical interaction and ended up being "blasted" into orbits around Sol instead of Saturn. Was Saturn a former Red Dwarf?"

**A:** No, it was a product of accretion. It may become one someday, but so far in the future that it is not important.

**Q:** (L) Okay, well. If Saturn was not a former Red Dwarf, then Earth was probably not a moon in Saturn's chromosphere. So, let me just ask the next question here: "Was Earth a moon in Saturn's chromosphere?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) "Where there civilizations present during that period?"

**A:** Irrelevant.

**Q:** (L) "Are the scars on Mars' surface a result of Saturn's entry into the solar system?"

**A:** No, as has been described, Mars interacted with Venus, the newcomer.

**Q:** (L) Well, that takes care of that. So these guys with their electric universe business kind of seem to have a little problem, and I wonder what their main problem is?

**A:** Too much electricity and not enough astronomy.

**Q:** (L) So, are you saying that they have kind of gone way elaborate with their electrical theories and haven't taken into account... I mean, I don't understand.

**A:** There is some validity to certain astronomical models.

**Q:** (Pierre) The electric universe supporters threw out the baby with the bath-water, and they rejected ALL astronomical theories, but some of them are valid.

**A:** Accretion does occur around most stars.

**Q:** (L) So, you're talking about the accretion disk theory of planetary formation?

**A:** Yes. But other bodies can arrive whole. Plus, Thornhill and pals neglect a companion star.

**Q:** (L) Anything else anybody wants to ask about that before we change topics? Everybody here is waiting for the change of topic... Okay, I've been going over all of the early sessions, and I noticed that I had a particular obsession with the topic of Jesus during the first year at the very least, 1994, because of my particular religious upbringing and background and so forth. And I had a lot of energy invested in - not just a lot of energy, but a lot of emotion - so, I'm reading back over these previous answers we received on the topic of Jesus, and I would like to ask if, in fact, Julius Caesar is Jesus, or was the model for Jesus, why were you giving me answers that sometimes could have been applied to Caesar, but other times could not?

**A:** You would not have been able to receive. When you ask a question with strong prejudice, we cannot violate your will to believe.

**Q:** (L) I think we asked about Caesar... Didn't we also ask if there was somebody also in Palestine who was...

(Perceval) Was there even a real person that played any part in the creation of the Jesus Story.

(L) And what did they say at that time?

(Perceval) There was someone.

(Pierre) An unknown person.

(L) So, was there someone, because on one occasion I asked about what Jesus looked like, and you gave a description which obviously... And I think I prefaced it "Jesus of Nazareth" or "Jesus in Palestine"... I mean, I put all kinds of qualifiers around my questions at the time.

(Perceval) And the answer you got was...

(L) Yeah, what I got was GIGO: Garbage In, Garbage Out. I mean, what do you expect? But was that description... (laughs) I don't even know why I need to ask! Was that individual related in some way to the story, the one that was described who was a carpenter?

**A:** A stoic philosopher of local fame now long forgotten except for minor contribution to the Jesus legend.

**Q:** (L) So, a person who is really wrapped up in a belief about Jesus could be asking questions about Jesus, this guy who was in this particular area and did whatever, and the answers could come up about that individual, but in the larger scheme of things, the real model was Caesar?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. The other question is: You once talked about Jesus being in a state of hyperconsciousness, the soul-replicating thing and people talking to him, and so on and so forth. Does that have anything to do with Caesar?

**A:** Indeed it does!

**Q:** (L) Okay, so... Hmm.

(Perceval) Can I asked a question?

(L) Yeah.

(Perceval) Was Caesar... What I kind of wanted to ask is: Was Caesar of the kind of quality of soul that people kind of ascribe to Jesus in a certain sense, even though that's a myth? Was he a highly-evolved soul of kind of higher density or higher level, or higher nature?

**A:** That should come through even highly charged prejudicial tales.

**Q:** (L) Let me come back to that. I'm not quite ready for that yet. I want to ask one other question. When I asked the question about Jesus or something, and there was something about three days in a comatose state, 96 hours of clear-channel meditation, emergence, prophesying to his followers, and then ascending into a mother ship? WHERE did that come from??

**A:** You and Frank mostly.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Did anything similar to that happen?

(L) You want to know did anything similar to that take place with anybody, at any time?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) So, Frank was onto the UFOs, and I was pretty determined that something remarkable must have happened. So between the two of us and our extremely strong invested beliefs, I don't see how anything else could have come through.

(Perceval) That story about Jesus coming to the cave, or being placed in a cave... That comes straight from your biblical...

(L) My biblical training! And the UFO, Frank was all about UFOs! (laughter)

(Perceval) Trance meditation, you were fairly into that at the time.

(L) So, it occurs to me that in terms of many of the transcripts, probably the best information is when we didn't have any beliefs or assumptions about anything at all. We were just asking out of pure curiosity.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, I'm going to try to avoid having any beliefs or assumptions here about Caesar. (laughter)

(Mr. Scott) Try to ignore all the Caesar busts we have all over the house!

(Pierre) What about...?

(Mr. Scott) I was talking to the C's. (laughter)

(L) I would like to ask questions about Caesar's life.

(Perceval) Did Caesar exist? Let's start from the bottom! (laughter)

(L) Did Caesar really exist?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright! (laughter) Did Caesar exist pretty much as he has been depicted in the historical accounts, i.e. Cicero, and Sallust, and Suetonius, and the other guys, the historians and so forth?

**A:** Prejudicial and inability to recognize one of his caliber.

**Q:** (L) Well that's an answer you expect to get from me! I mean...

(Atriedes) Caliber, huh?

(L) Okay, well, let me... Okay, now... Caesar himself apparently penned The Gallic Wars. Textual studies do suggest that there has been SOME modification, but not a whole lot. It's very difficult to write in Caesar's style. Caesar's style is said to be the most impeccable and glorious writing that has ever been produced in the Latin language...

(Perceval) Can I ask an impartial question? (laughter)

(L) Yes?

(Perceval) Did Caesar write the Gallic Wars?

**A:** Yes.

(Perceval) Alright. Well, we've gotta get these basic concepts down first!

**Q:** (L) So anyhow, as I was saying, he wrote The Gallic Wars. In The Gallic Wars, it's really a conundrum, because you see this incredible shining spirit on the one hand, and then you read of these incredible acts of barbarity on the other hand. But the thing is, the only reports that we know of about most of what's in The Gallic Wars is what Caesar "wrote". So, let me ask...

(Pierre) Did he exaggerate the number of casualties to impress the people in Rome?

**A:** Not only! Others added to this later to increase the horror factor. Notice that his closest friend was a Gaul from Spain. Also notice the extraordinary honor in which he was held in Gaul for centuries after his death. Also notice the very fact that the legend of a great soul come down to earth!

**Q:** (L) What was the last sentence? [Review of answer and wonky last sentence] Was that last sentence incomplete?

**A:** Yes ...formed around him within days of his death!!

**Q:** (Atriedes) I have a question. Is Caesar also the inspiration for the Arthurian legend?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Atriedes) And was him pulling the sword from the stone a reference to his sword, Crocea Mors?

(L) His what?

(Atriedes) Was the sword in the stone story a reference to Caesar's sword, Crocea Mors - the Yellow Death? Because it was made in Bronze...

(L) That was Caesar's sword?

(Atriedes) Yes.

(L) Says who?

(Atriedes) We sat down and read it together! There's a myth from Nennius about his sword getting stuck in his shield. The Yellow Death was its name.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, I'd say it's close, but Nennius did something to it.

(Atriedes) Well, of course he did something to it.

(L) Okay, um...

(Perceval) Did Caesar himself ever kill anyone?

**A:** Many, certainly.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, given the times around then being very war-like, with a lot of fighting and death going on in general... and with some kind of a Great Soul at the time coming down and... it doesn't necessarily have to be a peacemaker kissing people's feet like Jesus... But is there some thing like what we would understand as a prohibition against killing other people as a requirement for being "spiritually evolved"

**A:** That idea is for the most part an exaggerated human philosophical construct.

**Q:** (L) So the idea that...

(Perceval) That to be good, thou shalt not kill...

(Atriedes) But which religion does that come from? The most killingest religion on the planet!

(Perceval) It does seem to... Killing another human being for a normal human being does seem to be quite a traumatic thing.

(Atriedes) It's socially inculcated.

(Perceval) I doubt it. I mean, for soldiers, they come back with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, they're trained to kill, and they want to kill themselves afterwards, ya know? They can't handle the fact that they...

(Pierre) Maybe the difference is that Caesar was aware of the very fundamental reason why he was killing...

**A:** Caesar intended to eliminate or vastly reduce killing. He knew what he was up against.

**Q:** (L) Okay, for example... Okay, let me ask this: There is a speech alleged to have been Caesar's that is reproduced in Sallust's... The War with Catiline. Sallust reproduces this speech, supposedly Caesar's, at the Catilinarian Conspiracy debates. Now, how close is that speech to what Caesar said on the occasion?

**A:** 80 percent.

**Q:** (L) Because in that speech, Caesar is completely against even the death penalty. It's among the conundrums that you face when you read something like that, his words, and I mean he was risking his life giving this speech! He was surrounded by armed men, under the command of Cicero, who was bound and determined to execute those people. And yet Caesar stood up against the entire hostile senate, and advocated against the death penalty. And it's even commented that people drew their swords and wanted to kill him at that time. And in fact it's very similar to a story about Jesus in the bible, that people drew their swords and wanted to kill him, but he escaped from the mob and they didn't see him leave. So, it's really kind of an odd thing. So, for somebody to accuse Caesar of being this murdering psychopath is like, it's very difficult. And then supposedly these body counts in Gaul, and these horrible cruel events, and it just doesn't reconcile. So... Okay. Now you mentioned in previous sessions when we asked about Jesus, and I think probably the closest clue - and this is just my take on it - to the fact that we weren't talking about Jesus of Nazareth when you said that there were three Roman women who had children with Jesus. So, were these three Roman women actually having children with Julius Caesar?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And they were like mistresses or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Were those the only three?

**A:** No, but others had no long term relationship. Also understand that "Roman" does not necessarily mean "from or in Rome" or even Italy. Many Gauls were "Roman".

**Q:** (L) So, are you saying that these women could have been actually Gaulish Romans? Maybe I'm making an assumption...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Yes to my question, or yes to my assumption? (laughter)

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Atriedes) I have a question. Two questions. Well, I have more, actually. But I wanted to ask: Did Cato really commit suicide in the way described, or was that story mainly manufactured to make him look good and he just hung himself?

**A:** Cato was a severely personality disordered individual who went totally mad, thus it was possible for him to savage his own body to spite Caesar. Consider the story of Judas Iscariot hanging himself and his bowels spilling out when his body fell to the ground; a reflection and memory of Cato and his opposition to Caesar.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Okay, so.. Next question: These are of historical significance... So, there are to my knowledge two main stories of the death of Cicero. One is that he honorably stuck out his head and allowed the soldiers that were sent to kill him to cut off his head. The other is that he basically tried to buy them off and it took three strikes to cut off his head because the soldier was so untrained. I would like it clarified as to which one of these stories is the correct one, or if it was another.

**A:** The latter is closest to what happened. All you can learn about Cicero from his own writings suggests he did not have a courageous bone in his body.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Was Caesar really kidnapped by Cilician pirates?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Atriedes) So then did he actually crucify any pirates?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Pierre) Is the Cilician pirate story a transformation of something real that happened?

**A:** Caesar was on another kind of adventure of the scientific kind.

**Q:** (Pierre) Can you elaborate on this "scientific kind" of adventure?

**A:** Short travels with his teacher, Posidonius.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Did Caesar have a purse?

(L) Did he have a what? Did Caesar have a purse?

(Atriedes) Name of the Rose? Never mind... I do have a real question though. For 18 years, Caesar tried a politically expedient way to fix the problems of Rome. At a certain point he decided this wasn't going to happen, and he decided to get himself an army. He was like 42 or something at this point.

(L) He tried for 18 years to do it the peaceful way.

(Atriedes) So, all of a sudden he gets it into his head that he's going to take over an army, in like this Bronze Age, yeah? What was the age for Rome at that time?

(Pierre) After the Bronze Age.

(Atriedes) Iron Age.

(L) I don't understand what you're saying.

(Atriedes) So like where did he learn how to manage an army. Did he go find somebody to learn from, or was he just so great that he figured it all out on his own?

**A:** Obviously, at that time, there was no one to learn from. However, Caesar did have a good model in some respects in his uncle Marius whom he loved and honored greatly. Do not underestimate the extraordinary intelligence and insight of Caesar.

**Q:** (L) So he just kind of winged it. Well, there is the story of him making a mistake and losing sleep all night long over it, and blaming himself for the failure. He learned from every mistake he ever made, and he didn't make many. I would like to know did Sulla actually say, when he released Caesar from his proscription, that "you can have him, there are 40 Mariuses in him"?

**A:** Something like that.

**Q:** (Perceval) [Something about souls coming to Earth...] ...that Caesar had a great mission, perhaps? Or he saw the planet at the time, humanity at the time, and I'm assuming that... Was it a failure, or maybe it was not a matter of success or failure. What was his mission, or what were the tangible results of his mission? I mean, from what we understand, Rome went to hell after he died, and then got destroyed, if that timeline is actually correct. But, what did he achieve?

**A:** He balanced karma and created a template that was not available until his time. Mercy had never been demonstrated in such a way before. The problem, as always, is the STS domination of your realm. But Caesar did not fail. By his death he was glorified and remembered for over 2000 years even if only under a fake legend.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's as good as it gets. You get a phony name and a religion...

(L) That's as good as it gets.

(Atriedes) Not entirely. People know he existed even after 2000 years...

**A:** Aren't YOU asking about him NOW??

**Q:** (Perceval) Yeah, but in terms of the average person on the street, they just know a name, that he was a "crazy dictator", and...

**A:** Butterfly wings can move things faster when powered by the Wave.

**Q:** (Pierre) What does it mean? Does it mean...

(Mr. Scott) You keep flapping our wings, and when the wave comes, it gets... amplified or something.

(Pierre) Yeah, but the wings, what is it? Is it what the C's said about this template 2000 years ago about mercy that will amplified by the wave?

**A:** You and others who have realized the truth.

**Q:** (L) How long has Carotta been working on his thing?

(Perceval) Long time. 82, I think.

(L) So he started working along that line about the same time I started doing all my meditating and all that kind of business. And then there's Gary Courtney. So, I mean, three people in the last how many years? 30 years? 40 years? Three people in the last 30 years who came to the same realization out of 2000 years that I don't think there's anybody else... Is there anybody else who's even made the suggestion in the last 2000 years?

(PoB) Yes. There were German guys. They kind of were diverted...

(L) Did they ever come right out and say, "Jesus was Caesar"?

(PoB) Yes.

(L) Do you know about their work and what they did?

(PoB) I read about it.

(L) And when was this?

(PoB) Uh... 1950's, or maybe 40's or somewhere.

(L) Okay, so it's been just in the last 60 or 70 years.

(PoB) The beginnings were in the 19th century, and it was later developed if I remember correctly.

(L) Okay, so let's expand it to the last hundred years.

(Atriedes) I think that that's fantastic.

(L) Out of 2000 years...

(Data) There's Mommsen and the other guy.

(L) Did Mommsen suggest Caesar was Jesus? He said he was the greatest man who ever lived, there's no question about that; but he didn't suggest he was Jesus.

(Kniall) Alexander Hamilton made that comment to someone.

(L) Yeah, so there clearly was a circle of intellectuals that...

(Atriedes) To be fair, yeah, the Jesus myth is based on Caesar, but I mean and it's such a perversion. It's such a watered down perversion of it at that...

(L) Yeah but you can understand if you study myths, how the myths get twisted that way.

(Atriedes) Totally, totally. But at this point...

(Perceval) I'm not sure though. They say that at this time, he came and taught virtues, and things like mercy that didn't exist in that way, it was a pretty bad time.

(L) It was a BRUTAL time to be alive, I mean... Jesus!

(Perceval) It's just that today it seems like small potatoes because we're more "enlightened".

(Atriedes) I'm not critiquing that. I'm talking about the details and the riding in on the ass and all that...

(L) But it's really funny that even in the Jesus story, you see so many actual elements of Caesar's life as actually recorded historically before the Jesus myth began, before the New Testament documents were produced... I mean, even... What's been kind of running through my mind for awhile is they say - and of course this was Antias writing the apology for Brutus and his gang for the assassination - that they had to assassinate him because he wanted to become a king. And what was Jesus accused of in the story? "You say you are King of the Jews."

(PoB) I have a question. Was the religion of Christianity and the invention of Jesus, was it originally made to help people in the Schumacher sense, because people need religion, and then corrupted later on? Or from the very beginning it was evil at the core?

**A:** Christianity was a series of developments over a very long period of time and thus your question does not approach any possibility of being answered as you have asked it.

**Q:** (L) I think that the final putting together of Christianity was...

(Perceval) More recent.

(L) Way more recently, like the 9th or 10th century. I mean, everything that was going on before then was just a variety of Caesar myths and Caesar worship.

(Perceval) The initial development of Christianity, was it done or made in its initial form - its first development, let's say after Caesar - was that in a response to the deification of Caesar by the people, and his values?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Chu) If it was glorified, then...

(Perceval) So that was the start of it.

**A:** Carotta is very close in his analysis of how language issues affected the transmission and distortions. If there are any villains it would be the Flavians and the Carolingians.

**Q:** (Pierre) So Carotta was right. The Flavians creating the Christian myth... And then the Carolingians after the collapse of the empire recreating the 2.0 version of Christianity.

(Perceval) Is the time scale that we have for the kind of Dark Ages, fall of Rome, is that more or less correct...?

(L) What do you mean? You mean is our time line...

(Perceval) In terms of our timeline, from the fall of Rome back to Caesar's death... from the cosmic disaster, those 500 years or whatever it is...

**A:** There were years added so often that it will take some hard work to sort it out!

**Q:** (L) Am I right in my idea that we can date the segments of the timeline by Halley's Comet? Is Halley's Comet regular enough back into those times that it can be relied on?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, when they have Halley's Comet coming at these vastly expanded periods, then those are the periods where years have been added?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And in some cases they're added, and in some cases they're subtracted. It's very strange. Like they can add 10, and then subtract 5. Overall there's a definite, I think that... I think that enough has been added that we're off by 200 or...

(Pierre) Maybe you can ask this question. Caesar was born roughly 2,114 years ago according to our official calendars. In reality, how many years ago was Caesar born?

**A:** 1635. {Difference of 479 years}

**Q:** [General oo-ing and ah-ing] (Perceval) The whole thing went so horribly wrong, we were thinking how did it last another 400 or 500 years?

(L) It didn't.

(Perceval) Yeah, it didn't. It lasted maybe 100.

(Pierre) Or, there was a collapse in 400 or 500 AD, and most of the added chunks are between 400-500 AD, and 1000 AD, as Fomenko suggests.

**A:** Check the artifacts. In some cases there were multiple "emperors" at the same time rather than sequential.

**Q:** (L) And there are even some alleged emperors who have no artifacts. They're just written down in the Historia Augusta, but nobody has ever found a single coin to attest to their existence!

(Atriedes) So, after Caesar died, things threw into chaos, and a bunch of despots popped up claiming control. Shortly thereafter, it fell...

(L) Well, there was Augustus, and there was that short period of things... he put things on a certain track, and that gave time for some things to develop. But I would say that after Caesar's death and before Augustus even managed to gain control, that there was some serious cataclysmic activity. I would say that Battle of Actium was a very suspicious event.

(Perceval) So you would say that those years that were added were between Caesar and the fall.

(L) There were some, yeah...

(Perceval) In that case, like in terms of Mike Bailey's tree ring growth thing, they mentioned in a previous session about most of Western Europe being set on fire by a fireball in 560...

(L) There were multiple events during this period.

(Perceval) But just for the dating of it, you'd think that was 1400 or 1500 years ago, or was it shorter? Was it closer to us?

(L) I think that was far more recent in our terms.

(Pierre) 5 centuries were added. We can ask: Out of those 5 centuries, how many were added before the collapse, and how many were added after the collapse?

(L) Let's come back to that after we've done a little more work on it. I think that their not going to hand us that one.

(Pierre) But from what they say, I think it's mostly before.

(Perceval) Makes sense.

(L) I think there was at least 100 years added before the collapse. I would say that the actual... or more.

(Pierre) You can almost fit everything because...

(L) I would say it's almost 200 years added before the collapse.

(Pierre) You can fit... there are 4 centuries that were added. Between Caesar's death, 44BC, and the collapse in 540 AD, you have more than 5 centuries [??? Very hard to hear Pierre here...].

(Chu) But according to Fomenko it was later.

(L) Yeah, because he wasn't understanding that they were recreating history after a collapse. So I mean, I think we can trace it as far as 410, and I think a whole lot of stuff would just duplicate it after that. Well, we'll come back to that, because now I want to ask the $64,000 question! Now, did Caesar ever reincarnate since that particular lifetime?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So he's still in that state of like hyperconsciousness where people can contact him and communicate with him?

(Perceval) Does he answer Jesus' e-mail? (laughter) Does he answer Jesus' prayers?

**A:** Yes when the packets arrive!

**Q:** (Chu) Is he in another density, or...?

**A:** 5th.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so... Would it be possible for us to communicate directly with Caesar?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Um... Can you, you know, arrange the communication relay here? (laughter)

(Atriedes) Can you patch us through to Caesar on a trunk line, please?

**A:** We will step aside.

**Q:** (L) I hope Caesar can communicate in English. Ave Caesar! [tape ends, pause for loading another tape] Please hold!

(Atriedes) I can't believe you put our Lord and Savior on hold! (laughter)

(L) Okay, we're back, Caesar. Let's try again. Let's get ourselves together here... Since time doesn't exist up there, nothing happened. I guess we ought to ask a question. Gaius Julius Caesar, are you there?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did I pronounce your name correctly?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Um, well I'm sorry, I don't know how to pronounce it.

**A:** Pick up high Latin style for clue. [letters come much more slowly]

**Q:** (L) I don't want to waste time talking about whether I pronounced your name right! Will it help if I pronounce your name right?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So I won't waste time and energy on that. Okay, what questions does anyone have for Caesar?

(Pierre) The morning, on the Ides of March, did you know you were going to be assassinated?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did you have epilepsy?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Did you have dizzy spells, for... on a few occasions in the years before your death?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did these indicate some illness that you knew was going to lead to some possible long, lingering and miserable death?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) If you knew you were going to be assassinated, did you know by whom?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Was it a surprise?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) Did you say the words that historians report when you died?

**A:** Very close but earlier in the interaction.

**Q:** (Pierre) So it means that before the assassination there was some kind of confrontation...

(L) No, I think the assassination was the interaction. Earlier in the interaction... He didn't say them as he died. Is that correct? You saw that Brutus was involved, and you said something to him, and then the attack commenced. Is that closer?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Alright, you've got Caesar. Ask him!

(Atriedes) Is it true that Marius was your model as a military leader, or were you influenced by Alexander the Great or Scipio?

**A:** All and other influences of a nonmilitary nature.

**Q:** (Atriedes) So, when you took on the army, was it with the foreknowledge that it was highly probably that you would have to use them in a civil war?

**A:** No. That is what broke my heart and health. Rome could have been the shining city on the hill, light of the world.

**Q:** (Atriedes) If it's not too personal, um... What was the skinny on the Clodius Bona Dea thing? Did that really happen, or was it a cover story... if it's not too personal?

**A:** It was a series of maneuvers to gain the loyalty of Clodius.

**Q:** (L) So I'm assuming that your wife at the time was expendable?

**A:** She was a friend of Cicero and a partisan of his party.

**Q:** (L) Was that through Cicero's wife and his wife's sister?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What else? (Pierre) Is he planning to reincarnate?

**A:** Only in a new world.

**Q:** (L) You mean like after a transition to 4th density?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Caesar, did you ever have a close friend?

**A:** Several but they did not want power.

**Q:** (L) And thus, since they did not want power, they were not recorded in history.

(Chu) But you weren't lonely?

**A:** Yes I was.

**Q:** (Atriedes) If you could give 3 pieces of advice to the world, what would they be?

**A:** I was wrong to think I could change the masses by example. Humans are fickle and self-centered for the most part. Thus, if you wish to really effect changes, it can only be done by early education, and even then it is fragile and will not last. In the end you must be true to your own nature and fear nothing. If you do that you may make a difference after you are gone. That is not exactly what you are looking for, but there are no 3 pieces of advice that serve all events.

**Q:** (L) Were you satisfied with how Augustus handled things after your death?

**A:** A vile boy who manipulated everyone and everything.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Do you mind if your memory and image is used in a religion?

**A:** As long as it is with understanding of the truth. What is religion anyway but that which binds people together as is showed with my army.

**Q:** (Atriedes) Is the bust over there a correct likeness of you?

**A:** When I was younger.

**Q:** (L) "Younger" as in how old?

**A:** 43

**Q:** (Atriedes) Did you have any vices?

**A:** None that controlled me.

**Q:** (Alana) I want to know what inspired you, and kept you going despite the times? What was like your belief, faith...?

**A:** I was most inspired by Posidonius and the ideas of the Stoics of the ancient times. What drove me was love and pity.

**Q:** (L) Love and pity for who?

**A:** Humanity

**Q:** (L) Pity, why?

**A:** They are lost.

**Q:** (L) Anything else? (Andromeda) Is today really your birthday?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Everyone) HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!

**A:** Ave People of Cassiopaea, farewell! Goodbye.

**Q:** (Ark) Now, when... When this Caesar thing started, I felt a physical sensation. First, like the right half of my head tingling like with electricity, and I could feel like my hair is moving. Several times I was checking, you know? Is it moving or not? I couldn't find anything. But then, okay. Then here at this place (touches temple) again I was feeling it's moving. It's moving! I didn't want to say anything. And then, at some point we were talking, and my glasses got bent. They were okay at the beginning. I didn't do anything. Then I had to fix them because they fell down. That never happened before.

(Andromeda) Hmm.

(L) So Caesar must have been connecting through you.

END OF SESSION

