## March 14, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Data, Perceval and Scottie come in after a few minutes.

{Dogs start barking outside}

**Q:** (L) Why are the dogs barking? {Asking Data.}

**A:** Hello!

**Q:** (L) Who do we have with us? What's your name?

**A:** Johkola of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I guess I should turn on the tape recorder. Today is March 14th 2015. Me, Galatea, Andromeda and Data. Why are the dogs barking?

**A:** Lurkers in the apples. { Perceval arrives.}

**Q:** (L) What kind of lurkers?

**A:** Young and silly. {Scottie arrives}

**Q:** (L) I guess we should begin...

**A:** Give your hands to the Cassiopaeans.

**Q:** (L) And what is that supposed to mean?

**A:** Galatea is grooving.

**Q:** (Galatea) As in jive and groove?

**A:** Your life will change as your natural channel opens.

**Q:** (L) I hope you mean change for the better.

**A:** Indeed. Time to come into the light of knowledge and love.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that means we should ask some questions. Everybody is concerned about Vladimir Putin's health. That's Vladimir Vladimirovitch Putin. So, I'm wondering is his health compromised?

**A:** No, not even close. He is working hard and steady.

**Q:** (L) What is he working on?

**A:** Solving major global imbalances.

**Q:** (L) So does that suggest that he has some surprises in store for the globalists?

**A:** Oh indeed! But they are too blinded by greed to anticipate his moves.

**Q:** (L) What was that article we read a week ago where somebody was writing that the reason everything is falling apart is because that's what they want it to do?

(Perceval) Dmitry Orlov. He was basically just saying that chaos and destruction was on purpose or intentional. ISIS and all that business is intentional, according to him. They didn't bring freedom and democracy to Afghanistan or Iraq; they brought worse than before. But that's all intentional. That was his point.

(L) But that doesn't make any sense.

**A:** It makes sense only from a 4D STS perspective.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's what we've been saying. Orlov was saying it was deliberate... He was saying they want to remake things after they destroy it first, and it's not a mistake.

(L) I think it's just the nature of psychopaths.

(Perceval) That's what I wrote on his blog: that it's even worse than that, because they don't have any plan. They're just nutjobs let loose on the planet, and this is what they do. There's no rhyme or reason to it.

(L) It's like infecting like a body with a virus. The virus just does what it does, which is destroy.

(Perceval) Right, and nobody wants to accept that because it's the scariest proposition at all. It's a runaway train, and nobody's driving.

(L) Yeah, and that's what it is.

(Galatea) That also makes sense with the vaccination debates going on. It's kind of symbolic. People want a quick fix.

(L) Yeah. And there isn't one.

{The pointer thingy spirals on the board}

(Galatea) They're thinking hard...

(L) I think they're just generating some energy here.

**A:** Good time to ask about future.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do we want to ask about the future?

(Perceval) That's broad. The last thing they referred to in the last session was that 4 month thing... Dramatic changes within 4 months.

(Andromeda) Oh yeah...

(L) Dramatic changes are coming. Can you get us in the ballpark as to what kind of changes we're talking about here?

(Perceval) I was thinking it's the economy. The "ecomony, stupid!"

(L) Are these gonna be economic changes?

**A:** First, yes. But consider all that entails.

**Q:** (L) If the economy goes kaflooey, then there's starvation...

(Perceval) Mass migrations, mass movements, food fights, violence in the streets, crackdowns...

(L) Pestilence, plague...

(Perceval) Police state goes into overdrive.

(Andromeda) Confiscations.

(Perceval) People might go to war.

(Andromeda) Beheadings.

**A:** And in the present time, all those energies are amplified cosmically.

**Q:** (Galatea) So it'll be like that, but times ten.

(Perceval) Basically, the idea would be economic crash, then in a relatively short period of time, you'd have social chaos, suffering, police state goes after hungry mobs, people rioting, lots of people killed, etc. And that energy is magnified and maybe it attracts a big load of space rocks.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) That was the scientific description.

(L) {To Galatea } Are you tired?

(Galatea) I'm okay.

(L) Anything further on that?

(Perceval) Do people in major urban centers - as in our FOTCM members - would it be advisable for them to at least be forewarned about this? Maybe they can move in advance?

**A:** Most cannot move. But there are those who can assemble at current community locations if needed.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, should we be preparing those community locations for possibly influxes of refugees?

(L) I suppose if there are different group members in different locations, people can assemble together somewhere.

(Perceval) And those people should be informed.

(L) I guess if they should just have a plan. If the poo hits the fan, they go to the designated person's place...

(Perceval) ...and that person is ready to receive them.

(L) Because there is a plan. Well, we can only do what we can do, and see how things pan out. People are aware.

(Perceval) Is it likely that this kind of social chaos as a result of the economic collapse or whatever would be predominantly in the USA?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) The US is a powder keg. It just needs the right spark.

(Perceval) It's got all the right ingredients right now. You've got so many people in big cities dependent on supermarkets and stuff. And then you have the police state well-trained to deal with uprisings. In other countries, they don't have quite so well-organized police state to put down social unrest.

(Andromeda) And the people aren't quite as helpless either, at least in areas like this one.

(Perceval) In urban centers in the US, there are a lot of people who are just completely dependent on supermarkets and the system in general from one day to the next.

**A:** Notice that the USA is exhibiting all the symptoms of a "Color Revolution".

**Q:** (Perceval) So, someone in a position of power somewhere in the US is planning to sort of stage-manage the social unrest or revolution after an economic collapse?

**A:** More or less. However all may not go as planned.

**Q:** (Perceval) Well, the whole Ferguson, Missouri shooting last year...

**A:** Outside influences may intervene.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean "outside"?

**A:** Cosmic.

**Q:** (L) And this is what you're talking about in the next few months?

**A:** Takes time.

**Q:** (L) So, basically it's something that takes time after economic collapse. It will take time to develop.

(Perceval) For the situation to become increasingly worse. Last year we had the Ferguson thing, and then all the police shootings since then... It's conditioning the population to accept police brutality.

(L) But the population's not going to accept it.

(Perceval) That's where it might go wrong.

(L) Either that, or they're trying to push them into a revolution. I don't know if psychopaths really understand that. I think maybe they try to condition the people, but then...

(Perceval) Or condition some of them.

(L) I don't know what the hell's gonna happen. It's all just really scary.

(Perceval) If you have social unrest and violence with the country going down the tubes, and like they said before about it being magnified by cosmic energies... I'm just having a vision of widespread upheavals, armed gangs going around and fighting with police, and so on. But at the same time, you might have tornadoes, earthquakes, cometary impacts, or flybys that set off volcanic eruptions... A perfect storm of craziness.

(Andromeda) And all starting within the next couple of months.

**A:** Close enough!

**Q:** (L) {To Galatea.} Well, are you getting tired?

(Galatea) I'm okay.

(L) Do you have questions?

(Perceval) Did the CIA or some agent of the USA kill Nemtsov?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) They're getting desperate!

(L) Can anybody think of any other questions?

(Galatea) I can, but not important.

(L) What?

(Galatea) The black-eyed kids. I want to ask about them again. What do they do if you invite them into your house?

(L) What black-eyed kids?

(Galatea) The evil black-eyed children that knock on people's doors, and they ask to come in. They just scare people.

(Andromeda) What did we ask last time? What did they say?

(Galatea) They're window fallers. But what do they do if you actually let them in? Do they suck your energy or eat you?

(Perceval) They eat all your roasted chicken.

**A:** Not much!

**Q:** (L) If they're window fallers, they'd prolly come in and then disappear. Poof!

(Galatea) So they'd just walk in, and look all scary, and then that's it?

(L) Pretty much.

**A:** Yes.

(Galatea) Well, that's not fun!

(Perceval) That's what most of those window fallers do. They just stare at people and creep them out.

(L) And suck people's fear.

(Perceval) Every now and then, one of them might chew on a human or something, but mostly they just scare people.

(L) If nobody else can think of any questions, I think we'll say goodnight.

(Andromeda) I want to ask about this David Paulides Missing 411 book. There's this weird thing where when a lot of the missing people are actually found, they're found missing shoes and socks. Why?

**A:** Glitches in transdimensional transference. Recall that this process includes something like flipping backwards and inside out through the realm curtain. Sometimes the trailing parts do not reassemble completely or correctly.

**Q:** (L) The trailing parts being feet! You're going through a wormhole or something and you're being flipped over and turned inside out to go to the other realm. Then they send you back, and it doesn't always work.

(Andromeda) Maybe it has something to do with the rubber on the shoes or something. Is there any connection to these feet that washed up on the coast of California, is it?

(Perceval) We asked about that, but they didn't give an answer. They said it would come out later, but it never did.

(L) But it's interesting that you make the connection between trailing parts and feet washing up on the shore. Oh my.

(Perceval) The other thing about the Missing 411 book is that the people who are disappeared and found again, it usually happens near berry bushes. I was wondering what the...

(Andromeda) Yeah, what's the connection with berries? They're either near berry bushes, or picking berries, or they reappear with berries.

(Galatea) Why berries?

**A:** Convenient markers for TDARM type technology due to sound frequency.

**Q:** (L) Sound frequency of the word "berries"?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's how they mark places.

(Andromeda) Be careful how much you say it! (laughter)

(Scottie) "Put him back in the berry same place where you took him from!"

(L) That makes me think of Br'er Rabbit and Briar Patch story.

[See: [Brer Rabbit and the Tar Baby](https://americanfolklore.net/folklore/2010/07/brer_rabbit_meets_a_tar_baby.html)]

(L) Yeah, there's that sound thing. There were several cases of spontaneous human combustion where they had name similarities. So, there's something about this transdimensional business locating itself via words or names which have frequency relating to sound or something.

(Galatea) Does it have something to do with numerology and the frequency?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So it's similar. It has to do with objects and sounds.

(Perceval) It's the location at that level... a locating device.

(L) It's a locator.

**A:** Yes.

(L) Alright then.

(Perceval) On the feet thing, they said there was a curtain. So, you can imagine someone being pulled through a curtain and your shoes come off.

(L) It's like the Tar Baby. Okay, I guess that's all, unless you have another question.

(Galatea) We were talking about the antiverse earlier. I wanted to know how can you figure out what the antiuniversal version of somebody is? How do you reverse them, or...? I dunno how to ask exactly. There's a you in the antiverse, but how do you try to think about you in the antiverse? Do you have brown hair, are you evil?

(Andromeda) What's different?

(Perceval) Well, is there a you in the antiuniverse?

(Galatea) So, what I want to know is how...

**A:** Save that until you can formulate

**Q:** (L) You gotta think about it. I'm gonna say goodnight, because I'm really tired.

**A:** Love to all of the group. Do not be fearful! You are armed with much knowledge! You will be amazed how well you can think once you receive the signal that the time is "NOW!". Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

