## October 10, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Niall, Chu, PoB (Possibility of Being), Data, Scottie, Approaching Infinity, Timótheos, Alana, Heimdallr, Nicolas, Noko the Wonderdog, Kitty the Cat

**Q:** (L) Today is the 10th of October, 2015. I guess we should ask if anybody's there?

**A:** Alogmgna of Cassiopaea. Many changes in process and more to come.

**Q:** (L) Okay. "Many changes" in reference to what?

**A:** Global politics and cosmic yet to fully descend. Most of the political changes transpire behind the scenes.

**Q:** (L) In other words, there's a lot more going on than meets the eye?

**A:** Oh indeed.

**Q:** (L) Anything further on that, or does anybody have questions?

(Perceval) Well, the changes that we can see, are they indicative of the kind of changes that are happening behind the scenes?

**A:** If you connect the dots correctly.

**Q:** (L) So, I guess that's kind of what you've been doing. You noticed the changes in the American position. It changes one day to the next. They tried to launch this whole anti-Russia campaign, and then they backed away. "Get out of Syria!" and then they backed away from that. It's just crazy.

(Pierre) They're desperate.

(Perceval) There's been talk before of a kind of secret government that is not the overt government. Is it possible that they are in some way restraining the Americans like you just described?

**A:** The secret government did not anticipate Putin.

**Q:** (L) Well we had a funny talk the other day where we speculated that we moved into a different timeline. In previous years, we were in a timeline where there was not or could not be a Putin - or at least a Putin as he is in this one. Then, somehow some way, we moved ourselves into a different timeline. Well, I know it's a little egotistical to say that our efforts to send a signal could have shifted us into this other timeline and in effect helped with the manifesting of the changes of today... Is it a possibility that we helped even in a small way?

**A:** More than you have given yourselves credit for!

**Q:** (L) Alright. So, when I gave these talks here at these meetings we had a few years ago, and I described making a decision to help and just do one thing after another, day after day; in making such choices one day after the other, will this gradually move you step-by-step to a different timeline?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it's accumulation of daily steps, daily choices, daily activities?

**A:** Yes and it would be extremely beneficial if more of your members learned and practiced this.

**Q:** (L) Can you be more specific about that?

**A:** For those who find themselves in a life situation that is less than desirable or optimal, small daily acts that declare their affinity for another reality will accumulate and trigger a phase transition.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay... You've said steps, daily steps. You don't like the reality that you're in so you look around yourself and you see things about your reality that you don't like... I mean, what kind of first daily steps can you take? If you're in a reality that's freaking controlling you and everything around you, how can you take steps? So many people are in situations where they can't even do that sort of thing. What kind of steps can people take at the most basic level?

**A:** Changing the mode of self-presentation and self-representation is the most basic.

**Q:** (Galatea) So like, changing habits?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Changes in lifestyle here and there.

(L) Yeah, changes in your lifestyle?

(Perceval) Changes in your mode of self-presentation is kind of like what you identify with, ya know? It gets into what we were just talking about earlier. If a person is wearing clothes that identify him with a certain aspect of common popular culture, then if you are at odds with the world at large because of the insanity and suffering, that would be one of the first things to change: you identification with "popular culture".

(L) So in other words, if you are not at home in the world the way it is and the way it has grown and the way it has developed, you need to put yourself into a different world NOW with small changes.

(Perceval) And at least stop identifying with this one. All the aspects that popular culture today pushes on people as means to identify with the reality of this world and what makes it tick - which is all kind of depraved and dysfunctional... And people absorb that and they start wearing clothes, and speaking differently, and that's all nothing but identifying with a manufactured aspect of this world and culture.

(L) Hairdos, clothing...

(Perceval) Anything.

(L) If you want to be part of a completely different world... In a sense, it's kinda like some of these people that belong to these organizations that like medieval stuff. So, they all get dressed up, and they have meetings, they have mock battles or whatever.

(Perceval) If there's enough bleedthrough, those people are gonna find themselves living 400 years ago! (laughter)

(L) And then dress: the whole Gothic thing, painting their nails black, and that identifies them with that "Goth" reality, so that's the timeline that they'll go into...

(Galatea) So basically, be the change that you want to see.

(L) Yeah. Be the change you want to see. I guess begin to model yourself on the people that you want to be LIKE or be WITH.

(Pierre) It goes beyond presentation and appearances. With those medieval guys, for example, that's the visible manifestation of what they like, what they think about...

(L) Yeah, how you present yourself is about what the values are that go with certain ways of appearing, like having self-respect, care for yourself, external considering, and so on. I mean, some of the hairdos these days are just completely... They disrespect the fact that they're a woman or the fact that they're a man and most of all that they are human beings.

(Pierre) And even the fundamental notion of beauty. It's almost like disrespecting the universe.

(L) So these are the kinds of small changes people can make. And by making these changes, what then happens?

**A:** Will attract the new reality incrementally.

**Q:** (Chu) I guess it's like becoming a better antenna for what you want to attract. Your outward appearance and how you present yourself... But then they said self-representation? That would attract the reality. It already exists somewhere, so it's not like you create it.

(L) You move yourself towards it by activating it in your own life.

(Perceval) We've been trying to attract a reality where the USA gets its ass handed to it... (laughter)

(L) And it looks like it's happening!

(PoB) But there are still people in this reality for whom what's going on now is not the most desirable development. So, why are they here if they didn't work towards this outcome?

(Perceval) There's probably a merging or overlapping of realities...

**A:** Many splits and merges yet to come. Keep in mind that such transitions can be rather chaotic as you have learned.

**Q:** (L) Not only chaotic, but I think that you can be... I dunno how to explain it. Remember all the crap and chaos we went through with this police investigation, the fiscal audit, and all that? Everything was just chaotic then. It's like when you're in this disconnected state where you're trying to leave where you don't want to be, and you're trying to go to where you want to be, and you become suspended in between. You become a target. It's like a shooting gallery and you're just a turkey flying through.

(Data) A discontinuity.

(L) Yeah, it's a discontinuity. It's crazy. Am I onto something there?

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (L) Okay, is that enough on that?

(Perceval) Yes. I wanted to ask about the extent to which the US and the powers in that camp have been checkmated by Russia and Putin? They seem to be extremely quiet. All they can do is talk a lot of nonsense and throw silly accusations around...

**A:** Not checkmate just yet, but the queen is certainly in danger of being taken.

**Q:** (L) That's not bad.

(Niall) Is the queen Israel? (laughter)

(Chu) You wish!

(Perceval) No...

(Pierre) Unlike a chess game with these nuclear powers available, Israel for example can just drop the whole chessboard and everybody loses.

(Perceval) There's something I've been saying to various people, and I'm wondering if it's true or not. The stories in Richard Dolan's books about US nuclear missile sites being disabled by UFOs at various places so that they couldn't fire anything way back in the 60's at the height of the Cold War. Was that a message to the Powers that Be that no nuclear war would ever be allowed? Did 4D STS send a message in that way that nobody would be allowed to push the button because you'd kill everybody. Since this world is like a farm, their cattle would all be killed. Is that anywhere close to the truth?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Data has a question.

(Data) People in the West are waking up to the fact that we have basically mass migration of people from Syria and the Middle East. We have 4 million people displaced, and 180,000 went to Germany. A section of that stayed in other countries. I read in the news that some people in the West think this is suspicious. Why do they all want to go to Germany? Were they informed in some way by the government, or is this truly a grassroots movement where they just wanted to go to Germany?

**A:** Partly desperation and partly engineered. Let us say that the very real and desperate plight of refugees has been cynically utilized by nefarious agents.

**Q:** (Perceval) So the engineered part is to destabilize or put pressure on European governments?

**A:** Yes and more than that: to insert agents that will act against the various governments in the future.

**Q:** (L) I would like to know what is the percentage of real refugees to agents?

**A:** 94

**Q:** (L) 94 percent?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) 94 percent are real refugees, but the rest are agents that are being sent in with them. And so who are the nefarious agents that have cynically utilized this refugee crisis to plant agents within European countries?

**A:** USA and allies of consortium.

**Q:** (Perceval) So America and its Saudi friends...

(L) And the bankers...

(Perceval) So all this talk of ISIS in the refugees is kinda true?

(L) To a certain extent.

(Perceval) But ISIS is controlled, so you know what that means.

(L) But ISIS was created by the USA?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So... Next question?

(Alana) They're sending the refugees to Germany, is that to destabilize the central powers of Europe?

(Perceval) Yeah, Germany is the economic powerhouse.

**A:** Germany is a direct target in case you haven't noticed.

**Q:** (L) So they want to destabilize Germany and put a total puppet government in charge?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, Madame Merkel is not quite subservient enough?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) She still harbors...

(Galatea) Opinions. (laughter)

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Germany is the center of European power, decision-making, etc.

(L) So, if the USA were to control Germany completely, they'd own Europe.

(Niall) Who or what is behind this series of bombings in China?

**A:** Partly sabotage and partly natural as we have previously described.

**Q:** (L) Like for example this restaurant in China that recently blew up: They say it was a gas tank. That makes me suspicious. Whenever they ascribe an explosion to a gas tank... I mean, yes, we know gas tanks can explode, but things happen to MAKE them explode.

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) There are an awful lot of explosions happening all over the world. It's not just China. There are explosions everywhere.

**A:** And there will be more and more train derailments as the crust continues to open up.

**Q:** (L) So, not only are there sinkholes, but there are crustal movements and all kinds of other weird things going on. We're seeing the Earth changes right before our eyes, but it's like in slow motion!

**A:** Yes. Scale!

**Q:** (Perceval) The day after Russia started bombing in Syria, there was a shooting in the USA in Oregon. And then since then, there have been at least 4 or 5 more in terms of suspected or reported shootings. Was this some kind of beaming going on as has been mentioned in the past, and was it directly in response to Russia's move?

**A:** Not so complex. Review discussion of programmed shooters. All it takes is a phone call.

**Q:** (Perceval) Okay, right. So this happened at a particular time though, right after Russia bombed ISIS in Syria. Did it happen because of that? Was it a direct result?

**A:** Of course, and more to come!!!

**Q:** (Perceval) This is because Russia is changing the situation in a public way.

(L) And the US is still using the same old plan.

(Perceval) Yeah, they're seeing that their narrative is being directly challenged by Russia by its direct actions, and this has been seen publicly around the world. There's the potential for Americans to wake up from their American dream/narrative. The shootings are to keep them down and distracted.

(Niall) Our local French paper, La Dépêche... Syria was off the front page after one day! It was gone. They think that they're gonna be able to bamboozle the whole Western world.

**A:** Not for long!!

**Q:** (Perceval) When they said in the last session about "wait for October", we've seen it, right?

**A:** It isn't over!

**Q:** (Pierre) It's always more and more, worse and worse, not over yet! (laughter)

(L) It's almost like what they said before about first level quantum life changes or something like that. It's like chaos before things can really change.

(Chu) It's like a fever, or giving birth or something.

(Pierre) It's a phase transition. Temperature drops slowly, step by step. All of a sudden, you have the first ice crystal. And once you have that first ice crystal, the tiniest shock or disturbance can cause all the water to freeze in an instant.

(Perceval) It's almost like what Russia has done in Syria, by questioning or challenging the dominant narrative of the US, is gonna make a lot of people think differently or question their assumptions and stuff. That could be a reality shift for a lot of people. A lot of people would be put in the "Turkey Shoot" position like you were saying.

(L) I think there's another thing, too. This is something I was noticing today. A lot of people on social media did not buy the story about 4 of Russia's missiles crashing in Iran. People were demanding proof, saying, "Show us the pictures!" They didn't have the pictures to show. I started thinking to myself that Russia was very clever to have journalists in there taking pictures, making videos, and showing videos from their drones and bombers. People want to SEE what's happening. They're sick and tired of being told and asked to believe stuff that later turns out not to be true. This act of SHOWING things is a very, very powerful thing.

(Pierre) And you wonder: Is the most important war being waged on ISIS in Syria, or is it being waged all over the world in people's minds?

(Perceval) The PTB made it very clear that a propaganda war is the most important for them. They're willing to shoot down a passenger plane just to try to give Putin some bad press? That's pretty extreme. It's a lot to do just to smear someone.

(Pierre) And it connects to what we said previously about reality changes/splitting. If Putin wins the propaganda war, billions of people will see the world more objectively. That's not good for US supremacy.

(L) Alright, so if there's nothing we should ask that we didn't ask, I'm gonna say goodnight. I'm tired!

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

