## June 13, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, PoB, Data, Niall, Scottie, Alana, Noko the Wonderdog, Penelope the Superkitty

**Q:** (L) Today's date is the 13th of June 2015. It's Saturday the 13th, not Friday the 13th. It's been awhile since we've sat down to have a session. For those readers of the sessions who don't read the rest of the Cassiopaea forum, they will be unaware that I've been engaged in a prolonged experiment in overcoming rheumatoid arthritis which is a brutal protocol. I haven't been in any fit shape to do anything because half the time, I'm unable to fight gravity. But in any event, I have gone through 5 weeks of this treatment and I only have one week left to go. I'm much better now. So, we're going to have a session despite the fact that I'm still just a little bit peaked. Just a tad. We'll see what happens. We hope that I didn't get rid of all the critters that were the antenna for the C's! (laughter)

(Andromeda) The amoebas!

(L) So, hello?

**A:** Good evening children!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Ceressiaea of Cassiopaea transduction point.

**Q:** (L) Alright, I have a series of questions here from forum members. Apparently, there was a conference with Barbara Marciniak where she was doing some trance channeling. Several of the forum people had a look at it and condensed the major points of the event. Out of what was said in that particular channeling, some questions arose... Not particularly about the channeling, but about some of the issues that were covered. Of course, everybody knows how I feel about trance channeling and that sort of thing. But anyhow, one of the questions that came up was:

> Can the internet be seen as a "window of opportunity"/"an experiment in human consciousnesses"?

**A:** We once told you that your computers would overpower you. Thus neither question is precisely to the point. Internet was initially manifested for practical purposes, then other applications were developed. It could be said that the "experiment" in consciousness appeared in reaction to more positive uses. At present the internet is more a source of confusion and propaganda than anything else. Thus the opening statement is fulfilled.

**Q:** (L) In other words, the overpowering of people by their computers would be the use of the internet for confusion and propaganda. Is that what we're getting at here?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, people being taken over in their minds by disinformation, propaganda, lies and so forth on the computer are literally being taken over by their computers?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, the next part of that question is:

> Is the internet likely to end soon?

**A:** If you consider the ramifications of the previous answer, not likely until the power grid goes down.

**Q:** (L) In other words, why would they shut down something that so easily enables them to control the masses?

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) Next question:

> Is the warning about not sharing too much electronically sound, or is it more a distraction that keeps us from "leaving the [frequency] fence"?

**A:** Again, we believe that we have addressed this in the past: "Walls have ears".

**Q:** (L) In other words, there really is no way to keep anything private from those powers that want or need it. If you're worried about privacy, you're only keeping things private from other individuals or from people hacking your password and getting into your bank account. But those are things that should normally be protected anyway. Warning people to get off the grid, to not share, and to not network with each other in order to keep the PTB in the dark seems to me to be offering a false sense of security and is otherwise counterproductive, all things considered.

(Perceval) The opportunity is there to use what the PTB are using - for nefarious purposes - to instead do some good via networking.

(L) Okay, next questions:

> Are we going to see machines integrated in the body and a divide between people refusing and people wanting this integration?

(Galatea) Like cyborgs?

(L) I guess so.

(Pierre) Transhumanism.

**A:** This is already being done to some extent.

**Q:** (L) What about a divide between people refusing and people wanting this integration?

**A:** That suggests a state of advancement that will never be achieved.

**Q:** (L) Why will it never be achieved?

**A:** We refer you to previous information.

**Q:** (L) It won't be achieved because humanity is, in a certain sense, going to possibly become extinct. Is that approaching it?

**A:** Cleansing.

**Q:** (L) Does that refer to the session when you once said, "Nothing lasts forever, thank goodness"?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Okay, there's a lot of stuff going around on the net about CERN being a portal or stargate.

[CERN originally stood for "Conseil Européen pour la Recherche Nucléaire", but now the current name is "Organisation Européenne pour la Recherche Nucléaire" - European Organization for Nuclear Research. Nevertheless, the acronym is still CERN. In short, it's a European particle accelerator laboratory.]

(L) So, it's the European nuclear research place. You've been there honey, right?

(Ark) Yeah.

(L) Do you think it's a portal or stargate?

(Ark) There may be something somewhere nearby.

(Perceval) Did you get accelerated?

**A:** The only "portal" is infrequently utilized by 4D STS.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, it would be something like multi-level bases in the USA where there are portals to 3rd, 4th, and 5th density? Something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So the reader can refer to the underground bases discussion for further understanding of the potential of CERN to be a portal/stargate?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is there some kind of dangerous activity going on there that could generate a black hole or something and swallow the Earth?

(Perceval) And send us all into an antimatter universe?

**A:** They only wish! The more interesting work is of a different nature and location.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I'll bite. What kind of work is that, and what is the location?

**A:** We refer to previous discussions about such things as Montauk.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Yeah, people ought to be reading the sessions and putting things together. Next question… hmmm… Didn't we ask before what the booms in the sky were caused by? The trumpet sounds and strange noises in the sky?

(Niall) They said it was increased energy input into the Earth/atmosphere system.

(Data) In one video, I saw a guy walk with the camera to find the source of the noise, and it was a bulldozer scraping a baseball field nearby.

(L) That's a debunking video. I don't believe it. They found a way to reproduce the sound and made a video.

(Perceval) Or, in some cases, that kind of sound can be made in a few different ways. But the amount of them in so many different locations...

(Pierre) Yeah, it doesn't mean all the sounds are made by bulldozers.

(L) So let's ask about your video. I don't believe it for a minute.

(Chu) There are lots of places where there would be nowhere for a bulldozer...

(Perceval) Yeah, the sounds have been heard in the middle of nowhere.

(Data) Well, I'm very critical. This guy debunked several of them, but he was very reasonable. I'm not saying all of them are fake, but some of them could be.

(L) It's like Doug and Dave and the crop circles. They have to find somebody who can reproduce something, and then they claim it's all explained!

So, next question. The previous answer to the mysterious sky sounds was increased energy input into the system. So, the question is:

> Are the booms and sky sounds being heard all around the world, are they space wars?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Perceval) See previous answer.

(L) Anything more than "no"?

**A:** They come from the neutral cavity between the Earth and upper atmosphere/radiation belts.

**Q:** (L) Well, what about this video that Data watched, but didn't share with anybody else in the house and just waited for the session to spring it on us, where apparently some guy has debunked these sounds? My response was that it's like Doug and Dave debunking crop circles?

**A:** Exactly. Some are "ordinary".

**Q:** (L) But I notice you say "some", and not "most"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Next question:

> Are sinkholes being caused by underworld nuclear wars?

**A:** No. Sigh...

**Q:** (laughter) (Andromeda) Somebody really wants an underworld space war!

(L) This is what people on the forum are asking! Obviously, people need to be reading the transcripts. A lot of these issues have already been dealt with. Next:

> Does Iran have a nuclear bomb?

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** (L) Um... Now here is something supposedly from this Marciniak channeling. Don't everybody groan at once...

> The Anunnaki are behind the buildup in East and West of military power. The US was made "a superpower" then countered by Russia "a superpower". Then China with the Anus coming in, another. Pakistan, another Anu connection. Is it likely that this year a nuke will be set off? Book of Revelations. It's Anunnaki dictating to John of some of the prophecies that will fulfill as a signal that they are returning. Passing scepter/crown to a different Anunnaki. 7 trumpets. Many of them have been fulfilled. 6th has not yet been fulfilled. It calls for major war along the Euphrates. When it does, (could be Iran, but focus of that area), that will be the fulfillment of the 6th trumpet. The 7th is the coming of the Lord. Even Netanyahu and ISIS people know this. They want, they feel they are here to meet the Lord. Some of them know that the Lord is much different that most people think. This is serious stuff! There are people who are dreaming of fulfilling it THIS YEAR. So yes, high probability of a nuclear war breaking out to fulfill the 6th trumpets. This is why Obama is against Netanyahu because Netanyahu owns and is managing Enlil's portal.

**A:** As could be said: Puleeeze spare us this New Age nonsense.

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Okay, well, obviously people need to start reading the earlier sessions!

**A:** Take note however, that there are those at 4D STS "HQ" who take some pleasure fomenting wars and confusion for sport.

**Q:** (L) So, forget Anunnaki. It's just 4D STS.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Now, changing topics... Well, let's stay on the world affairs business. Okay, one person on the forum wrote:

> Observing the political arena closely over the past months and years and especially the maneuvering of Putin's government in regards to the Western Elites, I have the strong impression that Putin is likely a person that Łobaczewski described as a person that can feel that something is terribly wrong with the system and can make the right decisions, even though he might not know the pathological roots [that is, he has a conscience].
>
> The more I read, hear and research about Putin, I think it is quite likely that he is not only the mayor player in most of those smart moves over the years, put probably one of the masterminds, if not the mastermind itself, behind it. I mean, what he created and was able to accomplish (within this system!) is not only brilliant, long-sighted, but also genius in more than one way. The fact alone that he is now stronger than ever, even though the Elites must have tried every dirty trick to eliminate him in the last 15 years, speaks volumes in such a big and powerful country as Russia and in the system in which we live. I watched the last documentary about Putin's history as President since before he came to power until today. Taking it all together, it seems like there is strong "fire from within" burning in Putin, which pushed/pushes him to achieve almost superhuman things with himself, within Russia, and in the world as a whole. So is it fair to say that Putin is the Caesar of our days, or even, dare I say it, a caliber smarter?

(Pierre) Well, it's quite a true depiction.

(Perceval) Maybe.

(L) So, what do you have to say about Putin?

**A:** He has a team of good and smart helpers. But it can be said that that is a good analysis and close conclusion.

**Q:** (L) Okay, now here's another question. I think people will probably be interested in this one. So, let's go with it:

> The last couple of months especially, but actually since the new pope Francis came into power, it seems like he is trying to do something good in all sorts of areas. For example he said on more than one occasion how bad war is, that we should stop it, and that the system/governments are the only ones who need war. He said for example that a war with Syria is not a good idea back in 2013 and also wrote an letter to Putin in that respect back then. It almost seems like what he is saying about wars is directed to the war machine of the US-Elite and their followers, and not just a general, "No war anymore". So it is not just that he is saying such things, but he seems to follow his words with actions. Recently, he recognized Palestine as a state, which is quite a big move. He said to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in the Vatican, "May you be an angel of peace." Then he recently created, as far as I know for the first time in the history of the church, "a judicial mechanism, a Tribunal for Bishop Negligence in Child Sexual Abuse Cases". In other words, people in the church, that are accused of either covering up or being engaged in sexual abuse of children can now be charged in a tribunal court which is based on a judicial mechanism. Quite a big thing as well.
>
> So is the pope doing all those things because he has a conscience or is there something else behind it, like some kind of plan to appease the people in the world, who more or less wake up and see the propaganda for what it is, in order to bring the Catholic church back "into play" now, or in the near future?

(L) That's a good question.

**A:** It is a little of both.

**Q:** (L) So, the guy has a conscience...

(Chu) But he also wants to appease the people...

(Perceval) Well, there's also a power behind the pope. There are a bunch of cardinals who see the problem of everybody leaving and the money flying out of the coffers. They probably picked Francy because he's a nice guy and he wants to do good. Then people will come back to the Catholic Church, and they'll get their money back, and so on.

(L) So, it's basically like psychopaths that come to an understanding that they've gotta put somebody more human out there on the front so that they can survive because their sources are drying up. Is that fairly accurate?

**A:** More or less. Francis really wants to do good but he also understands the forces in play.

**Q:** (L) Now, the next question is: Some people are wondering if all the information that we get about North Korea is just pure propaganda, and if maybe Kim Jong Un is not as bad as he is portrayed?

**A:** Bad enough, but certainly not the monster he is portrayed. The key is the intense secretiveness and belligerence.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Somebody wrote:

> We should never forget, that the people we can name, like Obama, Putin, etc, are being used by the "real movers and shakers" behind the scenes: they are effects rather than causes. The real power structure, is what uses countries as pawns for its aims, nations are sacrificed when they have done what is needed of them. To me, it is looking like Amerika is the next one to fall, a result of the "Live by the Sword, Die by the Sword" principle, but that is all part of the plan, OSIT.

(L) Any comment on that?

**A:** See previous answers.

**Q:** (L) I assume that means answers about Putin, 4D STS having fun playing games with people, and so forth. Okay, let's go back to this other topic here. A forum member writes:

> Music is such a powerful medium. Powerful in that it accesses the imagination, the mind and the emotions and the body - all the lower centers, for sure. Thus it is no wonder that the PTB would seek to use this medium to their advantage since manipulation, by any means, is their middle name. If they go to such great lengths to control mainstream media news, TV programming, and movies, certainly the music industry is not immune to their manipulation and control. This should be self-evident by now, I would think.
>
> Perhaps because music can access the emotions directly (and thus bypass the rational mind), dive into the sub-conscious mind, AND influence the body, I believe it provides a fertile ground for 4th way self-observation and study. One of the things Gurdjieff said early on as relayed by Ouspenski in “In Search of the Miraculous”, was that we are subject to a series of 'likes' and 'don't likes' by all the little I's: petty, subjective, egoistic tastes (my words). Certainly music is a vast playground for subjective likes and dislikes. Furthermore, it could be argued that what and who we like or dislike may even be reflective of our state of development, awareness and being.

(L) Does a person's taste in music reflect their state of awareness, development, and being?

**A:** Yes, more or less, though there is a range of preferences at various "levels".

**Q:** (L) Okay, next question:

> Does a person's taste in music reflect their personal aim in life?

**A:** It can be strongly affected if only subconsciously.

**Q:** (L) Okay:

> What is more important in determining a song’s value: the lyrics or the sound/mood/feeling?

**A:** The sound opens the door for the lyrics to enter for good or ill.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that a song that sounds really horrible and mechanical and like somebody just beating on a pot or clanging on the hood of their car or something, and if that's the kind of music the person likes, but it also has good lyrics, then that's okay?

**A:** Not exactly. The sound can open gates at - or of - different levels and parts of the internal makeup.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next forum question:

> Is the NSA using musical tastes and downloads to track and identify certain 'types'?

**A:** Of course.

**Q:** (L) Next:

> Is the song "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" really used as a mind-control programming tool like Catcher in the Rye?

**A:** Sadly, in some circles, yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) So, if people like anarchy music about hating the government and law, then they're gonna stir up some trouble?

(L) I dunno. Maybe they would track somebody like that and think that they could turn that person to their own uses.

(Perceval) They said there are some types of music that are listened to by certain types of people... Certain types of emo music or whatever that certain types of young people listen to, like outsiders or loners and that kind of thing, and those people could be tracked as candidates for "use"...

**A:** The 70's were the time of development of such concepts and technologies. The 80's were the period when implementation became more widespread. At present 90 percent of broadcast music has corrupting elements.

**Q:** (Pierre) So we have to listen to old music. Music from before the 70's. Or classical music.

(L) Obviously we need to be paying much closer attention to our musical tastes, and analyzing what it is about songs that we like. And obviously, we need to pay a lot more attention to what we listen to in the background. But that means I'm safe since I only listen to old classic rock like Bob Seger, whose music is the best! (laughter)

**A:** Yes. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

