## April 4, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, PoB, Data, Scottie, Niall

**Q:** (L) Today is the 4th of April 2015. [Review of those present] My glasses are goopy. Why do they not want to be clean? My glasses are a bit cloudy, and we can't be having cloudy glasses. If I have cloudy glasses, how can the Cs see? [Glasses cleaning break] Okay, that's better!

(Pierre) If you close your eyes...

(L) I think they need the visual feedback. I noticed that my eyes jump to the next letter like a nanosecond before it moves.

(Galatea) My eyes jump to the second letter, like I see the future! And I have to say, nope, go back!

(L) [Pointer thingy moves around the board quickly] Oh, very active... Making fast circles.

**A:** [Lots of background noise, like a fan running] Good evening loved ones, Livillioniaea of Cassiopaea! [Background noise stops]

**Q:** (L) Okay, well, we have a pretty good list of questions tonight, unless there is something that needs to be said beforehand...

**A:** Divine will manifests through humanity. Giving rise to many manifestations of your reality.

**Q:** (L) What is divine will?

**A:** Energy of information configurations of infinite permutations.

**Q:** (Pierre) That's funny cause several times we ask about the links between energy or electromagnetism and information. Here, they talk about energy of information.

(L) So are you saying that differing relationships between types of information units of some sort... um... interact and emanate and generate energy?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Perceval) It's probably better to put it the other way: Infinite permutations of energy of information configurations. Permutations of information energies.

(L) So, infinite permutations of information configurations produces energy? Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. So... Is there a particular reason why this topic has been brought up or announced?

**A:** As above, so below.

**Q:** (L) Okay, if...

(Pierre) As above, so below is a reference to below it's human beings... The information we believe or process has an influence on energetic patterns and activity on the humanity and earth level?

(Chu) Or the opposite.

(Pierre) Both ways maybe.

**A:** Not quite. Human activity may reflect cosmic processes.

**Q:** (L) So when the ancients talked about divine will, when they say history unfolding is a consequence of divine will, they may not have been too far off?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So there are some things that simply happen, and nothing we can do can change that.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) There are cosmic processes that must take place, and we as humanity are really small potatoes in the grand scheme of things.

**A:** Yes indeed!

**Q:** (L) Do we want to pursue this topic further?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It's up to us?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) They're trying to give us a hint. We're trying to use our monkey brains to think...

(Perceval) Well, the last answer was, "Human activity may reflect cosmic processes." So, what's going on in term of human activity right now that we could... I mean, and once we define that, what kind of a process is that a reflection of?

**A:** Chaos precedes creation.

**Q:** (L) Okay, is that a suggestion that we are in a period of chaos because elements need to be broken down in order to re-use them in a creative process? I mean, just metaphorically speaking?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that kinda leads into some of the questions that are on my mind because of various interactions on the forum. A lot of people talk about wanting to wait for the Wave. In fact, I think there was one person who said that if he had a date for the Wave, he would work on himself, but since there's no date, he doesn't see any point in doing that.

**A:** The "Wave" is in process. Remember your principle of scale.

**Q:** (L) You mean the one that I wrote when I was doing Noah?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, that principle of scale was basically that when a quantum wave collapse occurs at the atomic scale, it's like nearly instantaneous because of the smallness of the system.

(Pierre) Macro scale takes more time.

(L) Yes. A wave or a phase transition at the macrocosmic scale would take place over a period of time. So, that reminds me of the session back I think it was in 1995, because I just recently re-read it, and it was about the dying off of the frogs. We were talking about frogs dying off because somebody had reported that frogs were disappearing. We asked about this, and the answer was along the lines that that was a precursor or an effect of the Wave. In other words, what we're seeing from our perspective are incremental events that, in a larger perspective, would be more or less instantaneous.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that the principle of scale we're talking about here?

**A:** Yes. And those who do not realize this will "go under".

**Q:** (L) So somebody's who's waiting for a specific date for some kind of big flash to happen and suddenly they're gonna go from one world into another, they're simply not grasping the cosmic scale of thing?

**A:** Exactly! We once said that it was a grand example of cosmic "Pomp and Circumstance". You simply do not have the full perspective!

**Q:** (L) So that means that we are talking about changes on such a huge scale that our perspective is that of...

(Perceval) Here's an example. They said it's a creative cosmic process, so it's basically like a giant cosmic rototiller coming through the universe and turning over the soil and spreading fertilizer for new growth to maintain the universe like a good gardener. We're like one little tiny grain.

(Chu) We're like the worms who see the rototiller approaching for hours. (laughter)

(L) We're a microbe in a hundred thousand acre farm.

(Pierre) And we feel the vibrations of the coming rototiller for our whole lives, and just now, the rototiller is coming closer.

(Galatea) And some of you are gonna stick to the rototiller blades and get blasted up into space!

(L) Anything further on that?

**A:** For some things may be more dramatic than others.

**Q:** (Galatea) Meaning what? More dramatic how?

**A:** Depending on karmic "weight".

**Q:** (Pierre) Didn't in one session the C's describe the Wave process as what is called in the scriptures as the One Thousand Year period?

(L) No, I don't think so.

(Galatea) Are you saying that for some people this transition will be painful?

**A:** Yes

(L) I think they said that after the Wave there would be a 1000 year period as 3D transition into 4D.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So in other words, in a sense that is kind of like a 1000 year process of the Wave. The creation of a totally new reality obviously, in cosmic terms, takes that strange process that doesn't exist called time to manifest. But obviously, they are now talking about the breaking down process, the chaos.

**A:** Yes. Now you begin to see what "time" really is: cosmic processes of almost infinite duration. But do not be complacent because some of these processes can be rather "quick" and devastating from your perspective.

**Q:** (L) Alright then. I guess we can move on to the next questions.

(Galatea) Similarly related, can you tell us how many light-years away you are right now?

(L) They've already talked about that.

(Galatea) But aren't they move?

(L) I dunno.

(Galatea) What star or constellation are you closest to right now?

**A:** We ride the Wave and thus are much "closer" than you can imagine. At the same time, imagination is the most direct way to comprehend that we are only a thought away.

**Q:** (L) So, you're saying that distance is not a viable concept. Is that what we're getting at here?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Thought transcends distance.

(L) Thought transcends distance, and we are quantumly entangled or something...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) There's no time, there's no space...

(L) Okay, hold on now. I'm gonna have a little change of topic here. There's a question that we received from a forum member.

(Chu) "l apprenti de forgeron" on the forum.

(L) Okay, we have an individual who wrote:

"Since more than eight months ago I am in the hands of doctors who cannot detect what is my problem. Personally I think it may be something like inflammation in the bowel, such as Crohn's disease. Interestingly, these discomforts have started when I really started to follow a ketogenic diet, and as you have reported, can lead to changes in DNA... Therefore, I wonder if I experienced a DNA that has become a problem due to "the animal ancestor", which does not let me adapt to the diet? [[Neanderthals suffered from psoriasis too: DNA study suggests ancient human cousins suffered from 'modern' diseases](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2937711/Neanderthals-suffered-psoriasis-DNA-study-suggests-ancient-human-cousins-suffered-modern-diseases.html)]

Could you ask to the C's for a simple diagnostic to do something about it?"

(L) Is there something that you can say to this individual?

**A:** For many, the transition in diet is either not possible due to epigenetic factors, or must be undertaken very, very slowly. For some, the requirements for carbohydrates is higher. They need to fulfill this need as safely as possible. In this case, the individual has intuited the relationship and should do some experimental adjustments adding root type vegetables and some greens and berries.

**Q:** (L) What you're saying, I think, is that for some people, transitioning to functioning on ketones is much more difficult for a variety of reasons?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, the ketogenic diet is not ultimately desirable for everyone?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) But then that also leads to the question about how being on a ketogenic diet helps you evolve and raise your FRV, and make you super-smart and strong?

(Chu) The path to transformation and all that...

(L) Are you saying that the people who can't do the ketogenic diet that they...

(Galatea) They can't evolve, or they can do it another way?

**A:** It is helpful to evolving and FRV for those who require it. For some, it is required that they follow an adjacent plan. There is a great range of individual types. As you may have noticed, the ketogenic path is very difficult and a challenge even for the people it is right for. Some others have a bit more leeway and less struggle. And in answer to your next question, indeed there is something like karma involved.

**Q:** (L) So are you suggesting that those of us who need the ketogenic diet have karma to pay off? That we're being tortured? (laughter) We were gluttons in past lives or something?

**A:** Close enough! But aren't you glad that a path is available?

**Q:** (L) Well, that leads to the question: You also once said that the development of the soul is married to the genetics. Is there something involved with that in this?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So... I mean, I'm just trying to get myself out of the hole here.

(Pierre) If in past lives, say you were addicted to carbs. So, in a past live that's your soul. Now you incarnated in a new body, and there will be a transitioning program where you can go from there to somewhere else. Or perhaps your soul resonated to a different profile in the previous life and you followed the wrong path and now have to compensate. And now, after 5D review, it will resonate with this DNA profile...

(Perceval) I think their previous comment was that souls marries to genetics if present. So, what you're thinking of is that for the soul to absolve itself or remove this karmic debt, that it picked a body with a specific set of genetics that required...

(L) That enables you to do that. Or to fulfill a specific mission?

(Perceval) Yeah.

(L) Is that kinda getting close?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well, that's enough of that. I have another question here. The other question that people were a little curious about on the forum that I noticed was: they wanted to know at what age or stage of development does the soul of an individual enter into the body of a baby that's about to be born?

**A:** It cannot be set in stone; remember that about half of all babies never house individualized souls. In some cases it can be very early, and others, as late as early adulthood.

**Q:** (Pierre) Wow.

(Galatea) So I guess they're waiting around the body's frequency to change.

(L) So, is that true? A soul can be hanging around, and there's, say for example, a body that's close to the frequency they need, but not quite, and they have to wait until something happens or changes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What can change frequency?

(Perceval) Experience.

(Pierre) Knowledge.

(L) Yeah, puberty, thought, experience.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Perspectives change via experience I think.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Awareness of something?

(L) All kinds of things can change frequency.

(Galatea) Does that mean it's possible for something else to take over the body in the meantime?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Does it get kicked out when the soul comes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, you once talked about things like vaccinations and things changing the frequency, which causes negative potentials. Does that factor into this process?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Can a soul literally get kicked out of a body if the frequency is not matching the soul?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) You can be made into a soulless monster eventually!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) And technology would have the same effects as we've seen...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Is that why there are these people who go for operations and then they wake up with a different personality or speaking a different language...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) For an individual, when the soul attaches to the body or leaves, is it noticeable?

(Perceval) That's what I just said.

(Chu) Yeah, sometimes.

**A:** Sometimes. The individual may notice inside or an observer may notice.

**Q:** (L) So, people can change, and sometimes even change dramatically?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Can a person hold more than one soul sometimes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Weird. Does that make people have multiple personalities sometimes?

**A:** Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Alright, I guess ya'll want to ask your questions about your airplane.

(Perceval) So, what caused the crash of the Germanwings flight into the mountain?

**A:** Autopilot system.

**Q:** (Perceval) The autopilot system caused it. Well, yeah! We know that. Was the autopilot system hijacked remotely?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Uh, by who?

**A:** Guess!

**Q:** (Perceval) Mossad.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Was the purpose to...

**A:** A warning! Imagine all the "authorities" in various governments being made acutely aware that planes that they travel on themselves can be so easily manipulated?!

**Q:** (Galatea) So they can control any plane they want at any time.

(Perceval) So that suggests that this remote hijacking isn't limited to Boeing's uninterruptible autopilot system being installed, because that could be taken out. "Authorities" could have that removed...

**A:** It needs the system!

**Q:** (L) So then basically, what they're probably doing is they're buying time while they get them removed from the planes they travel on themselves?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) It was just a general warning, specifically to the German, French, and Spanish governments involved?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) To... In terms of the geopolitical thing, like Russia or not Russia type of thing?

**A:** See what we can do!

**Q:** (L) Is any of this being transmitted to any of these authorities directly?

**A:** No! But they know.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, obviously all of the stuff about the pilot, suicide pilot, and kicking down the door, and the locking of the door was all bogus...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (PoB) What about the eyewitness accounts that they heard an explosion and saw smoke?

(Perceval) Probably to muddy the water.

(L) What was the smoke and the boom?

**A:** Diversion.

**Q:** (L) Who created the diversion?

**A:** Jets in area. It was realized that something along this line was happening because a "warning" had been given in advance. They just did not know where and when.

**Q:** (Pierre) So they said, "We're gonna bring down a plane?"

(L) Is that what was said?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And of course, since it was an Airbus, then it would affect France, and it was a German flight, so it affects Germany. So it was damaging to both France and Germany.

(Chu) Today there was a report of another plane having to land in an emergency. It was going to Italy. And there was another one a couple of days ago. Are these the same types of warnings?

**A:** The same source is certainly toying with the "PTB" and enjoying their power and the resulting turmoil.

**Q:** (Galatea) Which airport had the blackout again?

(Niall) Amsterdam.

(Galatea) Did they also cause the power to go out in Amsterdam?

**A:** No. There are reflective events of 4D bleedthrough. Remember who is closest to 4D STS?

**Q:** (L) I think they once said it was Mossad. Very high up in Mossad. So, these activities are closely reflective and interrelated. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And I guess it will get worse.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And it's all because they feel the pressure of the Wave.

**A:** Yes yes yes!

**Q:** (Galatea) Are you gonna help make sure our members don't get on a plane that crashes?

**A:** For those who ask and observe the signs, things should be fine.

**Q:** (Galatea) That's a nice message. (L) I'm getting pretty tired here, so can we close down shortly? I didn't get to my question, but I don't want to engage because it's a longer discussion and this has already taken some time. I had that other question and I was just saving it for the end. We can do it next time. It's about my historical stuff anyway, so I don't think anybody will really mind if we skip it. (laughter)

(Pierre) Oh, let's do it. We can't wait one week. We won't be able to sleep.

(Perceval) We might be here for one week! (laughter)

(Chu) Can we ask about Booboo?

(L) Oh yes!

(Scottie) Yeah, we should ask about him.

{Our nearly 13 yr old Sheltie passed away of congestive heart failure on the day of the Germanwings crash which, interestingly, occurred at exactly the same time we were holding the funeral.}

(L) We've all kind of "seen" Sebastian, Scottie heard him barking, we all feel him around... So, is Sebastian still with us?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is that a bad thing, or a good thing?

**A:** Loves all of you!

**Q:** (L) So, should we try to send him into the light?

**A:** Not in this case!

**Q:** (L) He'll go when he's ready?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Speaking of pets, I wanted to ask if it's possible to take pets into 4D with you?

**A:** In some instances if there is sufficient bonding so as to increase the FRV of the 2D creature. In the case of Sebastian, being loved by so many, this is possible.

**Q:** (L) So you kind of piggyback him. So, you're saying that some creatures can skip 3D?

**A:** Rare, but possible.

**Q:** (Galatea) Well, 1D, 2D, and 3D all live together. So can't 4D and 2D live together?

(L) I guess. I guess if we go to 4D, Sebastian goes with us. But as long as we're still 3D, he stays with us here.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But because of all of us being so attached... Well, that's interesting. A couple of times, you've given messages to the group. Is there anything you'd like to say to the group?

**A:** Those of you who are waiting for "The Wave" to save or change you should be aware that you are really like the frog being gradually cooked.

**Q:** (Galatea) So, you're saying people should act as much as possible as if the Wave is already here?

**A:** Yes. In fact, it is!

**Q:** (L) We're in the middle of it. We're just so small and miniscule in relation to the cosmic process that what we see as this gradually deteriorating situation that is leading to ultimate chaos on this planet is the effect of it happening. It happens in increments and jumps, like quantum wave packets or whatever they call 'em. It accumulates, and then jumps, and then accumulates, and then jumps.

(Pierre) If chaos is a manifestation of the Wave, chaos is here for a while now, so the Wave is here.

(L) The Wave is here because chaos is the manifestation of the Wave.

**A:** Yes! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

