## February 7, 2015
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Perceval, PoB, Chu, Niall, Ark, Data, Scottie, Alana, Timótheos, Noko the Wonderdog

[Note: The audio recording levels were very low - much lower than usual.]

**Q:** (L) This is Saturday, the 7th of February, 2015. And I swear, thirty years ago, I never dreamed that I would be alive on this day.

(Perceval) Why?

(L) I dunno. I mean, 2012 was supposed to be the end of the world. (laughter) Everybody talked about 2012 being when everything was gonna change.

(Perceval) New Age Cointelpro!

(L) Yeah, and then the C's came along and said, "Nope, sorry! You gotta hang in there and do more stuff." And I just... I just wasn't sure.

(Pierre) I thought it would be a shorter agony. I didn't think it would take this many years to decline.

(L) Yeah, the decay and decline of everything has been...

(Andromeda) Slow...

(L) It's just awful.

(Pierre) And what is crazy is each time, when you're thinking that we've finally reached the very bottom, and each time they find a way to make it even worse. It's freaking torture to witness that!

(Andromeda) Thanks, Pierre! (laughter)

(L) That gave us such a cheerful start to the evening!

(Pierre) But help is on the way!

(L) Yeah, right. I'm afraid to ask what help is on the way...

(PoB) You ask them. We need concrete data. What do they mean by that? (laughter)

(Perceval) No dice.

**A:** Good evening people. No haste for that which comes to bring balance to your realm.

**Q:** (L) In other words, you are saying that we should not be hasty for it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, it seems pretty grim right now. People are either dying, or they're denying that people are dying; or they're suffering or turning their backs on other people's suffering.

(Pierre) And the lies.

(L) It's just...

**A:** Natural divisions are forming in the face of turmoil.

**Q:** (L) So, it's like you really find out what kind of persons people really are when things become so blatant that they can no longer deny it except by an extreme act of just covering their eyes and ears, and closing their mouth.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, we're just balls of fire here tonight.

**A:** LOL!

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) They're doin' it for the lolz.

(L) I didn't ask who we're talking to. Do we have a name this evening?

**A:** Glagira of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) And the thing is, I'm not sure that anybody has any serious questions for tonight... I mean, I have my research questions, but how about anybody else? Deafening silence. Okay, anybody? I mean, we're just like sitting around waiting for the other shoe to drop.

(Andromeda) I know. We know the whole world has gone completely nuts. And we're waiting for a sign to tells us if we need to do something, like move or something like that. But I can't think of anything to actually ask.

(Perceval) Are we gonna have to move to Russia? (laughter)

(PoB) I was going to ask should we move to Russia?

**A:** Wait and see! [Everyone calls out the letters together]

**Q:** (laughter) (Perceval) Did Lavrov or Putin get to read Laura's letter?

**A:** Inquiries are in motion.

**Q:** (Niall) They're checking us out.

(Scottie) So it's a good thing we put up Russian SOTT then.

(Chu) Should we close down French SOTT?

**A:** Not yet, but be careful. [Noko speaks during answer]

**Q:** (Perceval) Inquiries are open... Inquiries about you.

(L) Oh boy...

(Andromeda) Did Putin read the letter?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Oh yeah? Wow, that's cool! That's the good news of the day. So he read it...

(Ark) Maybe he was showing it to Hollande during their meeting... (laughter)

(Chu) That's why it lasted five hours. (laughter)

(L) They met for five hours?

(Perceval) Basically, the result of it seems to be that the US is all up in arms about the fact that Germany and France are not supporting arming the Ukrainians. McCain is criticizing and saying, "They don't care about people dying and suffering in Ukraine!" Because basically, if Germany and France don't agree to the US plan to give weapons to Kiev to kill everybody in Eastern Ukraine, they can't do anything since it has to be under the auspices of NATO; NATO bases in Europe that would be used for any kind of procedure like that are in Germany, Italy, and are sanctioned by European countries.

(Niall) They basically agreed to partition Ukraine.

(Pierre) They asked for more autonomy for Eastern Ukraine, and a no weapon zone between the zones.

(Perceval) A demilitarized zone. The Europeans talking to Putin have decided that it needs to be some kind of strong autonomous region to end the conflict, while the US is saying, "No! War! War! We hate Russia!" And Hollande and Merkel are meeting with Putin.

**A:** Letters that Putin receives give him hope.

**Q:** (Pierre) That's really good.

(Scottie) I wrote to him about the Holocaust Memorial thing. I was super-pissed off and feeling really bad for Russia. I mean, more Russians died in World War II than any other country or group... estimates are between 21 and 27 million Russians! I wrote him a letter when he wasn't invited to the Holocaust thing in Poland. It was... heartfelt.

(Perceval) We should all start writing letters of support.

(Pierre) Yeah, why not!

(L) Keep his spirits up. Yeah, just like we feel when we get letters...

[Write to Putin: [http://eng.letters.kremlin.ru/](http://eng.letters.kremlin.ru/)]

(Pierre) Imagine this guy: there's so much pressure: political, economic, financial... He takes time to read letters!

(L) And he's being defamed by the biggest, loudest propaganda artists in the whole world. We were defamed for a long time by propaganda artists, but it was very, very small scale compared to what is being done to him. Yes, it damaged us, and it hurt me personally, and it hurt all of us personally, but it was still such a small scale, that all it can do is give you a tiny bit of insight on what Putin is experiencing. He's a human being. And here, what's supposed to be, "The Greatest Nation on Earth" is calling him everything but the devil incarnate - and they've probably even called him that!

(Perceval) Yeah, they call him Hitler basically.

(L) Yeah, that's got to feel horrible.

(Pierre) If you're not a psychopath, if you're a normal human being, sensitive and you are the brunt of all those criticisms and you see the lies... It can be very hurtful.

(Alana) I was thinking about him last night, and the position he's in and the danger he's in, he's not even probably allowing himself to have close relationships because those will become his weaknesses.

(Perceval) Yeah, he's aware of that.

(L) I think he is completely aware of that. Putin gives me hope.

(Perceval) It's a lonely life.

(L) But I'm so afraid for him.

(Pierre) But I'm worried about him. If he disappears, what is left?

(L) It would take all the hope away.

(Alana) I have a question about the Greek government, and the newly-elected leadership. It seems like what they're doing and what they stand for is giving people in Greece hope. And I want to go fully with that hope too, but I am kind of like holding myself back because I'm not sure if it's... I don't even know how to phrase it...

(Pierre) You want to know if they're good guys, or if they will succeed?

(Alana) Yeah, but even if they're good guys, it's still very possible that they will not succeed in this world. It's the first leftist government ever in power in Greece, and the youngest ever. It's the first time in Greek history where the old families that were always in government aren't there any more as representatives of the Greek elite. The new government has plans. They want to...

**A:** They will need help and they know it. It is to be hoped that youthful enthusiasm can be harnessed by patience and wisdom.

**Q:** (Niall) They've basically laid down a challenge for all of Europe. What happens there is contingent on what happens in other European countries. They need a similar reaction all over Europe.

(Pierre) Or Russian help.

(Alana) And Russia already offered them help.

**A:** Russian help will make the difference.

**Q:** (Alana) That's what I think, too.

(L) So it looks like Greece is going kaflooey. Iceland already went kaflooey. And now Germany and France seem to be sliding...

(Niall) What happened in Iceland was they actually recovered.

(L) No, I mean they didn't actually go along with the EU plan. That's what I'm saying. When I say, "went kaflooey", it means they didn't get with the official program.

(Perceval) That's a technical term: kaflooey.

(L) Yeah. So, there's obviously still a few real stupidos.

(Chu) And Spain may, if this Podemos party wins...

(Pierre) Italy is on the edge.

(L) It looks like the US's Coalition of the Stupid is...

(Perceval) Wising up!

(L) And breaking up.

**A:** Many a slip...

**Q:** (Perceval) Many a slip betwixt cup and lip. [Proverb: Even when the outcome of an event seems certain, things can still go wrong.]

(L) And I guess that goes for both sides.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So there's all kinds of interesting things that could be happening.

**A:** Nothing, however, will stop the balancing. The only question is where the disasters fall and that is partly determined by the observers.

**Q:** (Perceval) So those populations that are least perspicacious or the least accurately, objectively observing reality will be more likely to have disasters befall them?

**A:** Orthogonal or aligned?

**Q:** (L) So it depends on whether their observations are orthogonal or aligned with objective reality. Okay. Can I switch gears?

(Pierre) Yes.

(L) Okay, my, uh...

**A:** 4 months will reveal dramatic change.

**Q:** (Pierre) June. Dramatic change in what field?

(Perceval) No dice.

(Pierre) Aww... They bait us!

**A:** All you get!

**Q:** (Perceval) See? (laughter) That means over the next four months, or in four months?

(Chu) Or after the next four months...

**A:** No dice.

**Q:** (L) They're not gonna tell you anything else.

(Perceval) I don't need it. We'll figure it out.

(Scottie) Yeah, I could have told you that some dramatic changes were coming over the next 4 months. I mean, just look at the world...

(Perceval) Yeah, but you didn't! (laughter) You didn't tell me!

(Chu) But four months, not three!

(Scottie) Time is variable!

**A:** We enjoy when you learn and stay attentive!

**Q:** (L) Alright, speaking of learning. I've been really, really buried in these books. Ark can back me up here. The amount of reading I've been doing is intensive. I practically sleep while I'm reading, or read while I'm sleeping. It's no joke. I get up and I start reading an hour or two before I even show up for breakfast. Then I have my breakfast, and I go back up and I read, and I read, and I read... I read until I go to bed. And then, I take the book with me to bed and read in bed.

(Perceval) So, what you're trying to say is that you've been reading a lot.

(L) Yeah.

(PoB) That's something new!

(Pierre) So, you've been learning a lot and you deserve a few answers.

(L) Yeah, that's exactly what I'm getting at. (laughter) I've been working really, really hard and I really would like to have a few little answers. Now, the first thing is that I've found that it seems to me that the Jewish Jesus was composed of literary elements of several different characters that Josephus wrote about. There was Simon of Perea, there was Judas the Galilean, and there were a couple of others though I can't remember their names. These guys were revolutionaries more than anything. But of course as we know, one man's revolutionary or terrorist is another man's freedom fighter. They were basically devoted to their religion, the Jewish faith, and they could not bear the idea that Romans were living in and ruling their Holy City, appointing their priests, and basically just telling them what to do. According to their religion and their very strong religious beliefs, the only ruler they were supposed to have was god, and god's rule was mediated by the priests. The priests were selected by the people, not by the Roman procurator. So, they were really unhappy, and you can understand that they had a serious beef. So, they were pushing a more strict form of their religion among some of these groups, and Josephus describes it as the Fourth Philosophy. They were gathering support among all the people of Judea/Israel/Palestine, whatever, for a big revolutionary push against the Romans. This is what I see as the original group that later people referred to as The Jerusalem Church. It wasn't really a Christian Church in any sense of the word. It was a group that was religious primarily, but underneath and behind the scenes, they were literally fomenting rebellion and coordinating an upcoming revolution and arming and preparing religiously and materially to rebel against Rome. Okay, is that correct so far as I have described it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. So the next thing is that it seems to me that Paul... First of all, he may or may not have been from Tarsus, but he was probably not a Roman citizen as Acts portrays him. That was just a literary device to get him to Rome in a particular way. He was a Hellenic Jew who lived either in Damascus or Antioch or in those areas. It seems to me that the Jews of Jerusalem who were members of this revolutionary group came to his area and were recruiting using their religion hooks. This is where he began to persecute them. He says he was a Pharisee, and they were a very very strict form of Judaism, so that would be a natural point of opposition between them. Am I correct so far about that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, so that was really the extent of the persecution, that he was a Pharisee, and he riled other Pharisees up against them. I'm thinking that quite possibly that the stoning of Steven never took place. Am I correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it seems that several of the revolutionary leaders beginning with Simon of Perea and Judas and Mathias, who may or may not have been killed back at the time of Herod the Great, that there was a belief that they had been "resurrected" in a certain apocalyptic sense. There was a stone found with an inscription called the Gabriel Revelation Stone where it's believed by Israel Knohl, who wrote a book about it interpreting it, that it referred to the death of Simon of Perea. Is that in fact the case?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And Simon of Perea was told in this inscription that three days after his death that he would rise again. He was told to rise. It was also implied in this inscription that the blood of martyrs such as Simon and others, who may have been grossly misrepresented by Josephus, was like some sort of magnetic substance that reached up to heaven and could attract the vengeance of god. I found this to be very fascinating. These ideas were going around in Israel at that time, at least among some groups including those who produced the Dead Sea Scrolls. The books of Enoch, preserved in Ethiopic, I believe, but fragments of it were found in the Dead Sea Scrolls, are a case in point. It may not have been common knowledge. But it seems to me that somehow all of this got mixed up with Greco-Roman ideas of resurrection/apotheosis of heroes as gods, and that this was something similar to that. It looks like these ideas of the blood of their martyrs being the attractor for the coming vengeance of their god was what this group of revolutionaries was preaching. And they were all claiming that they had seen their dead leader, so to speak, risen from the dead, i.e. Simon of Peraea or Judas the Galilean or whoever else may have been involved in this. These were not physical resurrections, they were just visionary. The question I have is: Did they really believe that, or were they just using that as propaganda to work up people's support for their revolutionary cause?

**A:** Some saw then others claimed to see also.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, at this point, is this where the name "Jesus" comes in here? Was this Jewish revolutionary leader, or several of them who died, were they referred to as Joshua - Joshua being the right-hand man of Moses? Is that the idea? And so they called him Joshua in his risen state, whereas while alive, he may have had any name? Simon of Perea, or Judas the Galilean?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, I'm working my way somewhere. Ya'll just be patient here. So Paul had a vision after he'd been persecuting these people. Did he think that he saw this Jewish guy that was killed by the Romans?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) Well, it seems that he had dealings with them...

**A:** He interpreted wrongly though that was only due to his environment. How did Simon die?

**Q:** (L) Soldiers were chasing him through the desert, and one of them whacked him with his sword, and killed him. I think they beheaded him.

**A:** No cross?

**Q:** (L) No, no cross. Okay...

**A:** Paul saw a cross.

**Q:** (L) So Paul saw a cross.

**A:** Caesar's image on the trophaeum.

**Q:** (L) So, what you're saying is that, excited by all the talk and the stuff that was going on around and about messiahs and so forth, I dunno... I can't even figure that out. What you're suggesting is that Paul had a real vision which he at first mis-interpreted but then figured it out?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And Paul's theology seems to be very similar to the realities you've described to us as being 4th density and inhabited by 4th density denizens, and a place that you move to or graduate to after you live a life in this world or realm.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Even his idea of the spiritual body is similar, because he says flesh and blood cannot inherit in this kingdom. And then he says something about the body being sown as a seed, and then it grows as a spiritual body. So it's almost as if he's talking about another reality where there's variability of physicality or something. He even says that those that are still here at the time of the change that he was expecting would be changed in the twinkling of an eye.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) What was the nature of Paul's vision?

**A:** He saw Caesar and thought it was a Jewish individual. However, he soon sorted things. Paul was desperately trying to save people and transform the world and so he "became all things to all people" when it served the aim. The group in Jerusalem were as much in his sights for salvation as anyone.

**Q:** (L) So if I get this right, what you're saying is that he may initially have thought that he was seeing a Jewish individual, but he quickly realized that it was not a Jewish individual because he was no dummy. And he knew that Simon of Perea had not died on the cross, that it was Caesar on the Trophaeum?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Nevertheless, he blended his Caesar with a Jewish guy for the sake of...

(Perceval) The group in Jerusalem?

(L) So in other words, he did this consciously?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) He had to tailor the message to the masses.

(L) So when he did this where the Jews were concerned, was he giving the same message to everybody?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Well, he clearly says that he becomes all things to all peoples. When he's with Jews, he's a Jew. When he's with Gentiles, he's a Gentile. But his main thing, and he said it: All he knows is Christ was crucified. And he develops his theology, which was a vision of a 4th density world, and he spends almost ZERO time whatsoever talking about any human being or historical person. I guess that was deliberate, that his focus was on the 4th density manifestation, and he completely ignored or de-emphasized deliberately any human individual? Is that kind of what he was doing?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That leads to the big problem here. There was a church in Rome. It was supposed to be a Christian church in Rome before Paul ever went to Rome. He wrote the Book of Romans to this church. Was this a Jewish church?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) So this was not a Christian church in the sense of Jewish people, a Jewish synagogue, who were aware of their Jewish messiah and worshipping their Jewish messiah?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Was it, in fact, a Gentile church that was worshipping at least something along the line of Caesar?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) This would have been at least two generations after the assassination of Caesar, so a lot of things can happen in two generations.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) When Paul went to Rome, because this is the funny thing... Everything seems to emanate from Rome even if the Book of Acts claims that everything emanated from Jerusalem. It's almost as though...

**A:** When "Acts" claims, assume the opposite.

**Q:** (L) Okay. There's some kind of controlling thing emanating from Rome. What happened when Paul arrived in Rome? Was he taken to Rome as a prisoner from Jerusalem?

**A:** He never went to Jerusalem the third time.

**Q:** (L) He never went to Jerusalem the third time, but he went to Rome. And when he went to Rome, how was he received by the church there?

**A:** Warmly.

**Q:** (L) Well, that doesn't make a whole lot of sense. It seems to be that that's where all of the corruptions of the worship of Caesar and the corruption of the Jewish Jesus emanated from.

**A:** Remember that all that happened after the destruction of Jerusalem.

**Q:** (L) So, we don't really know what was going on. Oh, okay. I have a theory that Paul went to Rome much earlier than others think. That would make sense, because if the real Jesus was not somebody who died in 29 or 30, but was instead somebody who died in 4 BC or whatever, then everything has to be put back. So did Paul go to Rome in 48 or 49?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Did Paul then go to Spain?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Where did Paul die, in Rome or in Spain?

**A:** Spain.

**Q:** (Chu) So is he St. James de Compostela?

**A:** Close!

**Q:** (L) So maybe it was Paul who was buried in the Tomb of St. Jacques?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) So you have to go on a pilgrimage, Laura!

(L) I've gotta go on a pilgrimage!

(Pierre) Walking!

(Perceval) You can do it on a bike.

(L) Can I ride a horse?

(Perceval) You can drive as long as your keep your head out the window. It's taking in the air.

(Chu) There's a tenuous link, but there's a shell in both cases. The shell is the symbol for St. Jacques / St. James, and there's also the shell for Venus / Caesar.

**A:** Yes!!

**Q:** (L) Venus was the ancestry of the Julii. So, it's all beginning to clear up. It's clear as mud now.

**A:** Enough on your plate! You are making excellent progress!

**Q:** (L) But I want to ask another question. (laughter) Let me ask just one more question.

(Perceval) If Laura goes to the tomb of St. Jacques knowing that Paul is buried there, will she have a divine revelation that will answer everything?

(PoB) Is she going to meet Putin there?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Did Paul and the people in this Jerusalem church together come up with the idea of replacing the worship of Julius Caesar with this Christ figure who was universal more or less?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Did they plan on it being a Jewish Jesus?

**A:** No, that came later.

**Q:** (L) But he did, in fact, persuade them that they should refocus from Caesar to a universal creator god. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Because that is the strong concept among the Jews.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, there was some persuasion done by Paul with this Jerusalem church, and they started changing and shifting things for a period of time. Then, along came the destruction of Jerusalem. After that, everything got shifted around and reworked for some reason.

**A:** Politics.

**Q:** (L) So the Roman church thought that it would be... I can't figure it out. I'm too tired.

**A:** Yes. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

