## October 26, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, Data, Scottie, PoB, Approaching Infinity, Ennio, KJN, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) Today is the 26th of October, 2015. [Review of those present] Me, Andromeda, and Galatea are flying the starship here. (laughter)

(Perceval) Instead of saying, "Hello, is anybody there?", why don't you sing the Carpenters song: "Calling occupants of interplanetary craft"?

(L) How about, "This is Stardate..."

**A:** Stars on a date! Fly me to the moon! Iroilma of Cassiopaea. Good evening!

**Q:** (L) I don't think you pronounced that name right. Lemme see that... "I-roil-ma".

(Perceval) What does, "Stars on a date" mean?

(L) We were saying "Stardate". Obviously Perceval was wondering if there's any deeper meaning to what you said in your opening lines there...

**A:** You are all "stars" and we are on a date together.

**Q:** (KJN) Who's paying?

(L) So, Ennio has an opening question.

(Ennio) In the session that begins with, "USA headed for destruction", you likened Germany's relationship to the rest of the world during World War II to the US's relationship to the rest of the world today, and that the US can ultimately expect to get nuked. Is that still true?

**A:** Possible but recall the qualifiers: there are "natural nukes".

**Q:** (Pierre) Cometary bombardments, earthquakes...

(L) Yeah. Let's move on to something more general, shall we?

(Galatea) Anybody have an icebreaker? (laughter)

(Scottie) How about that Putin? (laughter)

(L) YEAH!!

(Ennio) It was previously said that the secret government did not see Putin's actions in Syria coming. If the secret government is connected to 4D STS, would it be fair to say that it reveals the wishful or achille's heel of 4D STS?

**A:** Indeed.

**Q:** (L) In other words, it's wishful thinking.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. Next?

(Galatea) Can I ask a question that's kind of benign, but I'm curious?

(L) Sure.

(Galatea) Have any of our pets ever seen any mysterious creatures in the yard?

**A:** Many!

**Q:** (Galatea) I KNEW IT!! (laughter) Is that why at some point Kitty was very afraid to go outside?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) What did she see?

**A:** Window faller.

**Q:** (Galatea) I knew it.

(Approaching Infinity) Did it have tentacles or claws?

(Galatea) Can you give us a description or tell us what it looked like? Why was it so frightening?

**A:** Large smelly bird.

**Q:** (L) Mothman! (laughter)

(Galatea) Oh my god.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Scottie) I may have heard the Large Smelly Bird flying around many years ago when I was freaked out. The flappy noise...

(Perceval) And the baby crying noise!

(Galatea) I knew she had seen something because she wouldn't go outside for like 2 years at one point.

(L) When was the last time we've seen evidence of this?

(Galatea) Oh! OH!! Put your hand back on! (laughter) There was one time when I saw really big strange footprints outside. Was that the footprints of a strange creature?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) How big was it?

(Galatea) Andromeda saw them with me. They were like this big around, pretty huge.

(Pierre) It's a big foot. I mean, the foot is big. (laughter)

(Galatea) I saw the claw marks in the dirt, and I thought, "What kind of animal makes that print?"

(Pierre) We should have made a plaster cast.

(Galatea) How can we see these things? I wanna take a picture!

(L) With all this noise you've been making, I would think you wouldn't want to!

(Galatea) Should we be worried about...?

**A:** Get a sec cam.

**Q:** (Galatea) We need to get security cams and put them all around the house!

(Pierre) They have some for hunting, and they can see in the dark. Motion detector ones are for game.

(Approaching Infinity) There was one video earlier this year that was a bigfoot, and it was on one of those hunting cameras.

(L) I dunno if I want to get a camera like that! I'd never go outside again.

(Data) I'm never going to tend the smokehouse fire again... (laughter)

(Pierre) Ya know, sometimes I was going hunting by the pond for like an hour in the dark, and I had a big gun...

(Perceval) Haven't you read the literature about shooting those things?

(Pierre) I know! You can't!

(L) Silver bullet, Pierre!

(PoB) Each of our doggies should have their own camera.

(Scottie) NokoCam!

(Approaching Infinity) The NokoPro!

(Galatea) The next question I wanted to ask is: Are our pets in danger from these creatures?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) That's good. They freak them out and just leave them alone.

**A:** Ephemeral to some extent.

**Q:** (L) I think they would have a hard time retaining any solidity. The same reason we can't shoot them is the same reason they can't attack our dogs. You stay on your side of the curtain, and I'll stay on mine!

(Galatea) I wanted to ask about the supposed giant flying saucer that was in the clouds that people thought was a reflection of a lamp?

(L) You have to show the C's a picture.

(Galatea) Want me to go find it?

(L) How quick can you find it?

(Galatea) Pretty quick! [Goes to print pictures of UFO]

(Galatea) You guys remember seeing this?

(L) Let me see it...

(Andromeda) Where was it over?

(Galatea) I don't remember. You wanna ask about it, or not?

(Andromeda) And it has lightning in the photo...

(L) What is the nature of this UFO photo?

**A:** Hoax.

**Q:** (Data) Ya know, it's rare to photograph a UFO. But it's even rarer to photograph a UFO with a lightning strike in the background.

(Perceval) I have a question about an atmospheric phenomenon. I'll describe it. There's a video. In the distance of kind of a discrete thunderstorm with a big cloud. There are lightning strikes going through it and stuff. After a few seconds, there's like a white ball or a white light that shoots really quickly into the middle of the cloud. I was thinking it might have been a plasma phenomenon.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) Plasma answers all the questions. (laughter)

(L) Alright, Approaching Infinity?

(Approaching Infinity) Since the Russians have started their air strikes in Syria, we've had John McCain and all kinds of other Americans saying that Russia is bombing our CIA-trained guys in there.

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (Approaching Infinity) So, first of all, how many people have died in Russia's air strikes in Syria?

(Galatea) Calculating...

**A:** 919

**Q:** (Approaching Infinity) And how many of these have been CIA assets?

**A:** 423

**Q:** (Perceval) Only 919?

(Approaching Infinity) They've been targeting mostly infrastructure and depots and stuff.

(L) They've done how many strikes?

(Approaching Infinity) Something like almost 1000 targets struck.

(L) So, they're getting mostly facilities and just a few people here and there.

(Perceval) You'd think the people would be aware enough to see a plane above or hear it coming and run away.

(L) So that's why the count is so low.

(Approaching Infinity) They've haven't actually been targeting people right now. Pierre, you wanted to ask something about that?

(Pierre) I wanted to know the percentage of ISIS infrastructure that has been destroyed so far?

**A:** 21

**Q:** (Pierre) Well, that's good. 21 percent.

(L) 80% to go. That's not bad.

(Pierre) They started a few weeks ago.

(Perceval) They said it would take three months.

(Approaching Infinity) So their projections are pretty good so far.

(Pierre) But they're accelerating the pace now.

(L) Yeah, they're doing it day and night now.

(Approaching Infinity) They struck something like 400 targets over the past 3 days.

(Perceval) I have a question about Israel. Is the Israeli government/Zionists/people in control of Israel planning some kind of imminent "final solution" for Palestinians?

**A:** Wishful thinking exposes the man behind the curtain.

**Q:** (L) So, they may be planning. And they may try something. But they may dig a pit for someone else and fall into it. That's kind of what the US did.

(Perceval) Yeah, what Russia is doing in Syria and Iraq now is changing the political allegiances and stuff in the Middle East. If Israel is thinking it can do stuff now like what they've been doing for so long with impunity, that might now bring the long held-back wrath of Arab nations on its head.

(L) Okay, any other questions?

(Ennio) Getting back to knowledge and communication... Is there any particular area of knowledge that people should be focusing on?

**A:** Self knowledge and ones own weaknesses.

**Q:** (L) I think being really really aware of hyperdimensional forces, as above so below, and how all of those interact, etc. I think that we've done enough for this evening. I'm tired.

**A:** Help is on the way! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

