## November 21, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, PoB, Chu, Arky, Data, Niall, Scottie, Approaching Infinity, Timótheos, Alana, Windmill knight, Prodigal Son, Parallel, nicklebleu, Zak, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) This is the 21st of November of 2015. [Review of those present]

**A:** Hello Kinder! Mineakaea of Cassiopaea calling! We see that your realm is rapidly changing. This is the time you have been preparing for. It will be difficult to navigate the turmoil coming. But it is possible and you should not lose sight of the fact that massive changes are coming. Remember what we said about cosmic biorhythms. It will be a bad time for the elite soon. And it will intensify for them according to their FRV.

**Q:** (Galatea) Does that mean that nice people are gonna have a better chance?

**A:** Something like that.

**Q:** (L) So I guess people want to ask some questions about this Paris deal. I would like to ask a general question about this. Well, they had this Paris bombing terrorist attack, and now all of a sudden it's being used to institute tighter controls over people and society in general in France. They're also warning that there are going to be more terror attacks. I hear that Anonymous is saying there are eight places that are possibly going to have terror attacks soon.

**A:** Some certainly will! But be aware that this is what we warned you about some time ago.

**Q:** (L) I guess that refers to the sessions that discussed mind programming and shooters going off all over the place at once. In other words, this is being done not so much by pure terrorists, but by the powers that be more or less? I mean, that they are ultimately behind the activity and it's being done with the intention of being able to institute tighter controls over the population?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So basically, it's a gigantic freaking false flag attack?

**A:** Somewhat. Though be aware that there are "real" terrorists.

**Q:** (L) So there are real terrorists, but I imagine the reason there are real terrorists is because they've been made to become terrorists by this long drawn-out social destabilization operation that's been going on for god knows how long to completely muck up the whole freaking world. I mean, Douglas Reed was right!

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Yes, everybody ought to read "Controversy of Zion" and understand that it's not just about Zionism, it's about psychopaths. Alright then. Anybody have any questions about that?

**A:** We told you that Nazi Germany was a "practice run".

**Q:** (L) Yes, you did. But we couldn't even conceive of what that meant or how it would play out. You also told us about mass control by cops with stun guns and more. Everybody is being herded into finer and finer orders of control, and it just doesn't look very... it doesn't look very hopeful from any angle.

(Pierre) And there's a demonized population as well.

(L) Yeah, just like there was in Nazi Germany. Back then it was Jews, and now it's other Semites, i.e. Arabs and Muslims. They got rid of the Semitic Jews during the holocaust and most of what is left are the Khazarian Jews. Now, they are going after the Semitic Arabs.

(Chu) And they want to make "Retention Camps", or concentration camps.

(L) Yeah, now they're talking about building camps...

(Data) They don't call them concentration camps. They call them "hot spots".

(L) It's Nazi Germany all over again, only it's freakin' global!

(Andromeda) That's pretty depressing.

**A:** Yes. It will pass when the big changes come.

**Q:** (L) And I'm assuming you mean cosmic changes like Earth changes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And we notice that the weather... I mean, you said that all of this stuff was going to manifest as weather first, and it certainly is manifesting as weather first. Just about everything that was said back in many of the early sessions is happening now. It took 20 years to get there, but it's here. It's now.

(Perceval) Does that mean that terrorism and terrorists will be the last thing on the authorities' minds?

**A:** Naturally so. But be aware that they have been misled too!

**Q:** (L) So even the PTB are running their operations based on wishful thinking; they think that they're setting things up to create their global empire, and they don't even know that earth changes or serious climate changes are going to happen that will knock their global empire off its foundation. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I mean, what else can you think when they built something like that seed bank in Svalbard, Norway? They actually think they're going to have access to it? Where are the firing neurons on that one?!

(Pierre) It means they see something coming if they made that seed bank. But obviously, they don't have the global picture; they don't see what is REALLY coming.

(L) They don't have the whole picture.

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) So, what can we do, if anything?

**A:** Help others to be ready.

**Q:** (L) Well the only thing I know to help others be ready is by informing them, letting them know what's going on, and trying to help them get ahold of their health. If they don't have their health, they aren't able to cope with anything. They're not able to cope with life as it is much less if it gets any weirder or worse. So, on that point, let me ask about this iodine therapy. I just read this iodine book by a David Brownstein: "Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can't Live Without It". This guy talks about how iodine can kill fungi, bacteria, viruses, detox heavy metals from the body, even the ones that other detox methods don't get, remove evil fluoride, and basically just has miraculous effects on all the body systems. He says that 96% of all people on the planet are iodine deficient. When people come to him, he generally starts them off at pretty high doses, like 50 to 100mg a day, and sometimes twice a day. This is supposed to not only replenish the body's iodine, but also to detox bromines, fluorines, metals, etc. It can also kill off any microbes that have taken up residence because of the body's weakened immune system due to all those toxins. But there is this other book that I read which says that you ought to start off slowly and build up because of detox side-effects or whatnot. So, some people have started slow and as soon as they have a few drops, they start having symptoms. What are these symptoms from? Is it detox or what?

**A:** Activation of microbes drawing on the enhanced energy.

**Q:** (L) We sort of wondered if that was the case. Several of us, as soon as we had been taking iodine a few days, old issues started coming up, like cold sores and such. Several of us started having pains and tiredness and activation of some kind of viral condition, stiff neck, and a bunch of other things. It was similar to the herx reactions we had with the anti-biotic protocol. On the other hand, it seemed more like the viruses got energized by the iodine. Chu even had an attack of her cocksackie virus that flares up in her pancreas about once or twice a year. That's what made me think that instead of backing off and lowering the dose, the best thing would be to raise the dose and nuke the critters. So, Chu doubled the dose and then did it twice a day. You went from 5 drops a day to 10 drops twice a day?

(Chu) Yeah.

(L) So, Instead of backing off like this other book says you should do, she just went full bore whole hog and nuked 'em. Is that advisable?

**A:** Indeed. The battle is difficult to win if you keep supplying the "critters" with food and energy.

**Q:** (Chu) And before, they said people who get symptoms, it's activation of microbes drawing on the enhanced energy...

(L) So if you get energized by taking the iodine, that energizes your critters too, and they start getting more active. But you're not taking enough of a dose to kill them. You're just taking enough to energize yourself, which then feeds them because you're not taking a microbicidal dose.

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (L) Timótheos did the same thing and so did the rest of us. When we started getting symptoms, we just took it up to the doses that Brownstein talks about: 50 to 100 mg per day or more. Okay. One of the things that Brownstein says in the book is that many people's problems are not so much critters as it is heavy metals. The iodine removes cadmium, mercury, lead, all kinds of metals from the body. It even cleans them out of the endocrine systems, which they preferentially occupy – it even removes the fluoride out of the pineal gland which is where it likes to live. Is that true? Does it do that?

**A:** Yes yes yes

**Q:** (Galatea) One more...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Cool. (laughter)

(L) In short, going by what Brownstein says, iodine is something that is antimicrobial and gets the heavy metals out of your body as long as your detox system is working, and it basically sounds like it's too good to be true? What's the downside?

**A:** Not many. But it can take months to years to get clean depending on how toxic the individual is.

**Q:** (L) I guess if you're having microbe die-off, you should just go ahead and nuke 'em. I guess what takes the longest is getting the metals out. If you kill microbes, you've gotta clean their bodies out of your system too which is what causes a herxheimer reaction.

(Andromeda) What about cofactors? Are there any other cofactors we should be taking?

**A:** What you are doing is good but you might want to increase the salted water and assist the liver.

**Q:** (Galatea) Oh dang! I was gonna ask if I could quit taking the salt water.

(L) I think the salt water is one of the most important things based on how it made me feel.

(Chu) Is it possible to overdose?

**A:** Very difficult.

**Q:** (L) Some websites are saying it's safe up to 6 grams or something like that per day. That's a whole helluva lot! I don't even know how you'd manage to take that much. Probably a gram a day is about the most you can take without being sick to your stomach. Is that...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) That would be twice what I'm taking.

(L) And I don't even think that high a dose is necessary.

**A:** Not usually.

**Q:** (L) So, in some cases it might be. This Brownstein book says that iodine is an excellent antibiotic for all kinds of organisms including bacteria, tuberculosis, fungi, yeasts, molds, and viruses; that it has no side effects like pharmaceutical antibiotics, and there is no development of resistance against it. Apparently the only reason this is not being talked about is because they can't patent it and make money. Well, of course, they want human beings weak and suffering: transmarginal inhibition and all that. People are more easily broken psychologically if they are sick or infected with something. So, let me ask you: Could iodine combat AIDS?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Ebola?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Plague?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) Chicken Pox?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Measles?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, why the hell didn't you tell us about this before?! (laughter)

**A:** Would you have believed it? Also, it is a very good thing that you have gone through various programs already or you would have been one of those that takes years to normalize and you would have lost heart and quit too soon.

**Q:** (L) So it came at the right time.

(Galatea) Everything happens when it's meant to happen.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Is there any other miracle cure out there that you haven't told us about?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (laughter) (Galatea) Just making sure!

(nicklebleu) We've been doing different things, and we've researched a lot of different aspects of health. All the things help some people, but others don't see much benefit, like for example the ketogenic diet. I'm still trying to figure out what is the overarching problem in health or bad health in general. Does it in the end come down to toxicity, and everything else flows on from that? Like infection, autoimmune disease, inflammation, degenerative diseases... Is the final problem toxicity, and everything else only comes from that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Toxicity. It's the terrain, not the microbe. I was reading that deficiency of iodine in any tissue can cause problems with that area of the body. If you are deficient you might have dry mouth, dry eyes, inability to sweat, brain fog, nodules in the skin like are common with arthritis, fibrosis and fibroids, fibromyalgia, chronic fatigue and on and on the list goes. The major thing is the failure of the immune system allowing so-called autoimmune conditions to develop.

(Chu) But Data for example, if he takes 4 or 5 drops...

(Data) I take 5 drops, and I feel like I had a very strong coffee.

(Chu) But maybe you're feeding your critters?

(Data) Maybe I have to nuke 'em!

(Scottie) Well, are you feeling bad in any way when you take it?

(Data) No.

(L) Maybe you don't have a problem. Maybe the terrain is already clean. He did say that not everybody is deficient to the point of inducing a condition. But almost everybody needs more iodine than they are getting if for no other reason than to detox metals. Apparently we need at least 12.5 milligrams a day, NOT micrograms, and that is just for the body; no detox included in that amount! Apparently, it's not just the thyroid that is hungry for iodine. It is also concentrated in the salivary glands, the lining of the stomach and small intestine, the breasts and ovaries, the eyes, the part of the brain where cerebro-spinal fluid is produced, and the part of the brain involved in Parkinson's disease. So a lack of iodine might be involved in that condition too!

(Perceval) Taking iodine supposedly gives you energy, but that's from what? Killing critters?

(L) No, it gives you energy for other reasons. But it also kills critters and it also removes metals which could be interfering with energy. You gotta read the book.

(Perceval) How does it give you energy?

(Alana) It feeds your glands, basically.

(L) It feeds the thyroid gland which sets the rate of your metabolism; it needs iodine to do what it does to enable energy to be utilized by cells; something like that. It does all of these different things... read the book!

(nicklebleu) It feeds every cell.

(L) It has a profound effect also on your energy metabolism. Timótheos wants to ask: When is the best time to take the salt water in relation to your doses?

**A:** As you have learned it is good to start the day with a glass of warm salted water. Then you can take more a couple of hours after your iodine.

**Q:** (L) If you're taking 2 doses, you take 3 glass of salt water.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) I noticed it tasted good this morning, as well.

$1 I take the salt water and iodine at the same time first thing when I get up. Is that not right?

(Chu) No.

(Perceval) It's good to start the day with the salted water as soon as you get up. Then after breakfast, take your iodine.

(Alana) That's what I do.

(L) Yeah. So, is that good?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. And it is said that a person needs to take not only way more than the RDA, but even more than that to keep up with the ongoing toxicity that we are exposed to every single day. Clearly, we can't get that level of iodine from our food so supplementing is the only option.

(Chu) So, could this be like the antidote to the effects of the frequency fence?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So if you don't have any metals poisoning your body, and you don't have any critters colonizing your body, then the frequency beaming of the PTB can't get to you. Is that it?

**A:** Yes more or less.

**Q:** (Galatea) And also it blocks radiation in general.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Perceval) The frequency fence probably works on people because they're toxified and weak.

**A:** Yes absolutely. People will be amazed at how strong their will becomes!

**Q:** (Galatea) I wonder if it also works against skin cancer?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Yay! I can go outside.

(nicklebleu) It's usually said in terms of nuclear radiation or fallout that iodine is only good to protect the thyroid. Does it have other protective effects in this regard?

**A:** Protects all the glandular systems which are your interface with higher densities.

**Q:** (Galatea) YAY!

(L) Honey!

(Arky) Yes?

(L) You had questions last...

(Arky) No. (laughter)

(L) Why don't you want to ask your questions?

(Arky) Well, because... Well, alright. (laughter) Because I have now all this nice iodine energy, so I have to find what to do with it. (laughter) So, I want to have a good problem for exercising my brain, you know? Body is body, but brain also needs to be exercised. And then I realized that my quantum theory that I developed for like last 20 years is total crap...

**A:** Just go with what comes to you in dreams. We will communicate with you directly this way. You are about to begin the "Great Work". Hallelujah!

**Q:** (Arky) Dreams means in sleep?

**A:** Yes. And reverie.

**Q:** (Arky) Should I abandon coffee?

**A:** Not entirely.

**Q:** (Arky) Thank you very much. (laughter)

(Perceval) Arky? You want to ask about smoking?

(L) He quit.

(Arky) I quit.

(Perceval) If you're asking about vices...

(Chu) Should you smoke or not?

(L) Well, he was able to quit without it bothering him. If you can quit without it bothering you, you don't need to smoke as far as I can see.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Other questions?

(Approaching Infinity) Did any of these terrorists in the Paris attacks actually willingly blow themselves up?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Approaching Infinity) There were various reports of how many people were involved in different cars, and people seeing different individuals. The official story is that there were nine people involved directly in the attacks... So, that means on the ground, shooting, and allegedly exploding bombs. But how many people were actually on the ground?

**A:** 25 including support and covert ops management.

**Q:** (Alana) I have a question on a different subject. When we did the health and wellness show on death, we talked about what's been reported that when people who have had a near death experience, afterwards they have these weird experiences with electricity. Their watches stop working, sometimes they blow lightbulbs when they walk through a room, and things like that. And I remember that when I read about...

**A:** Generally due to enhanced energy flow thanks to channels being opened by transit.

**Q:** (Alana) Is that why people who get abducted have the same electric...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Alana) It's like what we said on the show: When you go to a different realm, it's kinda like more charged, and then you come back, you're kinda like...

(L) Not only have you transited through some kind of conduit, you've come back through it, and you've brought something with you, or made a connection or something. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Any other questions?

(Perceval) What were the heat signatures that were recorded inside the Giza pyramids?

**A:** Additional chambers that we have mentioned before.

**Q:** (Perceval) Those strange circular objects that fell in Spain, they said they were gas tanks from a satellite. Is that what they were?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Question is: How come they're falling?

(Perceval) Why did two of them fall in the same place in Spain?

**A:** Put there as message.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that aliens in spaceships put them there?

**A:** Something like that.

**Q:** (L) And what about the satellites that they were attached to?

**A:** Gone. Poof. Part of the message.

**Q:** (L) Huh?

(Perceval) A message to who?

**A:** Who do you think? The people that put them in space!

**Q:** (Perceval) I think they're saying they were put there as part of the message. Directly placed. But the satellites were shot down, and that was part of the message. They were from American satellites?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) Of course, we don't know what kind of satellites they were. There are many kinds of satellites. Hmm...

**A:** The kind that were intended as "defense" against what is "out there".

**Q:** (Scottie) So they really ARE clueless then!

(L) Okay. Well then...

(Perceval) One more question. China mirage, remember that one a few weeks ago?

(Galatea) Oh yeah! The city in the sky!

(Perceval) Was it real?

**A:** A real mirage.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's kind of a bodacious mirage...

**A:** Yes expect more!

**Q:** (Perceval) Something to do with bleedthrough?

**A:** No. Atmospheric effects.

**Q:** (Pierre) Expect more because it's due to refraction, and refraction is proportional to the temperature gradient in the atmosphere. Since there's more cooling down of the higher atmosphere, you'll have more mirages.

(Perceval) And bigger.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) That's pretty cool. Why can't we see a city in the sky?

**A:** Wait!

**Q:** (Galatea) YAY! We're gonna see one here!

(L) Alright. We're getting silly, so we'll say goodnight.

(Galatea) Getting silly is fun!

**A:** Relax now and enjoy the show. Goodbye.

(Galatea) Bubye! Thank you.

END OF SESSION

