## July 4, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, Data, Niall, Scottie

**Q:** (L) This is the 4th of July, 2015.

[lots of background noise in digital recording that is not consistent with wind noise or the noise made by a quiet fan running on other side of room; audio fades in and out a lot during the whole session recording]

**A:** Hello people. Efejlonia of Cassiopaea generating energy for you as we see that you have been recently sapped.

**Q:** (L) And what do you mean by, "recently sapped"?

**A:** Activities on travels and such.

**Q:** (L) Okay, speaking of our activities on travels... My impression of Prague was that something really terrible must have happened there in the past. Is that a reasonable or accurate impression?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I joked about it and said that there were trolls under the bridges and dragons in the river, but in another way I really wasn't joking. Is that also an accurate or reasonable perception?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, there's a little mystery since that's where Vincent Bridges died. People there at the "alchemical museum" he was associated with and which was in the same building where he claimed he lived, all insisted that he didn't die there. On the funeral home website where the obituary was published, and other articles published on a couple of web sites, say he did die there just a few hours before his play was supposed to have premiered. So, it seems pretty certain that he died there. And the people we talked to at the museum all knew him, knew his work, what he was doing there and so on, but they all said "no", he didn't die there. Why are these people lying about that? Why are they claiming that he didn't die there? One of them even said that she thought he went to Canada and died there. Why are they lying about it?

**A:** Because of the circumstances of his death.

**Q:** (L) What circumstances would those be?

(Perceval) Was he necromancing?

(L) Was he engaged in some kind of "working" - trying to call down the Ophanic angels of Edward Kelley?... I mean, what circumstances?

[No answer]

(L) Why don't you want to tell us what the circumstances are?

**A:** Give us a moment to access and assess.

(Galatea) Okay, take your time!

**A:** Such activities are "veiled".

**Q:** (L) Such activities as what?

**A:** Those involving what are usually called the "Dark Arts".

**Q:** (Andromeda) It was the girl in the museum that said he died in Canada... It was right after you {Laura}asked if he had died there that she said, "I dunno, it was really weird." Then she said "maybe it was in Canada", but she did say it was "really weird" when you asked about his death.

(L) So, maybe this is something we shouldn't have too explicit details on...?

(Chu) Was she the one who said, "Oh, all these people who try to contact..."

(L) That was the one in the bar. She said something about people coming there and trying to contact Dee and Kelley and their spirits and so forth. She said it as though such people were stupid or gullible and suckers.

(Andromeda) And this other girl, when she said something about how it was really weird, she caught herself in an obvious way. It sounded like she almost was going to say something else.

(L) So, something strange did happen there. Is it better if we don't ask for explicit details?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Because we don't want to look into such darkness because it may look back. So, our idea was that perhaps Vincent Bridges was involved in things that were even directed at us and they bounced back at him. But there might be some energies left that were aimed in our direction that we might want to block or cut off; I also had the impression that Vincent was somehow not "free", so to say, and maybe a little cleansing could help him, too; so that was what we were focused on doing in our particular activities. Were we successful in those activities?

**A:** Respecting yourselves, yes, but Vincent is still "frozen".

**Q:** (L) Frozen?

(Pierre) What does it mean, frozen?

(L) What does "frozen" mean?

**A:** Stuck.

**Q:** (L) He's stuck? What will be the... Can we even ask this? Can he get unstuck?

**A:** Think about Gurdjieff's "Immortal Thing".

(Galatea) So no, he's not ever going to be unstuck then.

**Q:** (L) Well, Gurdjieff says that Immortal Things still only have a limited shelf life even on astral planes. Eventually, they kind of like dissolve or dissipate. Is that true?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's seriously unpleasant.

(Galatea) Is he gonna come back as a demon?

(Perceval) Is he bound for the "cosmic soup", the primordial soup they mentioned before?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Wow. That sucks.

(Galatea) Did he release anything evil on us in Prague?

**A:** Tried to.

**Q:** (L) So when Jay Weidner wrote to me and accused me of killing him, in a sense, he may have been talking about what he knew to have been transpiring: that Vincent was trying some sort of "working" or something that was directed at me, but bounced back on him?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Very interesting. So, in other words, that is what we're talking about that sapped us?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it took a great deal of energy to do what we were doing even if it was happening on a psychic or subconscious or whatever plane?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Did our cleansing help the people of Prague in any way?

**A:** Minimally. Notice that the released energy bounced around your hemisphere.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

(Pierre) It bounced around the Earth, around the Northern Hemisphere?

**A:** Violence.

**Q:** (L) I don't think they meant the Northern Hemisphere. I think they meant our side of the ocean.

(Andromeda) So energy we released bounced around and created violence?

(Niall) Terror attacks.

(L) That's right. There were three events on the same day?

(Perceval) No, hang on...

(Andromeda) Tunisia, France, and...

(Perceval) We did the thing on Tuesday, and it was three days later on Friday when those attacks happened. Because of that cleansing, that that in some way contributed to that violence?

(L) Well, they said it released energy. What do you mean by "released energy"?

**A:** Energy was aimed at you but was released and became free floating to be utilized where it found resonance.

**Q:** (Perceval) Energy from who though?

(Pierre) That was the energy that Vincent Bridges accumulated against you?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It was energy emanating from Prague against us? And we basically just walked right into the belly of the beast!

(Andromeda) Alright!!! [High Five and laughter]

(Pierre) So, we avoided a major threat because somehow he didn't manage to bring all this energy that he created or harnessed or whatever... He didn't manage to release it against us? He managed to store it, store it, store it, but before pressing the trigger, he died or something? We avoided the hit.

(Perceval) No...

**A:** The energy was set to accumulate until it could breach your defenses.

**Q:** (L) So it was like some kind of psychic capacitor action?

(Pierre) Loading, loading, loading until it could break through our defenses.

(L) So, is that why the events transpired that led us to go to Prague?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So even if we weren't conscious of any of those things, it led us in the path that would help us to defend ourselves so to speak?

**A:** Guidance was present even if you were not fully conscious of it.

**Q:** (Perceval) Someone was guiding Arky to insist that he should go to this conference in Prague.

(Pierre) They said that this energy was building up even though he was dead or in another plane. So, he managed after his death to keep on building it up?

**A:** Part of the "frozen status".

**Q:** (L) So, he himself in this frozen state became like a generator?

(Galatea) He turned into a battery of evil.

(L) Yeah, like a battery of evil.

(Andromeda) So do we have to periodically do some sort of release, and if we do, will we be creating more terrorist attacks?

**A:** That was sufficient thank you!

**Q:** (Scottie) Yeah, first of all, I'm not so sure that Vincent Bridges himself was some kind of dark wizard or something. When you're dealing with Dark Arts and stuff, possession, or whatever, there's stuff out there that's really nasty. You don't want to stir it up. You just want to defend on behalf of Laura and all of us, but you don't wanna go and be like, "Yeah, let's take 'em all on!" And with the energy, I don't think it was like Vincent was really doing anything himself to gather that level of energy...

(L) He was just a tool!

(Scottie) He was just being used.

(L) You say this energy was released and there was violence that resulted from it. Is that like... Is that our fault because we went there to do that?

**A:** No no no!!! Everything that resulted was due to 4D STS rage at losing their target.

**Q:** (Galatea) They threw a tantrum.

(Pierre) A nasty one.

(Chu) Laura was their target, and the energy that was beamed at her bounced. And then 4D STS were like, "Dammit!"

(L) And their carefully constructed little mechanism where they got Vinnie to get himself frozen in some kind of astral state to act as a channel towards me got disconnected, and we pulled the plug, so to say!

(Perceval) Was the salting instrumental in that?

**A:** That is materially efficacious, but the most important aspects were the full awareness and concentration, plus most important, channeling cosmic forces of positive protection.

**Q:** (L) So that makes me think that awareness itself is part of contact potential difference. It's like when you have a current flow, you have a whole bunch of electrons over here, and they flow to over there because of a difference in charge. This is funny, because it's kind of in my head: it's like a full field of awareness becomes an attractor in the material world for ethereal world or cosmic energy.

(Pierre) Yeah, and they say some kind of resonance. Vinnie was resonating with 4D STS, and we're resonating with positive forces.

(Perceval) In a practical sense, the awareness was the fact that you were there with the idea that Vinnie had left something there that needed to be dealt with. Some negative energy or whatever...

(L) I didn't have any idea of what it might be.

(Perceval) But it was an awareness that there was something and that it needed to be "cleaned". So that in some energetic way clashed with the negative energy. It's like two opposite poles. Like positive charge and negative charge.

(L) It's like turning on a light. The flow of electrons goes and illuminates the bulb.

(Perceval) Or lightning hitting the ground. It creates a boom.

(L) Yeah, so it was kind of like a psychic lightning bolt.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And we became the transmitters of this psychic lightning bolt?

**A:** Yes. Amazing what a few aware people can do?!

**Q:** (L) Well, the thing is, it's not like we planned to do things. We're just trying to defend ourselves or do a little cleansing of the energy. We were flying by the seat of our pants. We were just following our instincts so to say.

(Pierre) When they say it's amazing what a few aware people can do, does it mean that there are a lot of positive forces around here, but there's not enough connectors? See what I mean? What is lacking is not higher positive forces, but aware people who can transduce them if it is awareness that makes the difference...

(L) Is that the case? There is plenty of positive force in the cosmos, but there just aren't enough people working on being awake and aware and following their instincts and letting the universe guide and drive and develop for all this to manifest?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I remember once you said something about programs and program writers that we would do what we would do. It was ourselves in the future that were the programmers that were directing us so to speak? Something along that line...

**A:** Yes. Good reference!

**Q:** (Galatea) Are you gonna ask about your amoebas tonight?

(L) What was I going to ask about the amoebas?

(Pierre) How many did you have before, and how many do you have now?

(Perceval) The problem with all of this if you go back to the beginning, Arky just heard about a conference that happened to be in Prague, and he wanted to go. Ya know? That was the genesis of it. So you can't ascribe any human agency to that in a conscious sense.

(L) Yeah, and he wanted to go. And I knew I didn't want him to go alone. And I didn't want to go to Prague.

(Galatea) And Perceval didn't want Andromeda to go alone! (laughter)

(L) It was kind of like a chain of events that kind of happened.

(Pierre) But there are hundreds of scientific conferences. Why did Ark pick this one?

(L) I think because of the topic and who was going to be there. He was working on things that happened to relate to the theme of the conference. Okay, the kids want me to ask about the amoebas. Is my anti-amoeba protocol working?

**A:** Yes but needs continuance.

**Q:** (Perceval) Uh-oh!

(L) Are they actually amoebas?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) What are they?

**A:** Semi-celled pathogens.

**Q:** (L) So it's like one of those pathogens that has mutated where they - OW! That hurt my toe!

(Galatea) You scratched my bare skin!

(L) You tore my toenail off! (laughter)

(Pierre) You cut my leg off!

(Andromeda) Where's my foot?! (laughter)

(L) No, anyway, they have these mutated types of germs or bacteria where they mutated to the point where they don't have a coherent cell wall. They just ooze around. I guess that's what they must mean.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) More importantly, what do they mean by, "needs continuance"?

**A:** Repeat at intervals as you are.

**Q:** (Galatea) Will the results be worth it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) They wanted me to ask how many of these critters I had before I started the protocol? You wanna give me a number there?

**A:** Silly! Billions!

**Q:** (Perceval) Is this something everybody should do?

**A:** Those fitting the profile.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Would it be good for me to do it?

**A:** Test

**Q:** (L) How do you test? Do you just do the first day of a round and see how bad a Herxheimer reaction you have?

**A:** Good idea! But don't forget amelioration.

**Q:** (L) I guess they mean taking something like cortisone to counteract the reaction.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I mean, I wanted to see how bad off I was. That's why I didn't take the cortisone. But Jesus Christ!

(Andromeda) You were really bad the first few cycles.

(L) It freakin' nearly killed me! So, I would say for the first day for two or three cycles, one should also take the cortisone.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Data) How does one get these pathogens?

**A:** Food and water and infections that weaken and allow entry.

**Q:** (L) So you can have them in your food and water like anywhere, but unless you get something else that weakens you, they don't take hold?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. Now, there's something else that's been on my mind unless something has a pressing question. What has been on my mind is the apparent futility of doing anything. I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels it. Forum members, group members, FOTCM members... We're watching what's going on in the world, and we feel absolutely helpless and hopeless. It's just gotten to the point where you just sit there in absolute shock and observe events in the world and the complete decline and deterioration. It's so bad, you don't even want to go out of our house anymore. This takes the heart out of everybody, including me sometimes, to do much of anything except to try to just keep on keeping on, encouraging people and helping people as best as we can. I just don't know what else to do.

**A:** Recall where you were 20 years ago?

**Q:** (L) Yeah, I was in a very awful state. I didn't have answers. I didn't know how things worked. The thing is, knowing how things work and what's going on... In one way, it's relieving and liberating because you don't string yourself along with false hopes, but on the other hand, it's horrifying.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) How do you remain optimistic?

**A:** It is always darkest before dawn.

**Q:** (Perceval) Would it be true to say that it hasn't yet gotten as dark as it's going to get?

**A:** Probably. Recall that this is necessary to awaken those who are still dreaming. Those of you who see and know must be ready to guide those who stumble into the light with blinded eyes. Thus it is necessary for all who do see to remain steadfast and continue allowing their awareness to transmit cosmic energy. Think of it as similar to your activities in Praha, though on a grander scale.

**Q:** (L) So becoming aware is really an important... Well, lemme ask this: You mean that just being aware is the most important thing that all of us in the group can do?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) And being aware includes divesting yourself of your programs and learning about...

(Perceval) The two go together. You can't be fully aware in the broadest way possible without dealing with your own prejudices, biases, programs, etc.

(L) Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, working on oneself as Gurdjieff formulated it, more or less, is the means to become transmitters of cosmic forces - even if you're not fully conscious that you're doing it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) The problem is that the world is just descending into craziness. It's a complete and utter farce. For us, it's becoming ridiculous. It's like watching a bunch of lunatics from an asylum out in the street, taking over government buildings, and taking over countries. They're insane. And we're meant to actually, what? Comment on it? You don't comment on it. You don't analyze what they do and try to make sense of it. You just say, "They're crazy!" So that's why we feel like there's no point in even talking about this stuff anymore. But as they said, there are people who don't see that.

(L) There are people who are just stumbling out of the darkness.

(Perceval) In terms of what we do, those conditions of the world becoming ever more obviously crazy makes it easier for us to point out how crazy it is. So effectively, even though it's crazy-making for us, our job is actually easier because it's so obvious! It's easier today.

(L) More and more people are publishing articles about psychopathy, and people everywhere are talking about it. At some point, I guess it will hit critical mass.

(Perceval) These psychos will be their own undoing. Just letting them go wild means they expose themselves and what they're doing to a greater audience.

(L) Well.

(Chu) This is something that's exercises my mind: sometimes, what feels futile, or this feeling of preaching to the choir - the same people already know, so why do they need the repetition, ya know? I wonder if sometimes we should do a version of the Work for Dummies. At the same time, there's the thing that Gurdjieff said where knowledge is NOT supposed to be spread to all people. So where is the middle ground between helping people who are barely stumbling and struggling into the light, and they don't have time to catch up with 20 years of work, and...

(Perceval) Maybe a lot more people will stumble blinded into the light in the future as things get worse. There may be a point where a lot more people will go, "What's going on?!"

(L) We get tired of saying the same things over and over again, but there's always someone new who hasn't heard it. There's always a reason to be active with new members on the forum, to write things in the same way, or to rephrase things, commentary on SOTT, etc.

(Perceval) Even the people who do know it, they need reinforcing of the message because they're out there in the world surrounded by A influences, let's say.

(L) Well, I guess since I'm getting a little tired here, maybe we should ask if there are any final messages, anything that I forget to ask that I should have asked, or anything like that?

(Galatea) I have a quick question. Do you talk to 4D STO people?

**A:** "Talk"?

**Q:** (Galatea) Communicate with?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Okay. Say hi for us!

(L) Okay, um...

**A:** For all forum members: Do not lose heart. Just remember that if you do all you can, yourselves in the future will bridge the gap. You are all potential transducers of information into chaos. Let that information be love/truth. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

