## May 2, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Perceval, Chu, PoB, Niall, Scottie

**Q:** (L) Today is the 2nd of May 2015. [Review of those present] All right...

(Galatea) Did we say hello?

(L) Oh.

(Galatea) Hello? Is anybody there?

**A:** Jepiminz of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) I've been going through the 1995 transcripts writing commentary, and there were several sessions in there that were direct channeling with "Frank". Ya know, some of them were quite annoying because there was this sensation of not wanting to give answers. Would that be a correct assessment?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) But, after all, we would persist with asking questions, and... The information that was given through that method, is it reliable?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (L) And how is it possible for it to be reliable if there was a disinclination on Frank's part to... Was it Frank, or was it the entity? Or was it an entity?

**A:** "Frank"

**Q:** (L) So, it was Cassiopaeans information?

**A:** Yes, though somewhat strained.

**Q:** (L) Well, if Frank wasn't the... What I'm trying to get at is: How is this possible?

**A:** As you noticed, Frank was a gifted psychic "channel." He was, for a time, your linkup with yourself in the future. Sort of like training wheels.

**Q:** (L) How am I to evaluate this material?

**A:** You are doing well thus far.

**Q:** (L) Well, my evaluation is that there's a little bit of a conflict between whatever was going on with Frank that didn't want to be a giving... He didn't have this giving impulse. It would pull back, or try to put constriction on the information. It would come through anyway. It was almost as though it was finding a way, forcing a way through no matter what. Sometimes it even came through in coded ways as if he didn't even understand what was coming through. He had no real understanding of it.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Now, I have a question I want to ask. I received a message from an individual on Facebook. She says,

"I was wondering if you could ask the C's about a friend that went missing 2 years ago. I just found out last week, and was saddened to hear the news. Kim was a writer for Natural News."

(L) Apparently, this girl had gone to Ecuador and was engaged in taking mescaline or something, and she had a breakdown or something. Then she left home, never to be seen again. She says,

"I don't want to interfere or expose her in the readings, but I wanted to know if she is okay or what happened to her if it is alright to know this information? She helped me a lot with my health while I was helping her put her book together on cleansing with enemas and preparing fermented vegetables. Her book was called Cleaning Up. Thanks."

(L) Okay, the girl's name is Kim Evans, and she went missing in 2013. The story is kind of weird. She left with $400, a small suitcase, her passport, and...

(Andromeda) She said she'd be right back.

(L) So, first of all, is it okay to ask about this? This was published on the internet, so I guess it's not like a private situation. Is it okay for us to even ask about it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is this person still alive in the body?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Pierre) How did she die?

**A:** Driven by voices to expose herself to danger.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Whose voices?

**A:** In her head.

**Q:** (L) And what was the source of these voices?

**A:** Entities hanging around

**Q:** (L) Were these entities hanging around because of her encounter with psychedelic drugs?

**A:** Partly but she was also mentally and psychically vulnerable due to genetic factors.

**Q:** (L) Let me just make a statement here. People who have particular genetic vulnerabilities should not participate in hallucinogenic drug activities? Is that a reasonable assumption to make?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But then people don't always know whether they're genetically vulnerable, do they?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Anything else to say about it?

(Galatea) Is there a way to determine if someone is genetically vulnerable?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Perceval) Just don't be messing with psychedelic drugs, no matter who you are. That sounds reasonable.

(Chu) What kind of danger did she expose herself to?

**A:** Places people.

**Q:** (Perceval) Was she murdered?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) So she fell in with the very wrong crowd.

(L) You can't get us any closer than that?

**A:** No, since there is no direct linkup.

**Q:** (L) In other words, since we're not directly connected to her or know anything about her, we can't tune in any closer than that. Well...

**A:** All should be aware of the potentials for entity interference when utilizing psychedelics. They can be beneficial in some cases but with care.

**Q:** (L) I would say you have to also have people who are fully aware of the possibilities, doing mental blocking, taking care of the energy around...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Galatea) Related, is it okay for us to meditate in order to increase our psychic abilities? Is it safe?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That's in the sessions. We talked about that. Scottie, do you have any questions about your recent reading?

(Scottie) Well, kind of... I recently read Hostage to the Devil by Malachi Martin. I posted on the forum about it. A short discussion ensued, and several people asked basically what's the deal with Catholic priests doing an exorcism and they invoke Jesus, blah blah blah. So, many of us were wondering how that works. We kind of know that the story that Catholics believe about Jesus is not exactly true. It's a lie. So, I'm having a hard time reconciling this whole "invoking Christ" thing with the fact that entities seem to get in the door when you're lying to yourself about something. So, that's how they get in, but then a Catholic exorcist is technically believing a lie if they're invoking the name of Jesus, and the entities are pretty smart, right? So...

(Perceval) Why would it be effective?

**A:** Intent combined with being and willingness to do good can often produce effects even when knowledge is absent.

**Q:** (Perceval) That's what I was thinking. They may believe that Barney the Purple Dinosaur is going to get rid of the demon, but they themselves are fighting for it, ya know? So they're putting their own energy into it. Whatever they believe in, it's they that are putting the energy and will into it to try to effect a change.

(L) Well, it reminds me about that story Terry told about the barfly guy. It was like something rose up inside him, and he confronted this individual and said, "We don't have a problem here, do we?" And it was like "BEing" inside him - even though he didn't have any real knowledge about who or what the guy was, or any of the other stuff that came out later - it was like his awareness that there was something at another level operating there was kind of the awareness that was being looked for. I guess if you're in an exorcism situation, the very fact that you have the minimal awareness that you're dealing with "something" that's non-corporeal and cannot be seen is already more awareness than most people have!

(Perceval) So that means you can interact with and affect it in some way.

(L) That's a certain level of knowledge.

(Perceval) With the whole Jesus thing, just look at Lourdes. There are people who actually have been cured by their own belief. So, there is an actual power behind that. Even if it's false!

(L) The individual seeking the exorcism obviously is Catholic, or some part of them has this belief. That creates this force.

(Pierre) And the priest has devoted his life to Catholicism, so he has this strong faith. And it's off in terms of historical factors, but there is nonetheless this higher power...

(L) And the C's said there were higher density beings that are able to give this power or help people when they are called on.

(Pierre) Even Caesar. We asked about it, and I think he said something about when people call on Jesus, he will answer.

(Perceval) Or for some...

(Chu) I think there might be a third factor, too. The priests know they're taking a risk for somebody else. That courage or bravery is also part of BEing. So, the entity could see they're believing a lie, but Holy Moses! They're even willing to open themselves up and fight against it.

(L) That's a possibility too. Still, in that book there were several cases that were just really scary. I think Scottie's analysis at the end of that poor guy who was dying, and what was it you said? He knew about evil or something?

(Scottie) He wouldn't tell Martin what the deal was until right before he died. He said he had gone through his life and he was just serving Jesus, and blah blah blah, but he had never considered the idea of hating, or really despairing, or rejecting Jesus. He knew of evil, but he didn't know evil directly. Once he did, it forced him to actually say to himself, "Well, what if Jesus isn't the end-all and be-all?"

(L) Or what if there is another side to it all, and the universe is more complex than we can imagine?

(Scottie) It literally tortured him for the rest of his life.

(Perceval) So, a direct experience of the supposed reality proposed by the Catholic church actually led this guy to question his faith in the church itself! Everyone just believes the ideas and myths and the teachings, but they have no experience of it. Good, evil, the devil, Satan... But nobody has any direct experience of it. Once they have direct experience of that stuff you're supposed to guard against, and it shakes their faith.

(L) It shakes your faith in reality because you realize that there is the existence of this "something", and apparently it has its right to exist. It's one thing to hear stories about Adam and Eve and the serpent coming along and tempting, and then all of these later stories about demons and all that kind of stuff. But when you come to the realization that it's really, really real... That it exists, it has an effect, and in a sense it has its place in all of existence, and that it has its own right to exist... Then you realize that the story about god being all good, that's what fails. You can still think of something that's omniscient and omnipotent, but it's no longer all good. That's when you realize that you have this choice. And that choice is just horrifying to people.

(Pierre) And the universe is about balance. If you have powerful good entities, then you have powerful evil entities.

(Perceval) I think like you're saying there, it might actually make people question whether or not god actually cares in the way it's presented.

(L) Yeah, and these are things I talk about in The Wave.

(Perceval) It makes you think. It makes a former blind believer think in real terms, and you come up with difficult questions and not many answers.

(L) Alright, so who's got questions? Moving along...

(Perceval) I was wondering about these WalMart store closures. There were five stores closed across southern US states, from Florida to California. They gave an explanation of "plumbing problems". They told employees on the day they closed them. They walked in, and they said basically, "You're all fired at the end of today." They're closing the doors due to plumbing issues, and they said this same thing at each of the five stores. 2200 people across 5 stores lost their jobs.

(Andromeda) And they were doing well, so it wasn't a money issue.

(Perceval) One of them was in the top 10 for sales in the US, and there are like 1500 stores total. Anyway, they gave a bogus explanation of plumbing repairs, but that's been refuted by everybody. Everyone said they never saw a single plumbing problem, no plumbers, no nothing. Even mainstream media news reports on it are saying that this plumbing explanation is obviously bullshit. So, people in the conspiracy community have started linking it with this Jade Helm exercises later in the year. They're saying the stores will be turned into prison camps, detention centers, whatever... It's all crazy stuff. I don't think that's true, but the question is then: Why were these stores closed?

**A:** Influences of a cosmic nature.

**Q:** (Perceval) In the fringe conspiracy domain, they're all going crazy about this. A lot of people are talking about this, like Sorcha Faal. One of her sites, EU Times, just makes tons of claims with no sources to back it up. There was stuff about how all WalMarts are connected by underground tunnels across the USA, and that the US military uses these WalMarts as logistics centers.

(Andromeda) Um, that's not very practical... And detention centers is impractical because they're gonna need a LOT more space than that, obviously. So, it's very mysterious...

(L) So what does "cosmic influences" mean?

**A:** Full spectrum dominance of 4D STS helpers. [answer comes slowly, and gets a bit stuck at "helpers"]

**Q:** (L) What was that?

(Niall) Perceval was just saying "full spectrum dominance" a couple of days ago.

(Perceval) Well, 4D STS helpers would be 3D, Mossad, or whatever? Well, did these specific WalMarts that were closed, did they have...?

**A:** Command centers.

**Q:** (Perceval) So they're going to be used as command centers.

(Chu) Or they are being used...

(Perceval) Well, I don't think so. They were WalMarts up until a couple of weeks ago. Are there tunnels underground connecting WalMarts?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) No tunnels.

(Perceval) Excellent. Thank god. (laughter)

(Andromeda) They're not gonna be used for body disposal?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Pierre) What's so special about those five WalMarts?

**A:** Size, suitability, location.

**Q:** (Perceval) Do they have anything to do with these planned Jade Helm military exercises this summer?

**A:** Ultimately, but not quite yet.

**Q:** (Perceval) So, can we assume that the US military has requisitioned these 5 stores as command centers?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Perceval) They want them to be covert command centers? They're not gonna turn them into official military bases, right?

**A:** Ultimately.

**Q:** (Scottie) Well, they said "Close" to the question of if they're turning them into military bases.

(Perceval) No, they said ultimately they will. "Close" was for if they'd been requisitioned as command centers, and "Ultimately" was if they'd be turned into overt military bases.

**A:** Military/civilian.

**Q:** (Perceval) Military/civilian as in intelligence/spooky type things?

(L) Or command centers. Military/civilian command centers...

(Niall) DHS

(Perceval) Is it preparation for some expected...

(L) I mean, look at how they put WalMarts in these central locations to cover surrounding areas. They're accessible. Accessibility. What if people are told you have to show up there and register, or get vaccinated, marked, get something injected into you, or if you want to get food - a distribution center...

(Perceval) So, they are being taking over by the military, but...

(L) They're gonna be refitted in some way.

(Perceval) ...in a preparatory way for something they expect coming down the pipeline in the near future.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Or for a civil war situation...

(Perceval) Or financial collapse.

(L) Or catastrophe...

(Pierre) What kind of eventuality do they have in mind?

**A:** No dice.

**Q:** (L) They wouldn't tell you that.

(Chu) Obviously, it's not something to help people because it's a command center.

(Perceval) Command and control for DHS, or...

(Niall) FEMA

(Perceval) There's one in Florida, one in Oklahoma, two in Texas, and one in California. So, it's across the bottom of the USA. Are they gonna do this with more stores?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) So it's just the beginning.

(Perceval) There are thousands of WalMarts...

**A:** Notice the time given for "repairs."

**Q:** (Perceval) Right, 6 months to a year.

(Pierre) That's totally unrealistic for plumbing repairs!

(L) So, 6 months to a year before they expect to need them to go into operation.

(Pierre) So it's soon.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Perceval) The Jade Helm military exercises across several states this July in the USA, is that similar to the way they would do "drills" during false flags attacks and stuff like that?

**A:** "War games" against masses. Also note that "things" tend to "happen" during such exercises.

**Q:** (Perceval) Right, they "go live"...

(L) They were having "exercises" when 9/11 happened. They were having exercises for two or three other things, like the London Bombings.

(Perceval) Boston Bombings, too. Sandy Hook. Everything.

(L) Next question?

(PoB) I would like to ask about this Boeing military jet that disappeared from the radar over the English Channel for one hour?

**A:** Already answered similar question.

**Q:** (Pierre) Yeah, they said it was glitches and 4D bleedthrough.

(Andromeda) Did it reappear?

(Perceval) This one landed safely, but it disappeared for about an hour.

**A:** Glitches are making the PTB nervous.

**Q:** (L) And when the PTB get nervous, they get nasty.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) That's the problem.

(Perceval) Is there any actual potential for these glitches to be beneficial in any way in terms of exposing some truth to ordinary people?

**A:** Accidentally.

**Q:** (Perceval) I suppose if some real weirdness happened, people might...

(L) What if you're running from the police and you go through some portal and you end up halfway around the world, but it closes just before they get there? (laughter) That would be accidentally beneficial!

[Short break]

(L) Okay, where were we?

(Perceval) There were even contractors that do work at WalMarts, and they said they'd never close the whole store. What they do is they go in and if they need to close bathrooms, they set up temporary bathrooms so they don't have to close for even one minute, and then the contractors are told they get like two weeks maximum to finish all the repairs.

(Pierre) They're so greedy... They'd close 6 months for plumbing? HA! That's just bad.

(L) Command centers sounds kind of reasonable because they're not very useful for much else. What was it Sorcha Faal was saying about it?

(Perceval) All the tunnels and all that stuff...

(L) The thing with Sorcha Faal is, read what he/she/it says, and assume the exact opposite. It's a complete US-controlled disinformation source that sets itself up to be Russian.

(Perceval) In a really crass way.

(Galatea) Are people and things that once disappeared a long time ago going to be reappearing?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Cool! A Viking ship...

(Scottie) Showing up in our pond!

(Perceval) There was that story somewhere about World War II planes... it was a movie. I don't think it was real, but WWII planes fly through a dimensional hole and they come out later.

(Pierre) There are many stories about old sailboats from antiquity that are being witnessed.

(L) Well, you know that thing that happened to us before Galatea was born... For half an hour to an hour, these World War II type propeller planes flew over our house in Florida. It was the night of the auroras, and the sky was all red and it smelled like cinnamon. It was like an electromagnetic phenomenon going on, and I think it created a warp in space-time, and we actually were seeing something that was happening in another time.

(Perceval) You were seeing the skies over WWII Europe?

(L) Maybe we were. It's unlikely that anybody would have that many propeller planes in 1989? Just one after another, on and on and on they went...

(Andromeda) I remember more the red sky, the smell of cinnamon, and the crackling in the air.

(L) It was a really wild experience. Those planes just kept going, and going, and going. I stopped counting at about 100. We're talking about hundreds of planes. That was insane.

(Pierre) Was there a link with Galatea 's birth?

(L) I just remember it because...

(Perceval) Galatea fell out of one of the planes - instead of a stork bringing her.

(Andromeda) I remember I went into the house to check on a baby...

(L) I think that was Athena, and I was pregnant with Galatea. ...

(Andromeda) That I don't remember.

(L) And another thing about it was that it was several months after a late season tropical storm in November of the previous year. Okay, what were we witnessing when we saw all those planes flying over?

**A:** Bombers flying over Europe 1943.

**Q:** (Chu) Arky's birth year.

(PoB) Were they German bombers?

**A:** Allied.

**Q:** (L) Alright, any other questions?

(Galatea) I have one more. Are the C's able to perceive cuteness? If not, that's okay. But are you? Do you see us as cute?

**A:** LOL!

**Q:** (Galatea) I was wondering because we think dogs are cute, and cats. But are we cute? Do they see cuteness?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Are we a little bit cute?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) So we're like little dogs to them. (laughter)

(Perceval) Oh, one peed on the carpet! Isn't that cute! (laughter)

(L) Okay, I think we're ready to shut down unless there's something we need to talk about.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

The geomagnetic storm referenced above occurred on 9 March 1989.

From Wikipedia, [March 1989 geomagnetic storm](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/March_1989_geomagnetic_storm):

> The March 1989 geomagnetic storm was a severe geomagnetic storm that caused the collapse of Hydro-Québec's electricity transmission system. It occurred during solar cycle 22.
>
> The geomagnetic storm causing this event was itself the result of a coronal mass ejection on  March 9, 1989  .[1] A few days before, on March 6, a very large X15-class solar flare also occurred.[2] Three and a half days later, at 2:44 am EST on March 13, a severe geomagnetic storm struck Earth.[3][4]
>
> The storm began on Earth with extremely intense auroras at the poles.  The aurora could be seen as far south as Texas and Florida.  [5] As this occurred during the Cold War, an unknown number of people worried that a nuclear first-strike might be in progress.[5] Others considered the intense auroras to be associated with the Space Shuttle mission STS-29, which had been launched on March 13 at 9:57:00 AM.[6] The burst caused short-wave radio interference, including the disruption of radio signals from Radio Free Europe into Russia. It was initially believed that the signals had been jammed by the Soviet government.
> 
> As midnight came and went, a river of charged particles and electrons in the ionosphere flowed from west to east,  inducing powerful electrical currents in the ground that surged into many natural nooks and crannies.  [5]
>
> Some satellites in polar orbits lost control for several hours. GOES weather satellite communications were interrupted, causing weather images to be lost. NASA's TDRS-1 communication satellite recorded over 250 anomalies caused by the increased particles flowing into its sensitive electronics.[5] The Space Shuttle Discovery was having its own problems: a sensor on one of the tanks supplying hydrogen to a fuel cell was showing unusually high pressure readings on March 13. The problem went away after the solar storm subsided.

The storm referenced above, from Wikipedia, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1988\_Atlantic\_hurricane\_season:

> The last storm of the [1988] season formed from a tropical wave on November 17 to the south of Haiti. It moved westward through the Caribbean Sea and became organized enough to attain tropical storm status on November 20. Keith rapidly organized and peaked with winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) before making landfall on the northeastern portion of the Yucatán Peninsula on November 21. …
>
> Keith, the last of four named tropical cyclones to hit the United States during the season,  produced moderate rainfall, a rough storm surge, and gusty winds across central Florida.  [4] Overall damage was widespread but fairly minor, totaling about $7.3 million (1988 USD, $12.7 million 2007 USD).[70][72] Damage near the coast occurred mainly from storm surge and beach erosion, while damage further inland was limited to flooding and downed trees and power lines. No fatalities were reported.[70]

Regarding allied bombing of Europe during WW II, excerpts from Wikipedia, [Strategic bombing during World War II](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategic_bombing_during_World_War_II):

> Strategic bombing during World War II was the sustained aerial attack on railways, harbors, cities, workers' housing, and industrial districts in enemy territory during World War II.
>
> Strategic bombing often involved bombing areas inhabited by civilians and sometimes bombing campaigns were deliberately designed to target civilian populations in order to terrorize, disorganize, and disrupt their usual activities. International law at the outset of World War II did not specifically forbid aerial bombardment of cities ...
>
> Strategic bombing during World War II began on 1 September 1939 when Germany invaded Poland and the Luftwaffe (German air force) began bombing cities and the civilian population in Poland in an indiscriminate aerial bombardment campaign.[15]  As the war continued to expand, bombing by both the Axis and the Allies increased significantly.  The  RAF flew its first strategic bombing raid on Germany at Mönchengladbach on 11 May 1940  and in September 1940, the Luftwaffe began targeting British cities in 'The Blitz'.[16] From 1942 onward, the British bombing campaign against Germany became less restrictive and increasingly targeted industrial sites and eventually, civilian areas.[17][18]  When the United States began flying bombing missions against Germany, it reinforced these efforts and controversial firebombings were carried out against Hamburg (1943), Dresden (1945), and other German cities.[19]
>
> ...
>
> At this stage of the air war,  the most effective and disruptive examples of area bombing were the "thousand-bomber raids".  Bomber Command was able by organization and drafting in as many aircraft as possible to assemble very large forces which could then attack a single area, overwhelming the defences.  The aircraft would be staggered so that they would arrive over the target in succession: the new technique of the "bomber stream".
>
> On 30 May 1942, between 0047 and 0225 hours, in Operation Millennium 1,046 bombers dropped over 2,000 tons of high explosive and incendiaries on the medieval town of Cologne,  and the resulting fires burned it from end to end. The damage inflicted was extensive. The fires could be seen 600 miles away at an altitude of 20,000 feet. Some 3,300 houses were destroyed, and 10,000 were damaged. 12,000 separate fires raged destroying 36 factories, damaging 270 more, and leaving 45,000 people with nowhere to live or to work. Only 384 civilians and 85 soldiers were killed, but thousands evacuated the city. Bomber Command lost 40 bombers.
>
> Two further thousand-bomber raids were conducted over Essen and Bremen, but neither so utterly shook both sides as the scale of the destruction at Cologne and Hamburg.  The effects of the massive raids using a combination of blockbuster bombs (to blow off roofs) and incendiaries (to start fires in the exposed buildings) created firestorms in some cities. The most extreme examples of which were caused by  Operation Gomorrah  , the attack on Hamburg, (45,000 dead), attack on Kassel (10,000 dead), the attack on Darmstadt (12,500 dead), the attack on Pforzheim (21,200 dead), the attack on Swinemuende (23,000 dead) and the attack on Dresden (25,000 dead).
>
> In January 1943, at the Casablanca Conference, it was agreed RAF Bomber Command operations against Germany would be reinforced by the USAAF in a Combined Operations Offensive plan called Operation Pointblank. Chief of the British Air Staff MRAF Sir Charles Portal was put in charge of the "strategic direction" of both British and American bomber operations. The text of the Casablanca directive read: "Your primary object will be the progressive destruction and dislocation of the German military, industrial, and economic system and the undermining of the morale of the German people to a point where their capacity for armed resistance is fatally weakened.",[157]  At the beginning of the combined strategic bombing offensive on 4 March 1943, 669 RAF and 303 USAAF heavy bombers were available.

The "Barfly" story mentioned is in session 14 October 1995

> **A:** Suggest more questions about the goings on at underground facilities. Jan and Terry were visitors involuntary when went to Albuquerque and Las Vegas!
>
> **Q:** (J) Oh, really! (T) Read it back, I lost it after visitors. (L) You were in an underground base? (T) We were in a front door of an underground base. We were in Carlsbad Caverns, and I know that there's a government facility at the other end of it, and they won't talk about it. (J) Is that what they mean? (T) You're talking about Carlsbad?
>
> **A:** Abducted.
>
> **Q:** (T): When we were in Albuquerque?
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** (J) And Las Vegas? (T) When we were in Las Vegas, also?
>
> **A:** Met alien there.
>
> **Q:** (L) Oh, you met an alien when you were in Las Vegas! (J) Does that have anything to do with the fact that the pictures didn't come out from our wedding?
>
> **A:** Barfly.
>
> **Q:** (T): Ohhhhh... (J) I know exactly what you are talking about.
>
> **A:** Disguised humanoid gray species four. Rigelian. Orion union STS.
>
> **Q:** (T) Why did he talk to us? Why did he approach us? I know exactly...
>
> **A:** Spying on you and aural frequency reading, had you not been as strong, would have suffered permanent abduction because of your studies
>
> **Q:** (L) Now, right there is a point. Everybody take note of this. What is there about strength that makes one inaccessible to permanent abduction?
>
> **A:** Strength is of character, i.e. if STO candidate, not likely to be victim.
>
> **Q:** (L) Not likely to be victim... OK, but what.. (T) STO candidate... (L) I know, but that's... it says when... well, what is it that makes a person... We know that it means being an STO candidate, but what is the thing inside one that stops them... I mean, is this something that is a core ingredient of certain human beings? Is this like something inside them that blocks this manipulation and victimization?
>
> **A:** Soul pattern.
>
> **Q:** (L) So in other words, there is something about us, or within us, that literally they cannot touch or harm, is that correct?
>
> **A:** Basically, but difficult to facilitate.
>
> **Q:** (L) OK, in other words, this is something that is in us, that creates an inherent barrier, but not necessarily something that we can, at this level of density, reach in, grab out as a weapon, and wave around, as in facilitate?
>
> **A:** Can, but intricate to do consciously.
>
> **Q:** (L) Is this some quality or ability that we can work at? I don't think meditation is the answer, this is something that I've come to think... Is this a state of focused awareness, whole body awareness, internal and external, basically whole body awareness... (J) Going with instinct...
>
> **A:** Helpful.
>
> **Q:** (L) Is there something we can do to develop this to the highest degree possible, while in these bodies, in this density?
>
> **A:** Wait for 4.
>
> **Q:** (L) Wait for 4? 4th density?
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** (T) We can't develop it ourselves, but if we... (J) We can start the process... (T) It's a case of not developing it, it's a case of that, if you can do it, it does it all by itself, you don't think about it... (L) It's an innate thing... (T) It's a do, it's an involuntary, it's there, it works when it needs to work. Is this the idea?
>
> **A:** Network western experiences for learning purposes please. Knowledge is protection.
>
> [Briefly, Terry related the story where he and Jan met the barfly at Vegas World, after having gone downtown to get their marriage license. They had taken a taxi to City Hall, and foolishly decided to walk back to the Strip, in 116 degree weather. They made it as far south as Vegas World, and stopped at the bar inside to cool off. Jan was close to heat prostration, and the barmaid gave her glasses of iced water and an iced towel to put on her neck. They were getting ready to go back out and hail a cab back to Bally's, when they were approached by the "Barfly," who started asking all sorts of personal questions, and seemed to be acting drunk when he wasn't really intoxicated. He became belligerent when Terry refused to show him his Florida drivers license, but switched to disorientation when Terry made the statement "We don't have a problem, here, do we?! Everything's cool, everything's OK! I'll buy you a beer?" While staring the guy down and putting the force of his personality behind the question/statement.]
>
> **Q:** (T) Before we get too far into this, I want to ask them where we were taken. Because after that, as far as I know, nothing else happened. We just went on about our business, and we didn't see him again... (L) In this story that Terry has just recounted, what instant represents the turning point of resistance?
>
> **A:** The statement.
>
> **Q:** (L) What statement? (T) "We don't have a problem, here, do we?! Everything's cool, everything's OK! I'll buy you a beer?"
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** (T): Because that's when he got confused... (J) You totally nullified the... (SV) Yeah, from the glaring and staring at each other... (T) He was escalating this to a point, and I don't know, it just came to me that the best way to do this was to just stop it right there...
>
> **A:** Grays and their associates are thrown off by energy flow diversions or thought pattern interruptions.
>
> **Q:** (SV) That's exactly what they said in Matrix I! (T) Another thing that comes to mind while I'm thinking about it, before it turned ugly, he was leading up to going someplace. (J) Very vaguely, but yes. (T) He was leading up toward, "We ought to get together and go someplace." I think that's when I really shut the whole thing off.

