## March 21, 2015
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Data, Chu, Scottie, Perceval

**Q:** (L) This is the 21st of March, 2015. We have to get Ark down here again one of these days and have another chat with Caesar.

(Andromeda) Yeah, that was kinda fun.

(Chu) With Paul?

(Galatea) With Bruce Lee!

(L) Is anybody out there?

**A:** Glad ceiling

**Q:** (L) What does "glad ceiling" mean?

**A:** Joining from above

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Neeileigl of Cassiopaea. Keep faith with each other.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What does "keep faith with each other" mean?

**A:** We notice that there are members of your forum who are not doing this.

**Q:** (L) In what respect?

**A:** Covertly antagonistic.

**Q:** (L) So there are people who are covertly antagonistic. Why are they covertly antagonistic?

**A:** Little respect.

**Q:** (L) So they have little respect.

(Chu) I'm assuming that means for you or us?

(L) In other words, they don't have respect for the group?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Us particularly?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Anything more than that?

**A:** You especially.

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Inspired by negative discarnate entities with connections to 4D STS "handlers".

**Q:** (Andromeda) Are these people a danger?

**A:** They are looking for opportunities to manipulate weaker members away.

**Q:** (L) So, what is it that makes somebody weak?

**A:** Mostly ego.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Anything we should be doing about this?

**A:** Just be aware. Members should also be aware and alert to invitations.

**Q:** (L) Invitations? What kind of invitations?

**A:** To express dissatisfaction when feeling disaffected due to lack of faith in the process.

**Q:** (L) Well, I think everybody gets into a period where they feel a lack of faith. Sometimes it's just a chemical feeling, like when you're depressed and everything is black, nothing will ever be nice again, your life is crappy, and that sort of thing. So I think that anybody can be vulnerable to that.

**A:** Yes. It needs to be aired out.

**Q:** (L) So, if people would just talk about it, that would help?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright then. Thanks for the advice for the group. Do we have any other questions?

(Galatea) I sort of have one. You know the story of Woolpit? The green children who showed up one day?

(L) Oh yeah, I know.

(Galatea) Apparently, there were similar stories all over Europe. First of all, were there actually green children who appeared? Is that story true?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Can you get us closer?

(Galatea) It's close to true that green children appeared?

**A:** Yes

(Galatea) So they did appear somewhere.

(L) There were some children who appeared who were unusual in some way.

(Galatea) Were they green?

**A:** Not exactly. More gray.

**Q:** (Galatea) And what country did they appear in?

(L) Doesn't the story say?

(Galatea) It says in many different countries. Is it the same story spread all over the place, or did they appear in just one country?

**A:** Several, and, yes they were a real phenomenon related to alien interactions with population explained by percipients as "green children."

**Q:** (L) So they were having alien interactions with something probably like little gray men and they called them green children when they were actually gray. It was happened in a lot of places, so the stories were probably spreading like wildfire. That's my take on it. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So they weren't really green children. They were gray aliens.

(Chu) I was wanting to ask if Chavez really died of a natural cause?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Chu) Did he have induced cancer?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I think we could have figured that one out. What about that lists of questions that somebody posted on the forum? Do we want to ask any of those? Are they questions for the C's, or are they stuff people can figure out?

[Perceval goes to print out the questions]

(Galatea) Please hold!

(L) It's terrible to live in a world with no more mysteries. Well, there ARE mysteries, but...

(Andromeda) Usually not anything we can't figure out ourselves. Hmm, while we're waiting: Do you have any other advice for us?

**A:** How good are you at skiing?

**Q:** (Data) I'm good at skiing! (laughter)

(L) What kind of question is that?

**A:** You may need such skills soon.

**Q:** (L) What's that supposed to mean?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (L) [Reads questions from the forum - [https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,37680.msg562330.html#msg562330](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php/topic,37680.msg562330.html#msg562330)] "Some scientific theory states that quasars are black holes, is this correct?"

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) "If not, what really are the quasars, these celestial objects which are a fraction of a galaxy but shine more than a whole galaxy and run at speeds near the light velocity at the confines of the visible universe?"

**A:** Transdensity portals of energy.

**Q:** (L) "A theory states that the universe is built of distinct layers like an onion. Thus the visible universe in which we are is just a layer of the universe where our current technology doesn't allow seeing other layers. These layers eventually can come closer to each other as result of the gravitational force interacting between them, which today is interpreted by the scientists as the "dark energy". Therefore according to this theory the dark energy is just the conventional gravitational force exerted by the distant layers of the universe. Is this "Onion universe" theory correct or at least partially correct?"

**A:** Partially, think "densities".

**Q:** (L) "As we measure time what is the age of the universe where we live?" I think we asked this question once before.

**A:** No answer to that question as time cannot be measured that way.

**Q:** (L) "Presuming that the universe in spite of its infinitude somehow is cyclic, how much is the average duration of a whole cycle as we measure time?"

**A:** SPA.

**Q:** (L) See previous answer... Many of these questions are covered in the sessions and in The Wave. Apparently this person writing the questions has read neither the sessions nor The Wave.

(Perceval) Yup. As usual.

(L) If this person would just read the material that's already been produced, they wouldn't be asking many of these questions.

(Data) I have one question. It might be silly, but I'm gonna ask it anyway. Has it ever happened since the invention of mobile phones that a text message has been sent from the spirit world to a person?

**A:** Many times! Entities love tech!

**Q:** (L) [Reads another forum question] "Why is it apparently so common to have sleep paralysis and nightmares when sleeping on the back than in other positions?"

**A:** Not correct.

**Q:** (L) Why is it not correct?

**A:** Being on your back when you awaken from such experiences does not mean you have been that way throughout sleep.

**Q:** (L) "Does the dream catcher used by Native Americans work?"

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) AWW!!

(Perceval) When they said that entities love tech, is that why they said in a previous session that Wi-Fi is evil? Can these entities in some way influence the feelings of people in a house by these waves?

**A:** Related, certainly. Such energies can be drawn upon by all sorts of "critters" in your environment.

**Q:** (L) Here are some more questions: "The Black Eyed Kids (BECs) entities seem to have in their agenda to obtain the permission by their human victims to gain access to them. Is this assumption correct?"

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) "If yes, then the BECs, said to be window fallers, do they use this access to steal energy from humans for trying to return to their realm of origin?"

**A:** No, they need energy to stay in your realm.

**Q:** (L) Well, let me ask... Is it possible that this rash of Black-Eyed Children and other strange entity-related phenomena is a side effect or a result of having so much technology around?

**A:** Now you have opened a real can of worms!

**Q:** (L) So, basically by having so much technology, microwaves, and all that kind of stuff, we're basically feeding entities in other realms and enabling them to enter ours?

**A:** Pretty much! Fun for materialists galore!

**Q:** (L) In other words, people who believe only in technology are in for a big surprise?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's interesting.

(Perceval) Is it because those kinds of microwaves and other kinds of waves transcend, or are perceived in other dimensions?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) Well, geez! Apple takes on a whole new meaning now!

(Data) Poor Apple users.

(Scottie) That answers my question from before: Why did technology evolve the way that it did? Like why electronics, microchips, and so on when there are other types of technology that could have developed. They had to make the soup!

(Galatea) I have a question. Is having three people at the board beneficial?

**A:** Yes. More practice will be good!

**Q:** (Perceval) Possibility of Being's Polish friend Anya, who we met in Barcelona, she had a 10-year-old German Shepherd that got sick very quickly and died within 4 days. She was giving it IV vitamin C, and it was helping, but then it just died. She was wondering if she did anything wrong, or if it was poisoned or something.

**A:** Not poison. Organ failure.

**Q:** (L) Yeah. A 10-year-old German Shepherd … That's about how long they live.

(Galatea) Can I ask the C's a question about the C's?

(L) Sure.

(Galatea) When you speak, it's translated on the board. But do you speak a specific language or something, or do your words come out as energy? How do you really "speak"?

**A:** Telepathically is closest to your understanding.

**Q:** (L) When you're a light being, you don't have a voice box.

(Galatea) Yeah, I was just wondering because you said what they say gets translated onto the board. So I was wondering if they use their own words in their own language, or some wordless thing.

(L) Yeah, telepathy, or conceptual or something like that...

(Galatea) Anybody have any other questions?

(L) Oh, I do want to ask about this Grail Keeper on the forum. I just got really done in by his ceaseless round and round monologue. I would like to know if this person is an agent? Or, if he's not an agent, what's going on with him?

**A:** Not an agent, merely mentally disordered.

**Q:** (Chu) That's what we thought.

(L) Yeah, what about this "contact" he thinks he has? This Gabriel or whatever...

(Chu) The Nordic.

**A:** A "legend in his mind".

**Q:** (Perceval) In the last session, they talked about an upcoming economic collapse. The collapse is being done deliberately, but is it also a last-ditch effort by to prevent a new system under the direction of Russia and BRICS?

**A:** Attempt to impose the NWO as we have previously stated.

**Q:** (Perceval) It's just interesting that it's happening at a time when there's an opposition that they don't seem to be able to do anything about other than collapse the whole world.

(L) I think they were planning and working towards the collapse anyway. Everything was geared towards that. I think that Putin has shown up doing what he's doing only like in the last year. They already had the machine in motion for the collapse. So, they can't take their chips out of the pile now. They're stuck, and he's calling their cards.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, any last wrap-up stuff?

**A:** Love to group! We are becoming tuned to them.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean that you're being tuned to the group?

**A:** They are rising in frequency.

**Q:** (L) What do you mean? Specific people, or the whole group?

**A:** Many. And those who have faith in the process will rise with them.

**Q:** (L) In other words, even if certain individuals are not yet "there", the fact that they're connected with the group and doing the best that they can, they will brought along anyway?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's a very helpful thing to know. Well, I'm tired. How about you?

(Galatea) I could keep going all night.

(L) Do you have more questions?

(Galatea) Well, no...

(L) Well, that's the problem! Nobody has any questions. (laughter) Okay, we'll say goodnight.

**A:** Next time! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

