## April 16, 2016
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Data, Ark, Possibility of Being, Oxajil, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, Luna (the furry one, not the celestial body)

**Q:** (L) Today is the 16th of April, 2016. 16-4-16.

**A:** Hello children! Niodllaea of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) So, Ark has a first question about the headaches he gets in the mornings. He thinks it has something to do with energy, but he wakes up with these headaches. I occasionally wake up with them also. What is the cause of the headaches?

**A:** Buildup of EM energies in concert with Earth changes.

**Q:** (L) So how can one best deal with them?

**A:** Discharge them.

**Q:** (L) And how does one discharge them?

**A:** Wire mesh under mattress connected to ground.

**Q:** (Pierre) There are devices like that, actually. People put this chicken wire under their mattress, attach it to a wire, and the wire is connected to ground.

(Ark) Any particular form of the mesh? I mean, like rectangles, triangles, spiral?

**A:** Square and small mesh.

**Q:** (Scottie) There's that fencing material where each square is 1cm by 1cm.

(Pierre) I'm gonna get some. It's galvanized, so it won't rust.

(Ark) Ground to what? Like radiator, or what?

(Scottie) Or just hook it up to the ground prong in an outlet. [radiators and metal piping here are actually not effectively grounded]

(Ark) Would the electrical ground work?

**A:** Yes, very well in fact.

**Q:** (Ark) What kind of wire?

**A:** Conductive.

**Q:** (Ark) It doesn't matter? It can be aluminum or copper?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) It just has to be conductive.

(Galatea) Does the same thing apply to why people get migraines?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Galatea) Why do people get migraines?

**A:** Defect in brain signaling.

**Q:** (L) Okay, next question?

(Galatea) Do the Cs suffer?

**A:** Not as you understand it, but in empathy only.

**Q:** (L) I think I remember ya'll saying that when we suffer, you suffer. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Why have we all been so exhausted lately? And not just us, but people all over the world?

**A:** Earth changes bring many changes to humans that are energetic.

**Q:** (Pierre) In the forum, several members reported that they've been dropping and breaking things in an unusual way. Is the cause the same?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) What does the dropping of things symbolize?

**A:** Doesn't "symbolize". It is a symptom.

**Q:** (Galatea) Is it gonna get better soon, or is it just going to get worse?

**A:** You must pass through the "Valley of the Shadow."

**Q:** (Pierre) That sounds like an exciting place. (laughter)

(L) I guess if you pass through the Valley of the Shadow, you eventually come out into the sunshine.

(Galatea) Or there's a cliff...

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) They were answering me, not you! (laughter)

**A:** No cliff except for those who don't enter the valley.

**Q:** (Joe) The Valley of the Shadow is like a bypass for the cliff.

(L) So it's like the difference between the high road and the low road?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) In the Missing 411 book, before people vanish do they see people that they know? As in: Do their abductors shape-shift into people they know?

**A:** Not usually, no.

**Q:** (Galatea) One kid said he was abducted by his aunt even though she wasn't there with him.

(L) So it can happen, but not usually. Maybe the strong-willed ones have to be lured in some way.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is garlic really bad for people who got "garlic bad for them" on the food sensitivity test?

**A:** Yes. Its benefits are greatly overrated.

**Q:** (L) It's good, but its benefits are overrated.

(Andromeda) And it may not be for everybody if they react to it.

(L) What about the Gurdjieff question?

(Galatea) Oh yeah!

(L) The question asked on the forum: If Gurdjieff was so advanced, how could it be that he was so inattentive that he got into a car accident?

**A:** He wasn't "so inattentive". He was aware. It was at the point he became fully cognizant of the forces which he had hitherto considered less capable than they actually were.

**Q:** (L) In other words, he knew more or less what kind of forces there were, but he miscalculated in assessing their capabilities. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And after that, he made a lot of changes. I felt like there was something else to it.

(Ark) I don't understand. You drive a car, right? And you hit a tree. That means you are thinking about something else. He was not concentrating.

(Pierre) Not necessarily, Ark. You can hit a car...

**A:** Due to energetic draining via associates.

**Q:** (L) So if they can't get a person directly, they can get to them through people close to them.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) It's still not clear. If you have an accident because someone hits you, alright. Something worked on this someone, this someone else was a tool. But you go on an empty road, you and only you are responsible for what you are doing. And then, at certain point, you decide to hit the tree. It means that you are not yourself. You are a tool.

(Pierre) Maybe he didn't decide to hit the tree.

(Data) There was a car coming out.

(Ark) No, there was nothing. At that time?

(Joe) Very few cars on the road.

(Pierre) Maybe we could ask.

(Data) It was an intersection, and the car came out of the intersection.

(Ark) No, that would be a completely new theory.

(Pierre) What caused the accident then? Did he fall asleep?

(Ark) He hit the tree! Like this guy who crashed and died in front of our house.

(Pierre) But in that case, there was this energetic distortion: negative energy hitting the "protective bubble".

(Ark) Maybe he was drunk?

(L) Was he drunk?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Was there anything mechanically wrong with the car?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) He asked somebody to check the car beforehand.

(L) Was it the mechanical thing that caused the accident?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Alright.

(Pierre) And actually, maybe this mechanical defect was caused by this energetic thing that was going on.

(L) Associates... Whoever worked on the car. Was it somebody who worked on the car who was acted on?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) So you had this guy doing mechanics who was messed up by higher STS forces, and he forgot to tighten a screw or something. He asked his car to be checked before. So now the question is: Did the mechanic do it intentionally, or was he just distracted and made a mistake?

**A:** Neither.

**Q:** (L) He didn't do it deliberately, and he wasn't distracted...

(Galatea) He was possessed!

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Pierre) An entity controlled the guy and pushed him to create a fault.

**A:** The very fact that the car was recently checked should raise suspicions rather than be used as evidence of mechanical correctness.

**Q:** (Ark) I want to make it clear what was Gurdjieff's fault? Was he driving unnecessarily fast?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Ark) What could he have done better than he did?

**A:** In this case, not much other than be his own mechanic.

**Q:** (L) In a sense, no matter how careful and aware you are in this world, there's a certain vulnerability that's inherent in having to rely on other people in various ways.

(Pierre) Because you're not alone. You don't perform every task yourself. You depend on others. You depend on others' awareness or susceptibility to be misguided.

(L) Think about the time that I was in the car going to pick Galatea up and the wheel nearly fell off. We had just had the car at the mechanic's a few days before and had two new tires put on and the wheels rotated. And they had supposedly used an air impact wrench to tighten all the bolts. Even if they left only one not tightened, it would have been fine. But every single nut was loose on that wheel. One was completely missing, and the rest were nearly at the end of the threads.

(Pierre) And like the C's said, it's not like because your car goes to the garage that it will be pristine. On the contrary, here is where mistakes will be made.

(L) Especially if you're a target.

(Pierre) There are mechanical defects where you can't do anything. If in a curve your steering wheel breaks, you have no control whatsoever. The only solution is to jump.

(Ark) There was this comment about energetic draining by associates. Who was the energetic drain? Gurdjieff was energetically drained, right? So in fact, he could do something by paying attention before not to let himself be so energetically drained.

(Joe) He could have prevented it by being all-knowing and perfect.

(L) And he just simply wasn't all-knowing and perfect, and that's why he was still on this planet. Otherwise, he would have disappeared in a flash of light.

(Pierre) But here what he could have done is realized a channel of attack could be other people. And he would have checked what the mechanic did. But this assumes he had both the awareness and the mechanical knowledge to detect the fault - if it's detectable!

(L) Okay, next? Oh! We want to ask about water. Is the best way to charge your water to put these coded messages on your water like they're talking about in these experiments?

**A:** Not necessary, that is for experimental double blind purposes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so getting these codes and doing that isn't necessary for imprinting your water. We already established talking to your water is a good thing. What about singing to your water?

**A:** Indeed, but be careful of the melody and the lyrics!

**Q:** (Galatea) So, what melodies would be best to use?

(L) You want to know specific melodies?

(Galatea) Well, you can just give us one...

**A:** It differs in individual cases and purposes.

**Q:** (Joe) Would a guide basically be if a song...

**A:** An optimal way to charge water is via charging a crystal and putting it in the water.

**Q:** (Galatea) Do different types of crystals produce stronger or weaker effects?

**A:** We have talked about crystal selection previously.

**Q:** (L) They did? When?

(Pierre) Years ago you were asking.

(L) Can somebody find it?

[Break while Pierre searches transcripts...]

(L) No, that's not it. There was something else. Pierre couldn't find it.

(Ark) There was nothing except this...

**A:** We suggested that linkage between group members might be enhanced by utilizing crystals charged by you here.

**Q:** (Chu) That was around the EE time.

(L) I remember something vaguely about that.

(Joe) That we can charge crystals and send them to group members.

(L) So why couldn't Pierre find it?

(Pierre) Because I looked in the old transcripts, from 1994 to 2002 or 2003.

(Joe) You want me to find it?

(L) Yeah, find it for me please. It must have been around 2009 or 2010.

[Break while Joe searches transcripts...]

(L) Yes… this is it:

> From Session April 1st 2007
>
> [http://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php?topic=18669.msg176501#msg176501](http://cassiopaea.org/forum/index.php?topic=18669.msg176501#msg176501)
>
> **Q:** (L) [...] We wonder if there is any way to... you know, any object that could be charged with a particular energy and if there was such an object how to charge it with that energy to either protect or enhance a person's FRV... frequency resonance vibration. Is there? You know, that you could wear on your body?
>
> **A:** Sort of. Crystals are a good choice. But they must be selected individually for each person by dowsing. Then a combination of sunlight, starlight and intent. No moonlight!
>
> **Q:** (L) How would you select a crystal for each person by dowsing?
>
> **A:** Obtain large selection. If you, Laura, select, you will be assisted!!
>
> **Q:** (L) Okay, and what exactly is this process supposed to do?
>
> **A:** Shores up defenses when individual is in weakened condition, and adds a little kick when not weak.
>
> **Q:** (L) Defenses against what?
>
> **A:** Anything that can negatively affect the "essence".
>
> **Q:** (L) Essence as in Gurdjieff essence I guess...
>
> **A:** Yes.
>
> **Q:** (L) Alright then... and then you're supposed to wear these on your body?
>
> **A:** Yes or carry in pocket.
>
> **Q:** (L) And you say, charge with intent. Does that have to be charged by the individual or by me or... can the person charge their crystal individually, themselves, or what?
>
> **A:** You select, individual charges according to instructions.
>
> **Q:** (L) What instructions?
>
> **A:** Each one requires specific instructions.
>
> **Q:** (L) Well, that's a lot of hassle. *sigh* I mean, you have to select it and then once you've got it then I gotta... then I have to have a session to find out exactly the instructions for charging that persons personal crystal! Good grief.

(Ark) You are supposed to carry them, right? Why don't you put them under the pillow?

(L) Okay, well, let's back up here. If somebody sends a request for a crystal, I could dowse for it so to speak, select the right crystal for that person, and have a selection of options for how to charge it and send them the instructions with it? Or I would charge it, too?

**A:** Both

**Q:** (L) So, I would charge these crystals, and then the individual would also need to add their own intent on top of the charging. That would enhance the networked protection between people. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And the same thing can be used for crystals to put in your water that you drink?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And how long would you need to leave it in your water before you drink it?

**A:** Overnight.

**Q:** (L) Can also put such crystals like under your pillow?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) And the more crystals, the more protection?

**A:** If appropriately charged.

**Q:** (L) Well obviously, we would have to purchase a selection of crystals, assuming anybody wanted them. Then we'd have the postage and the time element and everything. Basically, it would take time for me to perform this service. Could Andromeda and Galatea help?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, we could do some crystal charging if we have a big batch of nice ones – assuming we can even find a source for a reasonable cost. When people send a request, we can select and then charge it up. Is that what we're talking about here? And then people can carry them around and put them in their water?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Ark) I have a practical question. Is big quartz crystal better than small one?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) That will be expensive.

(L) So, you'd have a little one for your water, a little one for carrying in your pocket, and a larger one for your room, by your bed. Something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) And a giant one for the house!

(Pierre) At this point, you better go to the Alps and visit some quarries and get them by yourself.

(Chu) You'd have to know the person to charge them with the right message, right? A random person couldn't be asking for a crystal.

**A:** They should include their birth date and current location for the CRS to find them.

**Q:** (L) For the what?

(Scottie) "for the crstofindthem"...

**A:** Cosmic Retrieval System

**Q:** (Pierre) They're using acronyms now! (laughter)

(L) Don't you know what the Cosmic Retrieval System is?! (laughter)

**A:** We use it all the time. It's like RAM in a computer.

**Q:** (Pierre) What is it? The crystal will be like an interface between the person and the information field...?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Pierre) It enhances this connection.

(L) So. Well, all of that's very interesting.

(Galatea) Could we place crystals around our house, like one at each corner? Would that help increase the protection?

**A:** Not enough! Need intent of inhabitants!

**Q:** (L) If we put our intent in the crystals, and then plant them around the corners of the house...

(Galatea) Or the corners of the yard maybe.

(L) Would it help?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Once you've put your intent in a crystal, the intent stays forever, or you will have to "reintentize" them?

**A:** Until cleared.

**Q:** (L) They already told us how to clear crystals. I guess it would fade eventually.

(Galatea) If we placed crystals at each corner of the house, would we be able to bury them in the ground?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) So then they won't be exposed to moonlight.

(L) Or sunlight.

(Joe) One last question: In a previous session, it was said that Caesar was born 1,635 years ago. How many years ago did the comet fragment meteorite impact occur in Western Europe that ushered in the Dark Ages?

**A:** Around 1100 AD

**Q:** (Pierre) They said "AD", not "years ago".

**A:** Check tree ring data for signal.

**Q:** (Joe) The problem is... Baillie has it at 540 or 550, but that's using the messed up... Anyway, doesn't matter.

(L) Doesn't he say that one of the strongest signals is the 1100, and yet in our historical records, there's supposedly nothing at that time? The historical record is off. But them counting years backwards, it's 1100.

(Joe) Right, that's the problem. I just wanted to try to correlate it because they said Caesar was born 1,635 years ago from now.

(Pierre) If we follow those two figures, that means about 400 AD. If they say this end of the Western Empire was 1100 AD, uh...

(Andromeda) 600 years later.

(Pierre) So it's 1100 - 400. It would be around 700. We were thinking 540.

(L) Okay, so...

(Pierre) One last question: about the frozen mammoths. During the last session, we suggested that the cause of the flash-frozen mammoths was a Super Derecho like a giant thunderstorm that deflected the jet stream down towards the Earth's surface, and that's what flash-froze the mammoths. You said, "Close enough." So that's not exactly what happened. What are we missing here?

**A:** Impact sending enormous stream of heat and matter upward, creating a vacuum, followed by induction of super cooled air.

**Q:** (L) Well, the problem is that the mammoths were frozen in Siberia but not in the Northern part of the Western hemisphere, currently called North America, which is where there are the signs of the impact. If the impact occurred in North America, why are the mammoths that are frozen by this shooting up and falling down of hot air followed by cold air in Siberia and not in North America?

**A:** It was in the entire Northern Hemisphere, but the shift of the axis and lithosphere gave each area a different outcome over time.

**Q:** (Pierre) That makes sense. So, they all got flash-frozen, but the hit also shifted the geographic pole and brought Siberia to higher latitudes. So, they stayed frozen there, but the flash-frozen animals in Northern America ended up in lower latitudes away from the poles, and they defrosted.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Defrosted in time for dinner! (laughter)

(Galatea) Can you also charge semi-precious stones?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Like jade?

(L) So you can charge your jewelry?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Does each stone have a specific strength, or can it be charged with whatever you want?

**A:** Give it time to learn!

**Q:** (Galatea) Give the semi-precious stone time to learn?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Meaning?

**A:** Wear it.

**Q:** (Galatea) Wear it and let it get used to you. I guess it takes awhile.

(Joe) What about gold?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) All metals pretty much?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) So bling is good!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (laughter) (L) You can go out loaded for bear.

(Data) One more question: On March 17th, two amateur astronomers had their cameras on Jupiter, and both of them saw a flash in Jupiter's atmosphere. What was it?

**A:** Comet fragment. A lot of that lately!

**Q:** (Data) If they can say, how big was it in meters?

**A:** 4000

**Q:** (Pierre) 4km diameter! Oh, they just used the Cosmic Retrieval System to answer this question.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) That's pretty handy.

**A:** Information field access.

**Q:** (L) Okay, are we done?

(Galatea) Do you want to tell us anything before you go?

**A:** Help and love is on the way! Goodbye.

**Q:** (Scottie) So, it's gonna be an asteroid shaped like a heart and glowing fiery red. (laughter)

END OF SESSION

