## October 15, 2016
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Data, Scottie, Timótheos, Alana, Niall, Arky, Possibility of Being, Prodigal Son, Fabric, Gaby, Itellsya, Windmill knight, Odyssey, Nancy2feathers, Beau

**Q:** (L) What's the date?

(Galatea) The 15th of October, 2016.

(L) Galatea just said the date, so I don't need to repeat it. [Review of those present] Here we go... Is anybody there?

**A:** Greetings to all from Flimminiaea of Cassiopaea!!!

**Q:** (L) I guess we might as well just get to the questions. The first thing that I think is on everybody's mind here is that we just recently had a very sad event. Timótheos and Alana's new puppy passed over in a dramatic fashion. Let me put my glasses on. How can the C's see without my glasses? I would like to know if this was just a pure freak accident? I guess that's the first question.

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Was it symbolic?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Okay then. I guess... What was behind this event?

**A:** We have noted in the "past" that in these times that 2D creatures would become more susceptible to entity attachment. Now, in this case there was a severe mismatch of energy profiles, thus leaving the pup in a vulnerable state.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you say a mismatch of energy profiles left the pup vulnerable. Does that mean that if there were matching energy profiles that pups or dogs or 2D creatures or pets in general are not susceptible?

**A:** In general, yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, if energy profiles of pets and people are matched, it's protective for both, perhaps?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It's harmonious. In this case...

(Andromeda) There was a mismatch of some sort, and that left him vulnerable to entity attachment. Is that what they said?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, so how does one tell? I mean...

**A:** Timótheos has made much progress and no longer matches the profile of the type of canine.

**Q:** (L) There's more to this than meets the eye...

**A:** Yes. There is also location energy profile.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying sort of that maybe the location is also... I don't understand.

(Pierre) I think they might be saying that the puppy's energy profile didn't match Timótheos's energy profile because Timótheos has evolved and it's not matching Pepe-like profiles. In addition, the puppy's energy profile didn't match the location energy profile. So there was a double mismatch.

**A:** Partly but even more is the location and its blending with the 3D profile.

**Q:** (L) So the location added to Timótheos - and I'm assuming Alana also?

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (L) So Alana's profile has modulated Timótheos's profile, and the location has modulated both their energy profiles so that now there's a mismatch. Is that what we're getting at?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) And that made the pup susceptible to an entity that just jumped in and jumped him in front of a car? Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Was there any negative intention there?

**A:** Yes, partly.

**Q:** (L) Was that negative intention to cause them upset?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And basically cause chaos in their environment?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Alana) I don't understand what this mismatch of the energy means.

(Joe) It doesn't seem that this was what you were saying, but is there something bad about the location energy profile?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Andromeda) I think it's just different.

(Joe) Basically what you were saying... Does it come down to basically the type of dog that was the problem? There's nothing wrong with Timótheos or Alana, nothing wrong with the house, nothing wrong with the location. It was the dog that was the mismatch with all that good stuff.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) The dog was basically like a wayward kind of hound dog who was not very well-bred. Basically you're all living in a very well bred part of France, and you've become very well bred, but then you get kind of a mangy half-breed dog...

(L) He wasn't mangy! He was CUTE!!! JOE!!

(Joe) I'm not saying he was mangy or bad. I'm saying compared to you guys making progress, and it's a nice part of France...

(L) I don't think it has anything to do with niceness or not niceness. I think it has to do with something else. Am I right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What does it have to do with?

**A:** Purpose!

**Q:** (L) I don't understand.

(Alana) Me neither.

(Chu) Whose purpose?

(Data) Was the purpose of getting a new dog to "bring back" Pepe?

(Andromeda) I think it's the energetic purpose. The dog was more of a hunting dog type, too energetic in a certain way, maybe requiring a certain type of attention that's not necessarily the right thing for you guys.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, basically what you're saying is that people need to... How do you find out what kind of dog you're supposed to have??

**A:** Think!

**Q:** (Niall) How did you work out what kind of breed to get?

(L) Well, I'm not even sure that my dog fits my profile! (laughter) We haven't asked that yet. Do our dogs fit our profile?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Our dogs are all neurotic, just like us! (laughter)

(Alana) The first few days we had him with us, both of us said at some point, "We're taking him back."

(L) Oh you did?

(Alana) Yes, we did.

$1 But I ended up getting really attached to him. I really liked him in the end.

(Alana) And then slowly, slowly, we adapted to him, he adapted to us... Probably we adapted more to him. He had a strong personality and stuff. And we ended up like spending a lot of time interacting with him.

(Galatea) Was it in this dog's fate to die sooner rather than later?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) When I said "mangy", what I kind of meant was genetics. He was a crossbreed.

(L) Okay, we just made the joking remark that our dogs are kind of neurotic, and so are we. How do people pick... Should people pick dogs that are like themselves?

**A:** Sometimes...

**Q:** (L) Okay, should they pick dogs that are complementary - that is, kind of like the opposite of them sometimes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Why don't we just ask what was the problem with...

(L) Okay, what was the specific mismatch?

**A:** The pup needed what Timótheos and Alana could not give especially long term.

**Q:** (L) And what was that? What was it they couldn't give?

**A:** Strong dominance and massive energy.

**Q:** (L) That comes down to what we were talking about last week where kawika and Awapuhi and their dog are concerned.

(Joe) Was there a connection between the events here and what we were talking about concerning kawika and Awapuhi's dog?

(L) Yeah, because that seemed kind of odd.

(Joe) It was right around the same time.

**A:** Very similar, but not directly.

**Q:** (L) So... I'm just gonna ask... No I'm not.

(Galatea) You can't just leave us with a cliffhanger like that...

(L) I think the perfect dog for Timótheos and Alana is a Bichon Frise. Am I right? (laughter)

**A:** Or poodle.

**Q:** (laughter) (Galatea) It would be so cute! And you can get her coiffed!

$1 Sew little dresses for her... (laughter)

(Joe) Well, ya know, a French poodle, and you're in France.

(Andromeda) They're very smart.

(L) Standard poodles are the second smartest dog, ya know?

(Andromeda) And they don't shed, either.

(L) They're hypoallergenic. But I think a standard poodle has way too much energy. I think you should get one of those little Bichon Frise.

(Galatea) She wants a Bichon Frise! (laughter)

(L) They look like little teddy bears.

(Alana) So, we're never gonna have a dog again.

(Galatea) Let Alana decide.

(L) Okay, so moving on to the kawika and Awapuhi situation: when they came to the community in North Carolina, they brought their old dog and a rather fresh young dog. I knew from the beginning about the old dog, but I didn't know about their acquisition of this young dog. I thought it was a little bit odd for them to acquire a second young dog just before they move in with the community. I was a little bit startled about that. But anyhow, they all talked about it and decided it was okay. So they bring the dog, and the dog then turns out to be a real disaster for everybody in a certain sense because it makes a lot of people in the house unhappy. It's noisy, it's high-energy. It's half Catahoula and half Rottweiler. Okay, a Rottweiler is bred to be a cow dog. Catahoulas, they're like hog-hunting dogs. We're talking about...

(Andromeda) A mix between a herding dog and a hunting dog.

(L) And we're talking about an aggressive herding dog, because they herd cows, not sheep. Anyway, it's a rather unpleasant situation. So, we told them the dog had to go. The end result was of course that kawika and Awapuhi think that they ought to go because they don't fit. That's fine. Bringing the dog was just a bad idea. In a sense... And this comes back to my favorite theory: When you get a mutt, one in a hundred or thousand or more can turn out to be the most outstanding dog in the world. The stories you hear about mutts that are outstanding dogs are legion. Nearly always these heroic dogs are mutts. Stories, right? But the truth is that's only like 1 out of 1,000, or 1 out of 10,000. There are lots of mutts, and very few of them are ever heroic. And then most of the problem dogs that you read stories about, attacking, biting, and so on are half-breeds, not Heinz 57 generic mutts. Heinz 57, there's some chance of leveling the genes. But half-breeds, you're playing genetic roulette. Are you gonna get the worst part of each of the two parents? Is the best part of one parent gonna cancel out the worst part of the other? It's just really iffy. So, am I right about this?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, of course I am. And of course you'd agree with me since you're me in the future, right? (laughter)

(Galatea) But they didn't agree on the Bichon...

(L) What do you mean they didn't agree?! They said, "OR"! (laughter)

$1 What about a Jack Russell Terrier? How does that fit in there?

**A:** Closer.

**Q:** $1 Maybe a smaller dog...

(L) A Bichon is very small. (laughter) I just thought I would tell you that, just in case... And you know they don't shed?

(Alana) So, the thing is that we shouldn't get a big dog?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Bigger dogs mean more dominance.

(Alana) What about cats? Is Miss Pearls gonna die because she's a mismatch?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) I don't think Miss Pearls is mismatched. She's a fantastic cat.

(Chu) Did you want to ask something about kawika and Awapuhi?

(Beau) I was curious if asking them to get rid of their dog was their reason why they said they were going to leave, or part of the reason?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** [Pierre brings picture of white fluffy adorable Bichon Frise] (L) OH IT'S SO CUTE! OH MY GOD!! (laughter)

(Galatea) He's so tiny!

$1 I'm gonna name him Snowball! (laughter)

(L) Are you gonna follow up on that issue, Beau?

(Beau) Well, I was told they'd be willing to get rid of the dog. And now it's the reason that they want to leave...

**A:** Bravado to not lose face.

**Q:** (L) So they said that at the beginning because that was the face-saving thing to say.

(Beau) Impression management.

**A:** They may find themselves in a similar situation soon.

**Q:** (L) In what similar situation? Mismatch the dog and... So the dog will get an entity and do something?

**A:** Yes. But more dangerous in their case.

**Q:** (Beau) Why?

**A:** Dog is strong in physical and instincts.

**Q:** (Niall) The dog might attack someone.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That's entirely possible. In fact, I think that's what we see a lot in those stories we put on SOTT. All these different dogs that are attacking people. They get entities… attachments. And something is making them more susceptible.

(Galatea) Or animals in zoos that turn on their caretakers.

**A:** Yes. We warned of this.

**Q:** (L) So if you're gonna have a dog, it's best to have one that has instincts that are very strongly pro-human to begin with in order to put a layer of protection between you and the possibility of an entity attack through an animal?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) And this dog is SUPER pro-human.

(L) What?

(Scottie) I was just putting in a good word to Timótheos for the Bichon Frise... because it's so cute.

$1 He says "Human Lives Matter". He's part of the movement.

(Pierre) Well, and even if he wants to kill someone, it will take a long time... (laughter)

(L) Any other questions?

(Prodigal Son) What sort of dog for the Farm?

(L) Just wait a minute...

(Galatea) She's got one in mind. Another Bichon! (laughter)

(Niall) You need to do the fence first.

(Beau) I have a question that will kind of change direction a little. I just want to know who's behind the Podesta e-mail leaks that are making Hillary Clinton look very bad?

**A:** Clinton insider.

**Q:** (Pierre) An insider who doesn't agree with Clinton and wants to bring her down?

(Galatea) Like a spy?

(Beau) Not Russia?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Niall) There's trouble in paradise.

(L) Definitely.

(Pierre) You see the way she behaves with her staff, so I'm not surprised someone's trying to bring her down. She drove one to suicide and another almost to suicide.

(Niall) It might be... Is it revenge for the way in which she got the Democratic nomination?

**A:** Revenge for personal slights.

**Q:** (L) Who in her insider group DOESN'T hate her?

**A:** Few.

**Q:** (L) Well.

(Beau) What's wrong with her? What is her illness?

**A:** Dementia.

**Q:** (Joe) We're assuming that her people know that she has dementia. Insiders know, people running her campaign, the Democratic party, etc. They're assuming that she's going to be okay to be president with dementia?

**A:** No. Part of reason to bring her down.

**Q:** (L) Well, she spent so much money on the campaign and cover-ups, and if she gets brought down now she won't have any friends left. She'll just slide into poverty or something. Nobody will be wanting to buy her influence anymore because she won't have any and that was their main cash cow: influence peddling.

(Joe) Someone wants to bring her down after she becomes president?

**A:** Before!

**Q:** (Joe) Well, they better hurry up! Three weeks to go.

(Pierre) Well, they just need a big scandal.

(L) All they need to do is get enough people upset, and Trump will get the presidency.

(Joe) The media is totally anti-Trump right now.

(L) Doesn't matter. The people hate Trump less than Hillary.

(Joe) That's what we don't know. Right now, what are the odds that Trump will actually win?

**A:** Good.

**Q:** (Pierre) All the non-rigged polls seem to give Trump as the leader. So they don't have to do anything if they don't want Clinton to win.

(L) I would imagine that Trump, if he were to get it, he's in for his own set of surprises...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Questions?

(Pierre) I have one question. We've been reviewing some material relative to our past interactions with the French authorities. We noticed a lot of similarities in the way the Prefecture, the local police, the Toulouse police, the Toulouse tax authorities, the Moissac tax authorities, and the banks were all behaving with us. First question: Is there any coordination between those entities?

**A:** Covert and of the backroom type.

**Q:** (L) So there would never be anything traceable.

(Pierre) Yes, a kind of clandestine group or individual. Can they tell us more about this individual or group? Their nature? Their purpose?

**A:** Pedophiles.

**Q:** (Pierre) So, all this crapstorm was triggered by Laura's attempt to expose what was going on in Gers at the time? In her "French Connection" series?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (Pierre) What else?

(Joe) Is it because of AB?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) You remember when I did that exposé on G\_ P\_ and the pedophiles that were involved in that? That's when we started getting threats, the fence was cut, the lug nuts were loosened on the car, and the guy was following me around taking my picture at the market? Is that all related to it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) They said partly the reason. What other reasons are involved?

**A:** That's enough!

**Q:** (Pierre) Okay.

(Chu) So it might not have been so random, the fact that {police captain} contacted J\_. Somebody put her on to that.

(L) Yeah, it was an interesting contact. In fact, they almost gave themselves away by doing that. {All the documentation has been handed over to our US attorneys for safekeeping.}

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) Out of all the people she could have contacted, she decides to contact someone from your past that is already involved in a court case and who actually lost. It doesn't make sense that she contacts him unless somebody told her.

(L) Somebody told her to get J\_ in there even though he was condemned to pay us damages for defamation. And there is not a single word in there about that case.

(Pierre) {Police captain} and {Fisc Auditor}, are they unconscious, or are they consciously pulling strings in this pedophile business?

**A:** They are manipulated willingly.

**Q:** (L) In other words, they're manipulated, but because they have their own agenda... They want their own little power plays. They want kudos. They wanna get patted on the back by the authorities above them and either don't know, or don't care, that they are acting in service to some very evil people.

(Joe) That's the way it works. Somebody comes around and says, "Listen, I want you to really get these people."

(L) Yeah, "Yes, sir! I'm on it!"

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) You know, in Toulouse about 15 years ago, people were on the verge of exposing in the media a massive pedophile ring involving high authorities including the mayor...

**A:** Related.

**Q:** (L) Because that was the one that I was exposing in The French Connection in relation to J\_ and the Gers.

(Pierre) And it was going high. You had the State Prosecutor, a minister involved... It was high level.

(Chu) But you stopped doing that so long ago.

(L) Yeah, I took that series down to protect the group and said okay, I'll be a good girl. But they won't leave me alone. {Which is why all the documents are now in the hands of our attorneys in the US.}

(Pierre) But they know she's a threat. Any time, she can spill the beans.

(Scottie) Well, that can also be useful if they know that you know.

(Pierre) Yes, but they are big.

(Scottie) This is true. But they obviously can't just off her, or they'd have done it already.

(Fabric) What happened when I heard somebody call my name twice when I woke up? It wasn't anybody in the house.

(L) When was that?

(Fabric) About three weeks ago.

**A:** Expanding awareness.

**Q:** (Galatea) So that was his higher self in a sense?

(L) Well, I dunno... Was it his higher self?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) So expanding awareness is like walking between two worlds, being aware of alternate realities or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) So he heard a voice in an alternative reality?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Bleedthrough.

(L) Thank god it wasn't chupacabras. And the night that I thought that my dog jumped up on my bed, was that Sebastian?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And what was he doing?

**A:** Protecting from ethereal stalkers.

**Q:** (L) And how come there were ethereal stalkers? Was that because of the energy around at the time?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, there was something like you described before - an energy mismatch - and it opened a door to something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Hmm. Is it possible, as we have speculated, that tattoos can anchor attachments?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Data) What caused the damage to our people gate out front?

**A:** Entity acting through those unaware.

**Q:** (Joe) When they said that an entity was acting through those who were unaware, does that mean...

(L) One of us?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Somebody was unaware of what they were doing because they were being influenced.

**Q:** (L) Alright. That's enough. I'm tired. Any more questions? Quick?

(Gaby) I have one question. I wanted to know if I go to Russia, can I have a suggestion of a region?

(L) Where do you want to go?

(Gaby) Well, I was thinking about Siberia.

(L) What's in Siberia?

(Gaby) The southern border of Siberia.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I think it'll be warmer during the Ice Age.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (laughter) (L) It is, it's true! Parts of Siberia were warmer during the Ice Age. It wasn't all covered with ice.

(Pierre) What destroyed the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket when it was about to launch several weeks ago?

(Joe) Yeah, it's about to launch, and these 2 black dots zoom by the camera just before the rocket explodes on the launch pad. And Elon Musk was "confused" about it. One of the things they're looking into is that there's a competitor rocket launching company about a mile away that has a direct line of sight to the rocket.

**A:** Sabotage.

**Q:** (Joe) By a competitor. So what was this little black thing that flew by at literally 2000 miles per hour?

**A:** Drone type

**Q:** (L) Anybody got any more questions?

(Beau) Can I ask about this property next door to us? Is it a good idea to acquire it?

**A:** Work on it!!!

**Q:** (Galatea) What was the howling Scottie and I heard?

(L) You heard howling? Where?

(Galatea) The howling outside. Remember I told you about it?

(L) Oh yeah. Scottie heard it?

(Possibility of Being) I heard it the other night. It started with barking, and then changed to howling.

(Galatea) That wasn't what we heard.

(Scottie) I only heard howling.

(Galatea) So what caused the howling?

**A:** Small mothman type creature.

**Q:** (Galatea) A baby mothman! (laughter)

(Data) It's so cute!!

(Scottie) So when I decided NOT to go outside and investigate with a flashlight, that was probably the right decision.

(Galatea) I wanted to go out and look, but I was like, "Nooo..."

(L) So it's in the trees, not on the ground?

(Galatea) That scratching noise I heard?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) It was scratching with its claws on the tree?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Were they long and talon-like?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) OH MY GOD!! (laughter)

Q (Andromeda) Did it have red eyes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Is it still there?

**A:** No. Intermittent.

**Q:** (Joe) Where did you hear it?

(Galatea) On that big tree outside the upstairs girls' bathroom window.

(Scottie) No, no, what I heard was outside the white bathroom window, and the far side of the house.

(Galatea) Was there more than one, or just one?

**A:** One.

**Q:** (L) And what has attracted this thing to our location?

(Galatea) OH MY GOD!

**A:** Just passing "through".

**Q:** (L) Just passing through densities, I imagine.

(Galatea) Do we want to ask what's been getting into people to make them want to turn into killer clowns? What's going on with them?

**A:** Attachments and mind programming.

**Q:** (L) There are shooters that are programmed, and clowns as well, and copycats, just to cause havoc and chaos?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What do they call that, MK Ultra? Is that what it is?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's all the news I can stand.

(Galatea) It's a good Halloween session.

$1 And there's a full moon tonight.

(L) Alright, we're still working on our crystals at periodic intervals whenever my leg is ready. We want to thank you for that kind of assistance. I also want to ask: Is my knee going to get better?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What is causing all this misery?

**A:** You know!

**Q:** (L) Yes, I know. The Cipro.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But I will eventually detox it out?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Is the cold therapy the best option?

**A:** Helps.

**Q:** (Gaby) Russian banya.

(L) Yeah, is it true...

(Pierre) They say NO! It's very bad! (laughter)

(L) You said it was only partly the cold therapy. What is the other part?

**A:** Sauna

**Q:** [Everyone starts speaking the letters as they come] (Pierre) Apart from the sauna and the cold therapy, is there anything else that we can do to accelerate the healing process?

(Chu) Yeah, build a sauna faster!

**A:** Peace!

**Q:** (L) I need peace. Okay, there was something else I wanted to ask about real quick... Oh yeah! I've been having these really bizarre experiences when I'm going through the old transcripts. {Preparing annotated versions} All of a sudden, everything becomes really clear. Are the insights that I'm getting as I'm going through these transcripts to annotate them and include all this stuff, are they leading me in the right direction? Is it finally that I'm solving these puzzles that have been hanging over my head for 20 years now?

**A:** About time!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) But I wouldn't have been able to solve them then because all the pieces weren't in place yet!

**A:** Indeed! That is why it is about time!

**Q:** (L) So it's about time. The right time.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Speaking of which, I've been having this sense of time fluidity for the past few weeks. Memories pop up for no reason, or at least they don't seem to be for any reason, old dreams and stuff... Is that related, or is it something else?

**A:** Working through the cycles.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What does that mean?

**A:** Time, past lives, trauma etc.

**Q:** (Andromeda) There's a particular dream that I remember that seems to be associated with the present where somebody dies. Is that to do with past lives, or anything in the present?

**A:** New beginnings are usually signaled this way.

**Q:** (Galatea) Is that the same for my feeling of looming death that I've been sensing the past several months?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That's been my experience. Every time I've dreamed about people dying or stuff like that - with the exception of Sandra - it's like things have changed dramatically. It's weird.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It'll be interesting to see what it'll do {meaning the reality}.

(Galatea) They're good beginnings, I hope?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) YAY! Some happiness for a change.

(L) Alright, I guess we can say goodnight. Anybody got anything they're just DYING to ask?

(Joe) Speak now, or forever hold your peace.

(Windmill knight) Is the situation in Syria going to escalate to a third world war as some people think?

**A:** No. But there may be a terrorist dirty nuke or two!

**Q:** (L) And when you say, "terrorist", we assume that that should be in quotes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Beau) If Trump is elected, will he actually change American foreign policy?

**A:** Will try.

**Q:** (Pierre) Doesn't mean he will succeed.

(Joe) If you try...

(Pierre) That's better than...

**A:** Too many variables.

**Q:** (L) So, too many variables to make a call on that.

(Beau) Yeah.

(L) Okay, I don't want to ask any more political questions, I'm tired, so we're gonna say goodnight. If there's anything we should have asked, but didn't ask, consider it asked.

(Galatea) Any comments?

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

