## August 14, 2016
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Possibility of Being, Arky, Data, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) This is Sunday, the 14th of August 2016. The usual crew is here. Here we are, and we say hello.

**A:** Jemxmakanbnz of Cassiopaea giving greetings.

**Q:** (L) Well, that was the strangest name I've ever seen. That it is such a very strange name provokes me to inquire about it. What is the reason for it?

**A:** Energetic profile of higher density attracted by the elevated discussion.

**Q:** (L) You mean our discussion in the kitchen earlier took us to a different level?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And we are in a realm of almost complete abstraction, and therefore we have a name that is completely abstract and unpronounceable? (laughter)

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I see. Well, maybe we should begin with some of the questions that are from that abstract level since that's where we are. In the course of my recent research, I keep going deeper and deeper and further back following one thread after another. While I have touched on the topic of Zoroastrianism in the past, I had never gone into it as deeply as I recently decided to do. As a consequence, I ended up reading several scholarly tomes on the topic. It seems there are two schools. One school thinks that Zoroaster was a fairly late phenomenon, probably 7th century BC. The other school relies on the linguistics - the philology I guess they'd call it - and they claim that the language of Zoroaster must date back to the second millennium BC - that is, somewhere between 1600 and 1200 BC. That would put Zoroaster in the timeframe of, say, Akhenaten. In brief, Zoroaster claimed to have had a vision, or so the story goes, that revealed to him the One God, Ahura Mazda, and he promoted a religion of almost pure monotheism as well as being more or less the originator of the idea that human beings have the free will to choose good or evil. He also was the first to come up with ideas of messianism, eschatology. It was an apocalyptic religion in the sense of being revealed, but also that there were to be revelations about the end of time - time of course being a very important concept in his religion as it developed. So, I guess the first question I want to know is: Is there any possibility that Akhenaten was influenced by Zoroastrianism? Is that a possibility?

**A:** Not just a possibility, but a certainty.

**Q:** (L) If that's the case, how was that possible?

**A:** The ancient world was quite "well connected".

**Q:** (L) Okay... Can you get me any closer to a clue here?

**A:** Check the Hurrian connection.

**Q:** (L) I thought I had checked that pretty deeply. I guess I could read some more. Now, there are those who say that Zurvanism was an attempt to deal with some of the dangling problems that Zoroaster left in terms of his dualism. One of his hymns describes Ahura Mazda and Ahriman as twins, so, they came up with Zurvanism, the ultimate god of space/time as father to the twins to explain this. Is that in fact the case?

**A:** No. Zurvan was the ancient god of the steppes and the Indo-Aryan peoples.

**Q:** (L) Okay, I've got a paper here... It seems that Zurvan was perceived as the god of infinite time and space, and was described as, "One Alone, a transcendental neutral god, and without passion. One for whom there was no distinction between good and evil. So, Zurvan had a varied history... So, the problem I want to get to right now is the idea that Zurvan was represented as the lion-headed god. There was a lion man figure found in Hohlenstein-Stadel, which is a German cave. It's carved out of ivory, and it's THE oldest known zoomorphic animal sculpture in the world, and the oldest known uncontested example of figurative art. It has been determined to be about - ready? 40,000 years old!! That was by carbon dating the material which was in the same layer where the figure was found. It was associated with the Aurignacian culture and it was 29cm in height, carved out of mammoth ivory using a flint stone knife. Seven parallel, transverse, carved gouges are on the left arm. The figure of Zurvan is often represented with a serpent coiled around him seven times. It is said that the sculpture shares certain similarities with French cave wall paintings which also show hybrid creatures. The Lion man is several thousand years older. Anyhow, this artifact seems to resemble very closely the lion man figure that was described as being the representation of Zurvan. So, I guess my question is: Are we talking about the same religion or religious ideas or perceptions that were common to the cultures that produced the cave art in Western Europe?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And they came up with these ideas of infinite time and space that far back?

**A:** And so much more. They were "connected".

**Q:** (L) So in other words, what we are looking at here through a probably distorted survival via Zoroaster or Zarathushtra is that the Aryan religion was based first of all on a supreme principle of infinite time and infinite space from which was born essentially "good mind" and "evil mind" as Zoroaster put it?

**A:** Yes. STO and STS duality.

**Q:** (L) And this same religion, either in its older form or its later elaboration by Zarathushtra, was the origin of the ideas of free will?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Of savior gods?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) The Six Bounteous Immortals, or I guess what we could say archetypes or sixth density?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Basically, it almost seemed as though it was a religion about information. Everything emerges from information, but there are some other very particular things about it that are very advanced. They were talking about things that physicists talk about nowadays.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It also seems to be the closest religious exposition of anything that I've come across to what we have received via these transmissions.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I'm just saying "close", because obviously there are some distortions and so forth. So did Zarathushtra modify this original religion because he had a vision, or...?

**A:** The ideas had already been corrupted, and Zarathushtra sought to recover the truth.

**Q:** (L) So it had already been corrupted, and he was trying to bring it back in line. He got close, but didn't quite make it. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And what had it been corrupted to?

**A:** The Indian Vedas will give clues.

**Q:** (L) Maybe he wasn't wrong when he said that the daevas were demons. Were the daevas like STS beings?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Were they like 4th density STS?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well... I guess that tells me what I wanted to know on that topic. I'll keep digging. Now, change of topic: we just had a recent event with some guests. I'm not going to go into detail here, I'll write a chronology of it for the FOTCM members forum. Anyhow, these four ladies were here. Initially, we had the impression that something was seriously wrong, but it was really hard to tell who was doing what. It took a little application of some scratch tests and various other things to get any idea of what was going on. My question is: I'm not sure who was manipulating whom. Was Aequinox manipulating Anya, or was it vice versa?

**A:** Mutual but {Aequinox} thought she was the one in charge.

**Q:** (L) Are we talking about real pathology here, or just souls in struggle?

**A:** Genetic on Anya's side but programmed on {Aequinox's} part.

**Q:** (L) When you say, "programmed", what do you mean by that?

**A:** Lobaczewski's "characteropathy".

**Q:** (L) So in other words, just read the book "Character Disturbance" by George Simon, and that'll get us close to what her problems are?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But it seems to me that she's more like a wolf in sheep's clothing.

**A:** Indeed.

**Q:** (L) And Anya is just freakin' crazy in my opinion.

**A:** Not just opinion!!

**Q:** (L) Okay. I suppose our other two ladies that were being completely bamboozled by this whole routine, Naorma and Breo, they were just like babes in the woods there! Is there anything that could be said about what would be the best attitude or path for them to take from this point on?

**A:** Realizing one's blindness and ignorance can be shattering but with the breaking of the shell of illusion and delusion, one can be born into the light!

**Q:** (L) I noticed you used the words "illusion" and "delusion". What's the difference between an illusion and a delusion, aside from our normal dictionary definitions?

**A:** Illusion is mostly self-generated; delusion is mostly induced from without.

**Q:** (L) So, if you create fantasies in your own head and believe in them, you're living in an illusion. If you're programmed to believe wrong things or induced into something by life circumstances or other people's words or actions, that would be a delusion. Well, that's a little bit different I think than the dictionary definition. It's interesting to get their view of why they use different words. Anybody else have questions?

(Galatea) I have a question. They once said that there were 2 million reanimated people living on Earth. So I was wondering if there are more nowadays?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) How many?

**A:** Not significantly more.

**Q:** (Galatea) Probably something like 2,001,000... So there aren't like a billion now.

(L) Yeah. I guess if you're reanimated, well... How many do you need?

(Galatea) Yeah.

(Pierre) Talking about reanimated people, I wanted to ask about the Hillary Clinton episode where she did that weird thing in front of the reporters.

(L) Was she having a mini-stroke of some sort?

(Pierre) What happened? What was the cause?

**A:** Brain glitch.

**Q:** (L) Cause?

**A:** Brain damage. Lying takes its toll.

**Q:** (Galatea) So basically, lying can...

(L) Destroy your brain.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) She took sick leave and supposedly had surgery on her brain.

(Galatea) Of course, I'm sure she lies a lot more than the normal person.

(L) I don't think she's capable of telling the truth. Is that true, even for like psychopathic individuals? If somebody is pathological and lying is their nature, does lying take a toll on them, too?

**A:** Indeed. It is entropic and chaotic.

**Q:** (Chu) That explains changes in some leaders like Obama and stuff.

(PoB) Soros is doing well. All the Rockefellers are doing well.

(Pierre) Kissinger.

(Scottie) I wouldn't call Kissinger, "doing well"...

(L) No. They're alive, but what's the quality of life? What is their quality of life?

**A:** Robotic and inability to experience true joy.

**Q:** (L) Okay, you say they can't experience true joy, but I'm sure they experience plenty of pleasure. Is there a difference?

**A:** Indeed. Pleasure is rooted in physiology and joy is of the soul.

**Q:** (Joe) So, would people who tell lies that they know to be lies have a worse effect than people who believe what they're saying even though it's not true?

(L) In other words, is conscious lying worse than unconscious lying?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) That's what I figured. Hillary Clinton has probably told tons of conscious lies. Other people are convinced... Like Niall was saying earlier on that Alan Foster Dulles' last words on his death bed were, "Watch out for Russia!" (laughter)

(Pierre) The boundary is not so clear, because I imagine some people might start out believing some lies, but then they get so engrossed in it that it becomes the truth for them.

(Joe) And people are programmed with lies from a very young age...

**A:** Delusions.

**Q:** (Galatea) So, let me know if I'm crazy or not, but am I able to read or feel the intentions or thoughts of others sometimes?

**A:** Very very often.

**Q:** (Galatea) What effect does this have on other people?

**A:** Light.

**Q:** (Galatea) Well then why do I react so strongly to what I read?

**A:** Emitting light.

**Q:** (Galatea) So that's why I react strongly... What does that mean?

**A:** Darkness abhors light.

**Q:** (Galatea) Oh, so when I read something it's like truth, which brings light, which fights off an illusion?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Well damn! That's a heavy burden to bear.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) What ways can I deal with it that I don't already know of?

**A:** Share.

**Q:** (Galatea) Okay. Thank you very much.

(L) Oh! There is one other question I wanted to ask. There are a number of people who have commented on crystals that have been selected for them that were flawed as they perceived it. And I would like to know why do some people get selected crystals that have these perceived flaws?

**A:** They are not "flaws". They are etched frequency modulators similar to the principle of computer chips, and thus can load and carry and transmit specific information.

**Q:** (Galatea) So basically everybody needs to stop being so shallow and superficial and love their crystal that loves them!

(L) Well, not just that, but I think they need to appreciate the fact that this is an energy-transmitting device. It's not an ornament.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) Can I ask a related question? I thought it was curious that several people reported that their crystals broke. They were kind of taking it as a bad thing, but I was wondering why their crystals broke?

**A:** Initial needed energy transmitted and signal received resulting in change of state thus response of system modulation.

**Q:** (Pierre) So the crystal adapts by breaking.

(L) It has transmitted something, there was a change of state in the individual, and the crystal then adapted to this new state?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it's not a bad sign.

**A:** No

**Q:** (Chu) So they should NOT be replaced then?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) That's why my moonstone jumped off my necklace.

(L) I see. Very interesting.

(Scottie) I think one person dropped theirs, but the others were just carrying it in their pocket or whatever, and it broke. And I was thinking that a crystal doesn't just break into pieces for nothing, right?

(L) Okay, that clears up everything that was on everybody's mind. The state of the world is still hellacious, but I'm really sick of asking about it because we know where it's going and what's happening.

(Galatea) One last question: So, when we all finally get our crystals and do our synchronized chanting or meditation, will that be able to cut off evil beaming from the evil STS people?

**A:** For some.

**Q:** (L) In other words, we can't do anything about the rest of the world, but we can do it for ourselves.

(Galatea) Is that what that means?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. I guess that's it, so we will say...

**A:** Keep the project on track. There is more to come once the receivers are ready! Help is on the way!!!!!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

