## February 27, 2016
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Data, Arky, Possibility of Being, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog

[First 10 minutes of pre-session were spent attempting to gather the proper info for questions on the Dyatlov Pass incident...]

**Q:** (L) Today's date is the 27th of February 2016. (Arielle) 27 is a 9. (L) 2016 makes 9 also.

(Galatea) And 9 people died in the Dyatlov Pass incident! 9! 9! 9!

(L) Oh my god, turn it upside down and it'll be 666!

**A:** Hello kinder! Cassiopaea is on the line! Millmnoa speaking! Dyatlov Pass is only one of many similar occurrences on your planet. The events had more to do with transdimensional transfer and time dilation than any "secret" experiments.

**Q:** (L) Time dilation... Transdimensional transfer we semi-sort of understand, but time dilation? Well, I guess in a sense we semi-sort of understand that, too. Okay, why were their tents cut from the inside as though they were escaping from there?

**A:** The portal appeared there.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Was this cutting open the tent and escaping because of a portal, was that... Obviously, that had to have happened AFTER the transdimensional transfer event if... Well, maybe I shouldn't say obviously. Let me just ask: Did that happen after they were returned from some kind of transdimensional transfer?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, the ones who died from hypothermia came back more or less alive and died from hypothermia because they cut open the tents and were crazy in getting away. But what about the others who died from serious injuries, including the one who had the tongue cut out?

**A:** They were returned later and the portal was some distance above the Earth.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So they were dropped.

(L) Okay, well, I think I read something about them being dehydrated or some physiological symptoms, their clothes being sorted out in a wrong way, and some other really bizarre things like that...

**A:** Effects of the transfer.

**Q:** (L) So, when things get transferred back and forth, things can get muddled up a little bit? I mean, it's like that movie where the girl and the guy had to go through some kind of warp portal. They had some kind of chambers where they went into suspended animation while they went through this portal in their spaceship. They were fighting bad guys on the ship and they got rid of the bad guys, but only one of the transfer devices remained. So, they got in it together. Funny thing was when they came out on the other side, the girl was pregnant because they had dissolved their atoms together in the same cylinder for this transfer process. When they came out...

(Pierre) Well, that's what they say... (laughter)

(L) Well, I know it was science fiction, but it always stuck in my mind. If you went together with somebody through some kind of thing where you come apart molecularly and then get reassembled on the other side or something, things could tend to be a little confusing if somebody is not really competent to really handle the hardware.

(Pierre) It's like the Philadelphia Experiment when some of the soldiers remolecularized inside the steel walls of the ship.

(L) Is that part of the time dilation problem?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So if something is aimed at a certain point in spacetime but the planet moves, or something moves, or something doesn't get lined up properly, all kinds of really strange things can happen.

(Joe) Was this portal opened accidentally in this area? It wasn't specifically related to these people?

**A:** It was a scouting expedition by other dimensional plant based amateurs.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying plant-based in the sense that these were creatures that were plantiferous or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Data) Why bother going through this difficulty of returning the people instead of keeping them?

**A:** They were not wanted long term. Amateurs!

**Q:** (Joe) This portal was opened up specifically to have this effect on these Russian hikers?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Accidental, then.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So, it's like, "Let's try out our transdimensional portal-opener, and see what happens!"

**A:** The location was important.

**Q:** (Joe) And the hikers just happened to be there.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) What made the location important?

**A:** Underground mineral content and structure.

**Q:** (Joe) So this was a bunch of plant-like creatures who were scouting the planet for minerals for dinner or something... Mining something...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Chu) Is that what happened to the people that PoB told us about that created a myth?

**A:** No. Myth.

**Q:** (Joe) Plant-based... What did they look like? Were they like cactus people or something?

**A:** Similar to some so-called gray aliens.

**Q:** (Joe) But they're plant-based.

(Andromeda) And they were experimenting or looking for minerals or something.

(L) Scouting.

(Andromeda) People were in the way, and they were like, "Oops! We didn't want you..."

(Joe) It's like going fishing and catching the wrong thing, then throwing it back.

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (PoB) Where was the potassium-40 from that was found on them?

**A:** Transfer process leak.

**Q:** (Joe) Like chemicals involved... like Bigfoot and sulfur.

(L) Why did that woman have her tongue taken?

**A:** Specimen.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about the woman with the brain damage but no physical trauma?

**A:** Transfer process failure. Amateurs!!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, these were beings who really didn't know how to handle the technology they were dealing with. They were playing with something they had that they really weren't competent to handle or something. And they screwed up. And how many things like that happen on our planet?

**A:** Lots.

**Q:** (Joe) It's kinda like if we want to transfer a plant. (laughter)

**A:** Just think of all the incompetent science in your realm!

**Q:** (L) In other words, some of these idiots that are setting off atomic bombs could be having similar effects or results on other individuals in other realms from their experiments?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (PoB) Were there fireballs that people said they saw in the location?

**A:** Probing portals obviously!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, sometimes some of these balls of light or fire could be like openings or portals that are probing around in our reality?

**A:** Oh indeed!

**Q:** (Galatea) Which reminds me... I see like tiny flashes of light in the dark. Is that similar?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) Well, what am I seeing?

**A:** Phosphenes in the brain.

**Q:** (Joe) Are we finished with that?

(L) You could go through every single detail, but I don't think it's worth the energy.

(Joe) Several people at the Farm said that they saw something or someone in their room at night, sometimes out of the corner of their eye. I was just wondering if there was something hanging around the Farm that's causing this?

**A:** EM "recording".

**Q:** (L) I think water does flow under the place.

(Pierre) It does.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it creates a field.

(Joe) You want to ask about Ocean on the forum who saw a cylinder-shaped UFO and two Asian-looking men? He saw this UFO about 200 feet above him. He saw two Asian men who were looking at it, and then they disappeared. You responded and said it was probably a blimp. But he said there's nothing other than government or military aircraft allowed in Oman. I was just wondering if he did actually see a cylinder-shaped craft, or was it a blimp?

**A:** Craft.

**Q:** (Joe) What about the "Asian men"? He saw two Asian men on the ground looking at it. Then he drove on, and then went back and they were gone.

**A:** Part of the "away team".

**Q:** (Joe) He was totally cool about it. If I'd seen a giant cylindrical craft 200 feet above my head, I'd be a little alarmed.

(Galatea) Can I ask a question? Did you guys read that article about that couple who claims they invited black-eyed kids into their house? Is that true?

**A:** Hoax.

**Q:** (Galatea) I knew it!

(Ark) What was the meaning of my dream of the elevator going through the roof?

**A:** Your ideas are soon going to soar beyond normal limits and widen. Reflection of consciousness.

**Q:** (Galatea) What about my dream about flying into outer space? What was the symbolic meaning of that?

**A:** Similar. After a rough adjustment period, the adequate intake of iodine should act similarly on all.

**Q:** (Joe) Should I start taking iodine again?

**A:** Carefully, yes.

**Q:** (Niall) Slowly, slowly. One drop.

(Joe) One drop?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Maybe one drop every other day for a while.

(Andromeda) Yeah, I would say so. See how it does.

(L) You may even want to try putting it on your skin. Alright Pierre, it's your turn.

(Pierre) In the previous session, you said that El Niño is powered by some cosmic energy. What's the source of this cosmic energy? Is it the superbright supernova?

(L) Is that the whole context?

(Pierre) Yeah.

(L) Where did they say it was powered by cosmic energy?

(Pierre) In a previous session.

(L) What was the question?

(Pierre) They say that energy from cosmic origin was the cause of El Niño through those pillars at 18 degrees latitude.

**A:** It is usually powered by the sun in its interaction with its companion. You should be able to figure this out! You tend toward a bit of OCD obsessiveness!

**Q:** (Andromeda) No!!

(L) Pierre? No! (laughter) Next question?

(Pierre) Well, I wanted to ask about this inversion that we talked about previously. My theory is that what caused the frozen mammoths and what may cause the sudden drop in temperature was some kind of Super Derecho: basically, the jet stream being deviated towards the surface of the Earth. Does it make any sense?

(L) What?

(Andromeda) You're asking if the sudden drop of temperature is because the jet stream drops towards the Earth?

(Pierre) Yeah.

(L) That it suddenly goes lower. It gets pushed down.

(Pierre) Well...

**A:** That is very close!

**Q:** (Pierre) Uh, okay. This cosmic energy coming from the sun and its interaction with its companion powers El Niño. But I guess El Niño is not the only effect of these surges...

**A:** Remember that the center of a sphere is a window!

**Q:** (Pierre) Yeah, I remember that.

**A:** Portal too!

**Q:** (L) So the energy that powers El Niño could come from within the Earth in a sense as coming through a portal to another dimension?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Or density or something.

(Joe) It's one of the effects of the Wave, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is the Wave going to come upon us from within our own planet?

**A:** Partly already showing signs and symptoms!

**Q:** (L) Okay, anybody?

(Joe) The crash of the Polish government plane in 2010 in Smolensk had most of the Polish government at the time onboard, and they all died. Was it a result of pilot error?

**A:** Arrogance.

**Q:** (L) Pilot arrogance?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Do we want to ask any questions about our heavy metal tests?

(Galatea) Oh, yeah! How did Athena and I get uranium?!

**A:** Good question!

**Q:** (Galatea) Yeah! I know!! (laughter)

(PoB) And what is the answer?

**A:** Had to do with exposure as children when together.

**Q:** (L) So did you two ever go anywhere off by yourselves where other people weren't?

(Joe) Like into a nuclear power plant? (laughter)

(Galatea) Hmm.

**A:** Alley.

**Q:** (Galatea) So, maybe there was something in the alley...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Maybe it was something that somebody put out in their trash.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So there were nefarious things being put out in the trash in the alley?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Andromeda and Chu and I had high levels of strontium which is supposedly a beneficial one. Um, well... Almost everybody had high levels of nickel. Is that from smoking?

**A:** No. Car exhaust and industrial chemicals not from cooking pots!

**Q:** (Joe) Do we get any negative metals like cadmium or cesium from smoking?

**A:** Some but those are generally easily detoxed.

**Q:** (L) So probably the most evil chemicals that people get in their bodies come from exhaust from vehicles, cleaning products, and industrial chemicals?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Joe's cleaning all the time!

(Pierre) Industrial chemicals can also mean chemicals released from plants.

(L) Yeah, it can be floating in the air, it can be what we clean with, what's on the furniture, etc.

(Galatea) Chemicals from the farmer's fields behind us...

(L) What about the arsenic? Who had all had arsenic?

(Andromeda) Me and Timótheos were high. Where did that arsenic come from?

**A:** Timótheos: job. Andromeda: products used.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Arsenic in products.

(L) Maybe we should look up and see what they put arsenic in.

(Joe) They said it comes from beauty products, and...

**A:** Whitener for some feminine products.

**Q:** (Andromeda) They were trying to be discrete! (laughter)

(Pierre) They put toxins in that?! That's evil...

(Joe) The whole world's evil the way they make stuff.

(L) Well, at least it's not in the Leonidas! (laughter)

(Joe) Oh yeah?

(L) Anybody else have any questions?

(Pierre) This portal thing in the center of the planet... Actually, we think that the planet and the ionosphere acts as a spherical capacitor. It keeps discharging, but it's never depleted. Is it through this portal connection that the planet replenishes itself with electric charge?

**A:** Partly

**Q:** (L) I would say probably as much as... I dunno. I would tend to say yes. Why did you say partly?

**A:** Remember the companion.

**Q:** (L) So it's gotta be something like an electric motor.

(Joe) Are we gonna see the companion?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Are these guys ever gonna get the trees cut down on this place so that I can get the new trees planted so that they have time to grow before I die? (laughter)

(Joe) Yes

(L) I mean, I am so urgently anxious to get all this planting done so that I can SEE it!

(Joe) YES.

(Pierre) Major yes.

(Joe) No, no! Wait and see! No dice! Can I ask if the cilantro tincture is good for heavy metal detox?

**A:** Helpful to the body's own detox system, but for serious mechanical action more is needed.

**Q:** (Joe) Like DMSA.

(L) Yeah. So basically that just helps your body, but your body does it very slowly if it's already overwhelmed, I think.

(Ark) I have a quick question. Would taking cold showers in the morning be beneficial for my sneezing?

**A:** Why not a dip in the pool?

**Q:** (Scottie) Arky, it will make you sneeze MORE momentarily, and then it will stop. That's what happens to me, more or less. Only lasts about five minutes.

(Arky) Alright.

(L) Can anybody think of anything else? Oh, what's gonna happen with this cease-fire that's supposed to be going on in Syria?

**A:** USA will encourage covert breaking and attempt to blame Russia.

**Q:** (Joe) They're really desperate.

(Pierre) That's why Kerry said he had a Plan B, and then the USA said the world is keeping a close eye on Russia.

**A:** Russia may have an even closer eye.

**Q:** (PoB) Did Russia really threaten Turkey with tactical nuclear weapons?

(Arky) Who says so?

**A:** No. They don't have to threaten.

**Q:** (Joe) They don't need to threaten. The implied threat is there because they have them.

(L) Well, Edgar Cayce said that World War III would start in the Middle East or thereabouts and that Syria and Turkey and all this was involved. I don't remember the exact details of what was said. But it really looks like they're gonna try to push it to that direction.

**A:** Or other "world" events may intervene.

**Q:** (L) Such as comets or weather or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) How many strands of DNA do you have?

(L) Who?

(Joe) You.

(L) Me personally? I dunno.

**A:** 32

**Q:** (Niall) No way!

(Pierre) Wow. That's a lot.

(Arielle) How many do I have?

**A:** 26

**Q:** (Joe) How many does Andromeda have?

(Pierre) Normally you only have 2, right?

**A:** 30

**Q:** (L) I think you're talking in strange terms. You can't apply "strands" to the scientific definition. If you want to ask questions about it, get all the info about it.

(Joe) Well, years ago they talked about you building your 4th, 5th, and 6th strands in 1994.

(L) Yes. And I'm tired.

**A:** "Strands" means one thing to you and something else in cosmo-spiritual terms.

**Q:** (Galatea) How many does Joe have?

**A:** 28

**Q:** (L) What is the sort of semi-normal for... I don't want to say that.

(Pierre) What's the average?

(L) The average person?

**A:** 17

**Q:** (Joe) So it's nothing to do with actual DNA strands in physical terms.

(L) Right. I want to say goodnight. If there is anything we haven't asked that we should have asked or anything we should know that we didn't ask about or don't have the sense to ask about, could you kinda tell us?

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

