## July 16, 2016
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Possibility of Being, Chu, Data, Scottie, Niall, Arky, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) Today is July 16, 2016, 22 years to the day since the first communication from the C's. So, it's an auspicious day. That was the day when the first pieces of comet Shoemaker-Levy impacted Jupiter - almost at the same time. It's interesting considering some of the main interests of the C's are those kinds of impacts and their potential for damaging the planet. Oh, let me put my glasses on. The C's need to see! So... hello.

**A:** Hello. Allinmea of Cassiopaea!

**Q:** (Galatea) Happy Anniversary!!!

**A:** It gives us great joy to be with you!

**Q:** (L) Well, one thing I can say is that we never thought we would still be doing this after 22 years!

**A:** We told you about things in your future then and said that it was not imminent then. Much has happened since then. It is the time of changes now. Please revisit those sessions.

**Q:** (Data) What is imminent now when they refer to global events?

**A:** Open your eyes and compare to sessions!

**Q:** (L) I guess pretty much most of the stuff they were predicting then is happening now. And you've already said that we're in the middle of the arrival of the Wave, and it's having all these weird effects on everything and everybody. That reminds me... We've been in a very strange period. In fact, we've been in a very strange period I guess since we went to Prague with the whole Vinnie episode. After we went to Prague, that's when all of a sudden Vladimir Putin stood up on the world stage and said, "I am Putin, hear me roar!" The whole reality really began to change in a strange way. So... I dunno exactly what I want to ask. It just seems like since we went to Prague, it's been like CRAZY energy here: up and down, in and out, all around and about.

(Pierre) Something I was wondering is that in Prague, apparently there was all this energy stored to be used against us. But it couldn't be used against us, so it was released all over the world and triggered all these crazy events. And today, from what I see, we're in a similar situation where there's a lot of crazy events in the outside world, and it's kind of mirrored in our community and our world. It was mentioned by some members the kind of analogy between the truck and shooting in Nice, and we had our own truck/chute incident...

**A:** Such energies stalk like hungry wolves looking for a way in.

**Q:** (Pierre) And they found a way in.

(L) Okay, what is our particular weakness?

**A:** Those who live in dreams give off the STS signature and allow anchoring of 4D negative energies.

**Q:** (L) Well, I suppose we know that "living in dreams" is dissociating... Is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) It's not just dissociating. "Living in dreams" would also be believing in lies, not taking stock of the facts, and preferring instead an imaginary world.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Not seeing yourself clearly. And others.

(L) Not seeing yourself and others clearly...

(Galatea) I've been thinking lately that too much intellect is a bad thing. Is that true?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) Why not?

**A:** The brain is your greatest gift if you learn how to use it.

**Q:** (Galatea) Okay, then my actual concern is that sometimes it seems like people don't know how to feel...

**A:** The problem lies in the subconscious programs that often run the show.

**Q:** (Galatea) So it's not so much intellect, but an avoidance of your heart.

(Andromeda) Or how feelings that you don't understand or acknowledge properly use the mind to create what looks like proper thinking, but it doesn't make sense. Like when your intellect is running on emotional energy.

(Galatea) Do we all know what we can do to stop this?

(L) Yes, we have several books on the topic. You would probably do well to read Kahneman and Timothy Wilson.

(Galatea) Well, not just me... I just noticed that it's a lot of people...

(L) Yeah, and everybody's working on it. Anyhow, I have a really bad knee. I hurt it when... It was a few days after dugdeep and fabric arrived, I think. When did they arrive?

(Andromeda) It's when we were planting the 4 o'clocks...

[lengthy and confusing discussion of what happened when]

(L) So, my arm was hurting when I went to the Farm to cook in the big kitchen there for Joe's birthday and we had everybody over here, and then I fell on the mound, and then I fell in the rabbit hole later.

(Joe) You fell down the rabbit hole, Laura!

(L) Yeah, I sure did! So anyhow, I'm just trying to locate when this weird energy started. Whenever there's weird energy, I always start falling.

(Pierre) And you've never fallen so much in all these years.

(L) So, what is wrong with me that allows me to get so distracted that I hurt myself in these ways?

**A:** In your case it is your susceptibility to the psychic energies around you.

**Q:** (L) Well, how do I get less susceptible to the psychic energies around me?

**A:** You can't do that without also terminating your spectacular abilities.

**Q:** (L) Spectacular like how?

**A:** You communicate with us!

**Q:** (Galatea) Does the same thing also go for my hurt back and sore knees?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) So being psychic comes with a price.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Well, a solution for psychic people is to be in an environment where psychic energy is good.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) It means locking yourself in the closet.

**A:** It means good psychic hygiene of those surrounding.

**Q:** (Galatea) Which is why it's very important for people to be on the straight and narrow when they're around us. Ya'll gotta work on being perfect! (laughter)

(Joe) Well, I can't do it tomorrow. Would Monday be okay?

**A:** Recall previous mishaps and related causes.

**Q:** (L) Previous mishaps. Which previous mishaps?

(L) Well, the time when I fell and broke my butt... What was going on then?

(Data) And then you fell into the door in the office.

(L) I fell over the dog that time. Ya know, I guess I oughta write these things down with all the details around them so that I can figure out the...

(Pierre) That's gonna be a big book! (laughter)

(L) Are you saying I'm clumsy? (laughter)

(Pierre) No.

(L) Okay, so...

(Andromeda) Are you talking about something specific?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Do we get a clue?

**A:** Ask

**Q:** [Discussion of falls and what happened around them]

(Joe) Okay, here's the chronology: [Name redacted]. You had an instinct about not wanting her here, and we were all like, "Oh, but she's just got funny hair" and that led to this splitting of realities thing with Ark both in the kitchen and not at the same time. There was no fall associated with that one.

(Andromeda) No physical injury, but everyone was at odds...

(Joe) After that was the fall by the pond...

(L) That came as a consequence of that split.

(Andromeda) It was quite awhile afterwards I think. When we asked about the [Name redacted] thing, they said that might be the result of some of the energy released in Prague.

(Joe) October was when you fell by the pond.

(L) During the British Invasion.

(Joe) Right, and we asked about that.

(Andromeda) Was there anything else since then?

(Joe) Apart from the knee thing, no.

(L) No, it was fairly calm since then, until...

(Niall) Well, the fall in the office was maybe...

(Joe) March? April?

(Data) In October, there was a session. There was a detail saying that members of the forum were covertly antagonistic. We asked what does it mean, and they said it was discarnate entities in concert with 4d STS working on weaker members. Does that relate to what they said about "previous mishaps"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) I want to ask a question. My question is concerning Laura's susceptibility and all these accidents that happened. They happen, and we don't want them to happen. I have a solution to this problem, but I am not sure whether it is going to work. If I will not leave Laura alone for any 5 minutes, will it solve the problem?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Okay.

(Galatea) You guys are gonna have to get handcuffed together!

(Data) Has the situation with these discarnate entities been resolved since that information was given?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And the previous comment was about the hygiene of those "around you", which means us. So we can't be daydreaming, and if you find yourself going off in la-la land, you basically have to air it out. Talk to people about it.

(L) I think that people need to know what their weaknesses are, and when they know it, if they find themselves having thoughts along the lines of those weaknesses they tell somebody. It's not good to try to struggle through it on your own. We've seen how many times talking about it is what makes other people aware. It's the group awareness that busts the bubble and blocks the 4D STS abilities to interfere.

(Joe) I would say you can notice it when you find yourself suddenly thinking in a particularly negative way or whatever... a kind of unusual thought pattern that is invasive and persistent...

**A:** Negative thoughts can be "dreams" too.

**Q:** (Joe) What they said before was that this kind of fantasyland dreaming about something that isn't objectively true, that seems to allow or anchor some other actual negative energy. So, your dream doesn't necessarily have to be negative.

**A:** It allows the insertion of what amounts to a feeding tube.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So basically it's like a wrong use of imagination, whether positive or negative, if you're not anchored in reality. It leaves an opening for something to attach.

(L) Okay, so somebody's dreaming and sending out the STS signal since they're living in la-la land. Then there's the insertion of this feeding tube, and what then happens? What is the mechanism?

**A:** It can activate subconscious programs and also utilize the connection to enhance physiological processes that excite those in the environment to interact in ways that enhance feeding.

**Q:** (Joe) Sounds like a feedback loop.

(L) So, say I'm in wishful thinking of some sort. I'm dreaming. Say I'm dreaming about winning the lottery. Or I could be thinking negative thoughts toward somebody. Either way, it's a drain. So I'm in this condition, and that allows an STS feeding tube to be anchored in me, which means basically there's an energetic connection between me and some kind of 4D STS forces. Then if I'm just dreaming or dissociating a little bit, the connection can accelerate that, make it worse. I can feel worse, or believe it harder or stronger. And then that can enhance physiological processes like brain chemistry, hormones, etc. And usually we get triggered to think things because of stuff we're not even always aware of. In the Wave, I used the example of a blue hat. A kid gets exposed to somebody abusive who's wearing a blue hat. They then always go into a state of fear when they see a person in a blue hat, but they don't even realize what's going on. They get triggered and have negative feelings toward that person and the person may be totally innocent and benevolent. But because of the blue-hat programming, the dissociated person acts negatively toward them and thus begins a negative dynamic. The other way would be somebody whose favorite relative always wore checkered shirts. So when they see checkered shirts, they always feel warm and fuzzy and are naturally attracted to the person wearing the checkered shirt, but they don't know why. They may feel very favorable toward a psychopath in a checkered shirt who takes them for everything they have or destroys them emotionally. In both cases, the initial beliefs about the other person or situation has no basis in reality. That could be a subconscious trigger for just the beginning - the opening - of the whole process. And then it will snowball...

(Joe) It's very similar to mind programming and the way people are going off all over the world today.

(L) Yes. People can be programmed to be antagonistic toward each other without even any secret government involvement. So basically, any person here in our community, this could happen to that person if they have such programs. And it is almost certain that everyone has programs of this sort that incline them to favor this thing and not favor that thing, all based on experiences of the past, most of which they cannot remember and which don't apply at all to current experiences. That could then lead them into either la-la land, or very dark thoughts, very negative thoughts. That in itself creates an opening that allows this 4D STS energy in. The basic energy generated by the program is then souped up, accelerated and made ten times worse and the person falls into a pit of thinking that is out of control. And it can be negative thinking or it can be apparently positive, like thinking you are in love with the psychopath in the checkered shirt, or at least, the wrong person. A person might then automatically run programs that manipulate other people and set off their programs – either positively or negatively. Like if they think they are in love because a program has been triggered, they'll send out "mating signals" which then trigger responses. And then they all start falling like dominoes. Or, they start thinking negative thoughts and act negatively in a more active way and cause all sorts of issues to develop. That's really creepy when you think about it.

(Data) That's what the C's said last October: be aware of invitations to express dissatisfaction.

(Joe) It sounds a lot like crowd mentality in a certain sense.

(Chu) Limbic resonance.

(L) Okay, so... we've also been doing the crystals. We started that project in May after the last session. Did this crystal project attract attack so to say?

**A:** Oh indeed! And that is rather the crux here!

**Q:** (L) In other words, because of the beginning of this project, we attracted probably as many nasty energies wanting to interfere as we got after Prague? And that's why this period and that period are so similar.

(Data) When I put the crystals in the pond, a branch tried to fall on my head!

(L) Yeah, and things got really crazy at that point. So anybody who allowed their awareness to slip... And we weren't really thinking about it. We were just doing the project.

(Data) Last time they talked about their firewall, but we don't have a firewall!

(Chu) So you fell after the crystal project started?

(L) Yeah.

(Joe) Let me ask this: Is there any particular aspect of doing the crystals, any part of the process, that leaves an opening?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) I guess that it is just the main rule: awareness that we need to keep uppermost. Problem is, we don't tend to think that anything we do is all that important that it would attract such attacks. What is the importance of this project that it would attract such attack?

**A:** Imagine all your group with their crystal connections then beginning to utilize them in unison?

**Q:** (L) In other words, once everybody who requests them finally gets their crystals, there's a possibility that we could then organize utilization of the crystals in like a sychronization or something? Doing EE together, singing songs together, reciting some of our protection texts...

(Pierre) Does everyone doing something like that together possibly lead to a change of state, change of reality?

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (L) What if everybody just began to build a spiral of energy? On, say, Wednesday night at such-and-such a time, we'd all gather together with our crystals that provide the link-up. And then, just basically maybe sing some songs to connect chakras just to see what happens? I guess we should experiment with that.

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Galatea) Would it be a good idea for us to meditate and envision a better reality with our crystals?

**A:** Try to avoid defining how it might happen, but, yes!

**Q:** (L) Everybody could visualize themselves in a "new world", but without trying to define what it is or how it happens. Don't limit it or anticipate.

**A:** Soon we will provide inspiration! Continue the project for now but with all awareness!

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Galatea) I wanted to ask something. Since they mentioned dissociation and living in la-la land, where does that leave imagination and creativity? Or is that a whole different animal?

**A:** Whole different animal!

**Q:** (Galatea) So being imaginative is fine?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that kinda leads to another question: What is the difference between wishful thinking and imagination?

(Pierre) When you imagine, you're aware of it.

(Joe) And you're not taking it as real or acting on it as if it's true. You can imagine a better world, but when you wake up, you realize you're still here, and then you focus on what's real.

(L) So, now I want to turn to world affairs. We just had a supposed terrorist truck attack in France. Was the guy in the truck a terrorist, or just some guy who was enraged and had blood on his mind?

**A:** Programmed by life experiences and reached his tolerance level.

**Q:** (Niall) He snapped.

(Joe) That's pretty much what I was saying.

(L) The plane that went down in Egypt... What's the deal?

(Joe) They found a few bits and pieces, but no bodies or anything. There's very little information about it.

**A:** Electrical anomaly in atmosphere caused extreme potential difference and ignition explosion.

**Q:** (Joe) Where did that plane come from?

(Niall) Paris.

(Joe) Paris to Cairo, and it was over the Mediterranean. It was on May 19th. Whatever happened seems to have mostly vaporized the plane. They claim bits and pieces and the black box being found, but no significant wreckage.

(L) Well, maybe the atmospheric charge opened a portal and part of it went into another dimension! Did this have anything to do with any volcanic or planetary activity? Like any electrical connection?

**A:** Aetna.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, Aetna was erupting in late May. In fact, I think it's been doing stuff off and on for a few years. Next question?

(Niall) About the Russian doping scandal: The official story is that ALL the Russian athletes are doping, so that's why they were banned from the Olympics. Is that true?

**A:** Partly. But then so is everybody else.

**Q:** (L) About the busted pipe and power outage in our house recently...

**A:** Energies previously discussed enhanced by increased microwave activity both artificially induced and natural. [Emphasis given to last word.]

**Q:** (Galatea) The time after I had finished my fast where I felt like my soul was leaving my body, what was that?

**A:** Low blood sugar.

**Q:** (Galatea) Is our upstairs hall haunted, or are the things we see and feel just recordings?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) I think we asked something about that once before, and they talked about the fact that we have all this underground water.

[Short break]

(L) Let's go back to EgyptAir 804: this charge that took down the Egypt airliner, was it so intense that it could vaporize most of a plane and the people on board?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Considering that sort of charge in the atmosphere kind of leads to the idea that we could be entering a period where some of those things described by the ancients like these giant plasma figures in the sky could begin occurring. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes. Holy Grail!

**Q:** (Pierre) The chalice shape of the Z pinch phenomenon.

**A:** Sheets of rain! Transiting realities?

**Q:** (L) That's a reference to a previous session where "sheets of rain" and "holy grail" were mentioned in the same session I think... Is the basic idea of the Holy Grail actually some kind of memory or record of the manifestation of some gigantic plasma phenomenon that opens a portal into another reality? Like the strange tale of the castle of the Fisher King where time stopped? And possibly something that can be utilized…?

**A:** Close!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, those things you talked about many times before – time travel and interdimensional transport - where it took like mega or gigavolts of electricity to open portals or operate... the Philadelphia Experiment type things...

**A:** Yes, now you are tracking well!

**Q:** (L) So we're onto something here.

(Galatea) Several nights ago, I had this semi-awake dream that there was an entity in my room and my palms started burning really hot. What was that?

(L) What was what?

(Galatea) Was there something in my room?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Galatea) Okay, then why were my palms burning?

**A:** Bleedthrough of alternate reality.

**Q:** (Galatea) But why did it cause my palms to become hot?

**A:** Higher energy other-self melding.

**Q:** (Galatea) So I melded with myself from another reality. Is that what happened?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Was that a good thing?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, so the next important question on my mind is the attempted coup in Turkey. Is this Erdogan fellow a psychopath?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Is he personality disordered?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Is he kind of crazy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (laughter) (L) There is a difference!

(Pierre) He's just nuts!

(L) Is he kind of crazy because he's been driven crazy in the ways most of us have been driven crazy: subconscious programs, wishful thinking, and you become an instrument of higher density forces?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And that can make you crazy, especially when you've got all kinds of people around you feeding you with paranoia, grandiose dreams, luring you with power and riches or whatever...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is he being worked on by other Earthly forces? Beaming and stuff?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, next question is: Who was behind the attempted coup in Turkey?

**A:** You nailed this already.

**Q:** (L) So, it was the USA, NATO, CIA...?

(Galatea) The usual suspects...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And they apparently fell into some wishful thinking, or they tried to do it in a hurry. They tried to find any straw that they could grab to get rid of this guy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) On this topic, were we right that the shootdown of the Russian plane was not done by Erdogan or with his consent, but rather by a fifth column?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) To basically put a bloody knife in his hand and screw up his relations with Russia...

(L) So he's being set up, and driven crazy, and he's being used by 4D STS and so on and so forth... Things aren't gonna get any better there with somebody like that in charge.

(Joe) Is he basically dealing with a fifth column aligned with the West that exists within the power structure in Turkey?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Did he get some help from Putin?

**A:** Advice and intel data.

**Q:** (L) Putin's no fool. He wouldn't put all his cards on the table there.

(Joe) Is this turn of events likely to lead to a closer relationship between Russia and Turkey?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it kind of backfired on the coup plotters?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Kind of like Ukraine did.

(PoB) How about the Brexit?

(L) Was the real result of the Brexit vote for leaving or staying?

**A:** Leaving by a big majority.

**Q:** (Niall) So they rigged it to a more narrow margin... How come they changed the result to make it seem narrower?

**A:** Thought they would prevail.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they thought that they were switching enough votes to stay, but they didn't.

(Pierre) So maybe they moved 10%, but it wasn't enough. So, they made a big, big fumble!

(Joe) Is this a general trend here that they're just screwing things up left, right, and center because they're getting desperate?

**A:** Wishful thinking loses.

**Q:** (Pierre) In Turkey, they thought people would follow the coup, but they didn't. In the UK, they thought more people wanted to stay, but they didn't. There's a bad appreciation of reality.

(L) They assessed reality wrong because of their wishful thinking.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Do we want to ask about Niall's accident?

(Niall) Yeah. Was it as close as it felt like... Did I nearly die?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) I'm locking you in your room. That's it! Just kidding.

(Galatea) Was it his subconscious intention, or was it influenced solely by external forces?

**A:** Influenced. Group was ultimate target.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Was there some protection afforded to him that made it turn out as well as it could have?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Thank you!!

(L) On that note, I will say good night and thank you for being with us... unless there's something really important that we need to know that we didn't ask.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

