## December 9, 2017
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, Mikey, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, The Lunar Module, Princess Leia

**Q:** (L) Today is December 9th, 2017. It just occurred to me this is a number 10 year, which is a number 1, or the beginning of a new cycle. That means last year was a number 9 year. No wonder it was such a rotten year! Alright... Hello?

**A:** Fhlikola of Cassiopaea gives greetings. Hello to all!

**Q:** (L) We have a pretty good little list of questions here tonight, so I'm going to try to do the possibly short answer ones first before we get into anything lengthy. First thing I want to know: Was there any foul play involved in the death of Andrew Breitbart?

**A:** Loaded question indeed. Let us just say that as long as Hillary Clinton was seen as a viable candidate, a word carried weight with those agents with access to "advanced assassination tech."

**Q:** (L) Like triggering heart attacks from some kind of beaming technology or something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) If Hillary felt threatened, or any of her minions were threatened, she would say that word kind of like she said, "Why don't we just drone Assange?"

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And I guess Assange is only safe because he's... Why would he be safe?

**A:** Limited access to correct parameters for tech activation efficacy.

**Q:** (L) Oh, we've got a smarty tonight!

(Joe) Might have to be out in the open. Where was Breitbart when he died?

(L) I don't know if it's out in the open, but maybe just the right situation. Maybe it has to be close.

(Joe) Your man - what do you call him - Robin Cook? He just died in 2003 when he was against the Iraq war and he was revealing who Al-Qaeda was and stuff, and he was out walking...

(L) So basically the ones who've succumbed to this particular type of sudden death have basically been out in the open.

(Joe) The Robin Cook death, they said there was someone not far away manning something... like microwaves or something.

(L) Okay, so anything else?

(Joe) What about Seth Rich? Did we ever ask about him? The guy who supposedly downloaded the stuff from the server. It was a robbery on a street in Washington, but they didn't take anything from him.

(L) They shot him in the back.

(Niall) Was he the source for the leaks?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (L) So there's somebody else?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Was his death an assassination by the Clinton gang?

**A:** Interesting that the name "Podesta" comes into both cases?

**Q:** (Joe) Yeah, and I suppose they wouldn't want to have too many people dying the same way. So they'd probably mix things up. Since we're on assassinations, what about the Russian ambassador Vitaly Churkin? Did he actually die of natural causes?

**A:** That was natural.

**Q:** (Artemis) That makes me wonder about Prodigal Son because he had his heart attack during a storm.

(Andromeda) A lightning storm...

**A:** Related but uncontrolled.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, if it happens during a storm to somebody, it's because they're extremely susceptible, but similar energies are involved. Next question: What happened to the missing Argentine navy submarine?

**A:** Underwater anomalous event related to Earth changes.

**Q:** (L) Like what?

(Andromeda) Like a volcano, or...?

(L) You mean something like an underwater eruption or an outgassing?

**A:** Yes. Gas.

**Q:** (Joe) Pretty powerful, huh?

**A:** Sucked into cooling system.

**Q:** (Pierre) Oooh! So there was no more cooling. The cooling needs sea water.

(L) And then the heat could have caused an explosion.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) They said they detected an explosion, but they couldn't explain it.

(Andromeda) Makes submarines even scarier.

(L) It's getting dangerous to run around in the skies, under water, over land...

(Joe) I know, we better stay home.

(L) Okay, next question: Why did Trump recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital?

**A:** Buying powerful friends.

**Q:** (L) Is that it? He doesn't have some plan behind it?

**A:** Yes, but in the nature of blind cunning. The "Art of the Deal."

**Q:** (L) So in other words, he doesn't really have a logically formulated plan. He just acts on instinct and then each step reveals itself as he takes each step?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, sometimes that works, and sometimes it doesn't.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. Okay, now I read something recently where somebody was saying that the murder of the Romanovs was a Bolshevik sacrificial ritual. Is that true?

**A:** Not as stated, but at some level it would have been interpreted that way.

**Q:** (L) What does that mean?

(Joe) It means the Bolsheviks weren't doing ritualistic killings, but at some level it was seen as...

(Pierre) They were not aware they did a ritual killing or whatever. They did their killing. It was horrendous, but there was no symbology or plan behind it.

(L) Like maybe 4d STS, they set it up as a ritual killing for their own benefit so to speak... For their pleasure.

(Joe) Well, for everything that's come since.

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Alright, close enough. Okay, Joe, you had a question?

(Joe) I have a question about the US Air Force's request for 12 samples of Russian RNA in July of this year. They specified in a FAQ that they couldn't be Ukrainian, they had to be Russian. And Putin commented on it not so long ago in a speech. So, I'm wondering if there's some devious plan...

(L) Are they up to no good?

**A:** You can say that!

**Q:** (L) So they're up to no good...

(Joe) The idea was that they're trying to create some kind of bioweapon that's genetically specific...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) ...against Russians.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mikey) Why not just get samples...

**A:** Unfortunately, since most Caucasians are related to Russian forebears, this is a dangerous and delusional undertaking.

**Q:** (Joe) No doubt! They're trying to specifically isolate something that specific to only Russians? And it's not going to affect anyone else?! Maybe some kind of airborne pathogen or something...

(Ark) It doesn't make sense! If they want DNA they can have Russian DNA as much as they want without anybody knowing it.

(Joe) That's what Putin said. When he commented on it, he said that there were people inside Russia collecting samples of DNA.

(Ark) Massively?

(Joe) He didn't say. And he referred to this Air Force thing. So, I don't know. Would you need lots of samples? It's a stupid idea.

**A:** There are many activities at present being driven by 4D STS to further their aims of preparing a suitable population for their benefit in numerous ways.

**Q:** (L) So, they want a slave population, they want soldiers, they want maybe bodies that they can incarnate into themselves?

**A:** Yes. All that and more.

**Q:** (Pierre) For this purpose, they're trying to fine-tune and select the proper genetics of human beings - to design the best vehicles?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And all being done via their human agents who think they are doing it for other reasons. Alright. Well, let's move on to Ark's question. We had a discussion the other day about ghosts, and he had a question he wanted to ask about that topic.

(Ark) Yes. I want to understand the poltergeist phenomenon. It appeared like Artemis was asking in 2005 because she was seeing something in the field.

(Artemis) I remember that.

(Ark) So the answer was study poltergeist. Artemis didn't want to study, but I am studying now.

(Artemis) I studied!

(Ark) Okay, so I want to understand. The answer was at some point that it is 3rd density Section B energy anomaly. Well, I don't know what is "Section B"...

(Joe) Besides Section A.

(Ark) Okay, so energy anomaly certainly. But when I am asking about poltergeist, I have in mind something like a table rising and flying across the room and being overturned and landing upside down somewhere. But... It just flies! It will fly normally. I don't see any laws of physics broken because it just flies. The whole table, you know? It doesn't go like half a table or something. It flies like if there was wind, and the wind took the table and moved it. So, it looks like all laws of physics are satisfied. It's not something strange like UFOs that move instantly from one place to another. They disappear. But this table just flies nicely.

(Pierre) You mean you just need a normal physical force to...

**A:** 3rd density.

**Q:** (Ark) But I would like to know whether conservation of energy is satisfied. This table when it's flying, does the energy come from the person that is responsible, or it comes from the vacuum, or it comes from... I don't know from where?

**A:** Vacuum utilization by human information decoding.

**Q:** (Ark) I don't know how can we use this vacuum, except that there are some quantum things... Does it have anything to do with quantum theory?

**A:** Generally, yes.

**Q:** (Ark) Does it need hyperdimensions? Extra dimension?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Is it sort of like an energetic alchemy?

**A:** Depends on what you define as alchemy.

**Q:** (L) Go back to the one before... [Review of answers to Ark's questions] So, what I want to ask is... Is it consciousness - whether it's conscious or unconscious - that acts as the bridge or the decoder... Well, let me ask this: Is the decoding the same thing as bridging the dimensions?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Is it the human consciousness - whether conscious or unconscious - that does this?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) I would like to understand why with this poltergeist phenomenon, we have flying bottles, flying chairs, swinging chandeliers, but we don't have like flying mountains or flying houses. I mean, what...

(Andromeda) What limits it?

(Ark) What limits this kind of phenomenon? You see? Why people are not flying, but tables are flying?

(Pierre) There are cases of levitation.

(Ark) Why dogs are not flying but tables and chairs are flying?

**A:** Some humans and dogs have flown. Consensus limits possible objects.

**Q:** (Pierre) The beliefs. It reminds me of a question I wanted to ask for months. With Artemis and the guys here, we made this game here in the kitchen where we put our hands on someone's head. And then you concentrate and we were repeating something like 10 times or whatever. Then we put our fingers under the knees and armpits of the subject, and we lift them up. So maybe my first question is: Am I mistaken to think that in some cases, the gravity or the weight of the individual was really reduced?

**A:** Yes. Coral Castle.

**Q:** (Pierre) Yeah, exactly! So, through intention... Well, what I want to mention now: There were some cases where the consensus of the belief - maybe concerning the subject... It was with Atreides. He's heavier than the rest of us. He didn't seem to believe it. We did the same procedure, and it didn't work. He was the same weight, and we didn't manage to lift him. So if we didn't manage to lift him, is it because he didn't believe the experiment?

**A:** Active resistance.

**Q:** (Pierre) Okay, so he was not into it, or it was scary or whatever, he was not into this state of mind and we didn't manage to lift him.

(Andromeda) Sometimes there are people who don't necessarily believe it, but they're not actively disbelieving it.

(Pierre) Fighting against it.

(Andromeda) Right.

(Pierre) But in this case, he was opposing. We were not on the same wavelength.

(Mikey) Is that related to the Belief Center that the C's mentioned several times?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) I would like to have a hint about which direction - if I want to understand this poltergeist thing - which direction in physics I have to go first of all?

**A:** Matter as manifestation of consciousness as a function of algebra between dimensions.

**Q:** (Scottie) That's easy!

(Pierre) Crystal clear. I would like to go back to this experiment we did. Obviously, we altered a physical constant, gravity, in a direction we wanted. It worked in this case because... I didn't believe it would work. I wasn't fighting against, but I didn't believe it. But then I suspect the girls were in such a state where the intention was stronger than the beliefs. Their intent, their will, was stronger than their belief.

**A:** Decoding subconsciously.

**Q:** (Pierre) Again, they use the word "decoding". Decoding means there is a code. What is the code they're referring to?

**A:** Information.

**Q:** (L) Well, okay... What is decoding information? In information theory, you have information and send it. The simplest example is the telephone. You pick up the telephone, you call somebody, they pick up their phone and say, "Hello?" You speak into the telephone, and your words are transformed or encoded into electronic signals which then travel across the line and are decoded by the telephone on the other end. That's not the end of it. It's just the mechanical part of it. There's another part of the decoding. The first is the information that exists in the head of the person who says the words. And then the reception of those words that have been coded and decoded by the machine into sounds, which make words. So there's a whole series of steps for decoding of information. If there is information in another dimension and that dimension is possibly something that your deep subconscious is connected to, then you're able to access that information; then you decode it even if unconsciously.

(Pierre) Okay, following you... Gravity is a consensus, and most of the time consensus applies. It's explicit. Acceleration, gravity, 9.81, etc. However, this concept of gravity, this physical law or norm or constant is related to more than that. There's more than the explicit information we have about gravity. If an individual managed to tap into it, decode it, and interact with it, he can make this constant NOT a constant anymore because he has access to more information relating to this physical entity.

**A:** Exactly.

**Q:** (Ark) Gravity is affected here, right? That's what we were told. And the gravity was affected in this poltergeist phenomenon. And in the poltergeist phenomenon there was this vacuum there. Is it in this case also gravity involved in changing then...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) What they're saying is flabbergasting to me. What they're saying is all those physical constants...

**A:** Unstable gravity waves. Vacuum is information.

**Q:** (Ark) Now, when we use the term "vacuum" here, is it the same that other people would call ether?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Joe) What do you mean by the vacuum?

(Ark) Quantum vacuum, zero point energy, right?

(Pierre) Non-local information?

(Ark) It's not clear, but among the physicists that were talking a lot about paranormal and vacuum, there was this CIA guy Puthoff. And the CIA is still studying this subject. How much did they progress? Is it in military use, or is it too fragile and depends on consciousness and so on?

**A:** They are frustrated by inconsistency of results. They do not realize the implications of STS vs STO on information in the vacuum.

**Q:** (Arky) Okay, I'm done.

(L) Well, I want to ask: What are the implications of STS vs STO on the vacuum?

**A:** STS is constrictive and inhibits flow.

**Q:** (Pierre) Since their project is based on STS motivations, it doesn't work very well because the foundation is decoding in interaction with information field and it doesn't flow.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So in other words, there is some truth to issues of good and evil in terms of STS and STO, and in terms of what can and cannot be manifested?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Don't have many people of the right orientation...

(L) I remember the C's said something one time about some kind of... what was it? The Ark of the Covenant could only be handled or used by somebody who had a pure STO profile because anybody else would be killed. Is that basically what we're looking at here?

**A:** Yes. Close.

**Q:** (L) Alright, my last question: There is a question on the forum where it talks about some guy named Kilindi Iyi, who is some kind of inventor of Tamerrian Martial Art Institute. He claims that in ancient times, all of the spiritual systems were hooked to different power plants such as mushrooms. Is that true?

**A:** Considering the previous discussion, the answer is obviously "no".

**Q:** (L) Alright. He says that the soma, which is a hallucinogenic brew, was the most important part of yoga. Is that true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) What was the soma?

**A:** You have researched this. What do you think?

**Q:** (L) Well... According to the most ancient texts, the soma or haoma was something that gave somebody superpowers, made them super-alert, prevented them from sleeping, they were extra strong... They called it the plant of immortality. It was a juice that was pressed out of a plant. It was pressed out and drunk immediately. It wasn't fermented in any way. It was strained through lamb's wool or something. It grew in the mountains, not in pastures where mushrooms grow. Most of the experts that I've read who seem to have a clue what they're talking about say that it's an ephedra plant that's a substance that's very similar to amphetamine.

(Joe) Right, so it makes you super-alert, super-active, super-whatever, and you don't have to sleep. Then you drop dead! (laughter)

(L) Well, usually they didn't get so big a dose. But it made them pretty charged up. I'm sure some of them did drop dead from it. So, basically I would say that just from my own research that when this guy says that, he's full of bollocks.

(Joe) Good answer.

(L) Anyhow, the guy goes on to say about the mushrooms that they give you direct contact with your genetic system.

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (L) (Reading) He says that magic mushrooms are organic technology that has access to the Akashic records... (laughter) ... that is in contact with the pineal gland and can take you to these different chakra points of the multiverse. (laughter) Um...

(Joe) Some word salad there!

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (L) Okay, hold on... Let me turn the page.

(Pierre) Oh, it's not over?!

(L) This is important! Okay, they were saying these cultures considered the cow to be sacred like in India because mushrooms containing psilocybin grow from their dung.

**A:** Not why cows were considered sacred. This guy needs to go back to school!

**Q:** (L) He claims that all the martial art forms he has become an expert in have the introduction of mushrooms when you reach certain levels, and it serves a purpose for furthering the training.

**A:** Nonsense!

**Q:** (L) "Ultimately the majority of individuals that have consumed mushrooms containing psilocybin have claimed the experience to be a spiritually beneficial one and in their experience they lose their perception of self temporarily."

**A:** Notice that a minority do not claim such an experience!

**Q:** (L) So the question is: "Are we able to ask the C's if Kilindi Iyi's material is accurate or false?" Well, I think we covered that. "Would people in the world benefit spiritually from consuming mushrooms containing psilocybin in a controlled/safe environment?"

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Artemis) Does taking mushrooms make somebody become a mushroom?

**A:** LOL!

**Q:** (L) Okay, well... Let me ask: Are there benefits to using psilocybin mushrooms or something like that?

**A:** For some, yes.

**Q:** (Pierre) We had this discussion. About the reset thing.

(L) If psilocybin mushrooms are not producing spiritual experiences, what do they do?

**A:** They bind to neuroreceptors and block certain intense ego oriented thinking. This has the effect of allowing a mass of impressions coming to and through the sensorium to be apprehended. The effect is to make the individual less controlling in their thinking. These effects can be lasting.

**Q:** (Artemis) So it like dissolves boundaries in a way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, obviously if the effects are lasting, one doesn't need to repeat it?

**A:** No. And in fact repetition can be damaging by altering brain structures via chemical pathways.

**Q:** (Artemis) Well, it does make sense that it can help people with depression because if your boundaries are weakened, you get the information you need to fight it.

(L) Well, I think the problem with depression is that people focus too much on their ego, or their own problems. If it dissolves the ego, it dissolves the depression.

(Joe) And it allows a mass of impressions coming to and through the sensorium to be apprehended. Oh.

(L) And you go from being so focused on yourself to being focused on everything...

(Joe) But you're still detached from normal life where you can interact with people.

(L) Yeah, it might help you if you are TOO focused on yourself.

(Pierre) Or wrongly focused. It's interesting because when you do mushrooms there are those amazing "hallucinations". But if I understand correctly, it's just a shift of focus from inward to outward...

**A:** Synesthesia.

**Q:** (L) That's making connections between different parts of the brain that aren't ordinarily connected, like when you smell a number, feel a number... So it just kind of crisscrosses everything; lets everything flow in and all the inputs are jumbled and that seems like a "spiritual experience" to ignorant people.

(Joe) Part of it I think is that all of that stuff that you're processing that you've selectively filtered in your daily life, you're actually seeing all the stuff that's in your brain.

(L) It's the stuff that's going on all the time.

(Joe) It's like rummaging through your garbage.

(Pierre) Yeah, you filter far less those external stimuli.

(L) And not just external, but internal. What's going on in your brain, like your whole neural sheet, your ears, your eyes... They're all taking in all kinds of stuff and it's all being processed in different parts of the brain all the time, and most of it is just filed without being brought to conscious attention.

(Joe) And you're set up to only process that amount of information that helps you to function properly in the world.

(L) And people who are depressed narrow that focus even more to just those things that they ruminate on over and over again; their own "take" on everything dominated by programs.

(Pierre) Yes.

(Andromeda) They block out everything else.

(L) So, in general, for some people it would be a helpful therapy, but not something that one would repeat for bogus spiritual experiences. Is that the bottom line?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, anybody have any other questions? I'm done.

(Joe) Going back to the poltergeist thing and Pierre talking about lifting people and the information decoding from the vacuum... Mikey brought up the belief center of the brain. In the past, they said almost all the power to change reality is contained within the belief center of the brain.

(Mikey) Reality and physicality they said.

(Joe) Right. But obviously it's not just a matter of belief. In fact, maybe it's not a matter of belief at all, but instead the beliefs that RESTRICT the ability to do that, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it's not about having the right belief, but more about not really having any fixed belief at all.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That's the point? Okay. So then, we're going to say goodnight unless there's anything we need to ask that we didn't ask.

(Artemis) I have one question I want to ask. Is all depression ego-based?

**A:** Mostly yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Okay. I have this experience where I have this knowledge where I thought that I could do something, like I had some sort of ability, but I lost it. Do you know what I'm talking about? I can't describe it to you.

**A:** You would reach a peak of your abilities if you would undertake the necessary changes to your life style.

**Q:** (Artemis) So that's what I need to do in order to get it back?

**A:** Yes!!!

**Q:** (L) Do you know what they are?

(Artemis) I know.

(L) Why don't you check?

(Artemis) I know. Do I know?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mikey) {Person}'s sickness: Is it based on an infection, a genetic defect, or a hormone disbalance?

**A:** Hormone.

**Q:** (Mikey) Does it have to do with the adrenals?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mikey) Pituitary gland?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Mikey) ACTH?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mikey) Okay. Thank you.

(Pierre) Don't you want to know a recommended cure?

(Mikey) Well, will visiting a hormone specialist help?

**A:** Yes possibly.

**Q:** (L) I think the best thing to do when anybody's got a hormone issue is to do that hormone reset diet. I swear to god it works! It really makes a difference.

(Mikey) So {persons}'s disease is curable?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright, we're going to say good night.

(Artemis) Thank you, good night, we love you, bubye!

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

