## May 13, 2017
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Niall, Joe, Possibility of Being (PoB), Chu, Data, Scottie, Arky, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) Okay.

**A:** Good evening joyous ones.

**Q:** (L) This is May 13th, 2017. I thought they were gonna say "joyous people" or "children", but they said, "ones".

**A:** Got you didn't we?

**Q:** (L) Alright. What do you want to ask about?

(Pierre) I have a few questions. In one of the last sessions, it was mentioned an "irresistible force" and an "immovable object", remember? What was the irresistible force, and what was the immovable object?

**A:** Deep State vs. Russia

**Q:** (Pierre) So it was not Trump. So did Trump cave in to the Deep State?

**A:** Seemingly...

**Q:** (Pierre) So here they're suggesting that he's acting as if he's caving in and throwing bones to the Deep State, but deep inside...

(L) Or throwing meat to the wolf.

(Pierre) Yes. But actually he didn't cave in, but is trying to further his agenda...

**A:** Not completely. But the game is not over.

**Q:** (Pierre) What were the results of the second round of the French elections? The real results?

**A:** 52 percent Le Pen.

**Q:** (Niall) Wow...

(Joe) Figures.

(Pierre) And... That's a bit depressing. Um... About Brigitte Macron, the wife of Emmanuel Macron: there is this 25-year age difference between them. Are they together just because of love, or is there something more to this unusual age difference?

**A:** Her control is pathological.

**Q:** (Pierre) That's interesting. There is this Italian psychiatrist who tried to make a psychoanalysis of Macron. He suggested that when Macron was 15 and he met his teacher at the time, she raped him, and this triggered in him some psychopathological behaviors. So was Emmanuel Macron raped by his teacher when he was 15 as suggested by this psychiatrist?

**A:** He was willing enough.

**Q:** (L) But at 15... Can you really understand the consequences?

(Pierre) No. And a lot of boys when you're 15, there are a lot of hormones.

(L) It seems to me that she took it to mean more than it should ever have meant. There have been teachers and students that have had affairs and interactions, and then they go their separate ways. But she seems to be the one in control.

**A:** Like a fox.

**Q:** (Chu) And if it had been a man, he'd be in jail.

(L) Yeah.

(Pierre) Like a fox. Or like a cougar!

(L) Alright, what else?

(Pierre) First round?

(L) Huh?

(Pierre) What were the results of the first round of the French election? They want to know about Asselineau on the forum.

(Joe) How much did Asselineau get in the first round? He got less than 1% officially, but unofficially?

**A:** 29

**Q:** (Pierre) And Le Pen in the first round?

**A:** 61

**Q:** [Exclamations of disbelief all around] (Niall) She would have been president automatically!

(Pierre) But together combined it's 90 percent!

(Niall) The two real anti-establishment candidates almost took everything.

(Chu) And she should have been president...

(Pierre) After only the first round! So they moved the figures not by 20% like with Segolene in 2007, but by 40%! They dropped Le Pen from 61% to 21%...

(Niall) They have a situation now in the country where 90% of the people didn't vote for the guy who just became president.

(Pierre) That's a powder keg.

(Joe) Well, they didn't...

(Chu) How can you have 48% voting Macron when in the beginning she had 61%?

(L) Because they reduced the choices.

(Chu) But she had 61% before...

(Pierre) First round they vote Le Pen, but then in the second round they often vote differently. But just to confirm, Macron got 48% in the second round?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Well, so it's that. People got scared. That's a documented thing. The first leaks from Macron's servers was those documents from a NATO/CIA-sponsored foundation in France that was pushing for a lot of migration and a lot of mosques and stuff. I was wondering if his main mission is to bring in migrants and stir things up to lead towards a civil war?

**A:** US wishes to destabilize EU similar to Syria so that they can come in and "fix" things. i.e. rule and control resources and trade the "American way". Everyone will speak English!

**Q:** (laughter) (Pierre) They sure have a sense of humor, but I'm not sure that will be the only consequence...

(L) So basically, some kind of cabal in the deep state of the US is at the bottom of some kind of One World Order plan to really basically bit by bit take the entire planet under its control. Is that it either overtly or covertly?

**A:** Covertly at present, but overtly eventually.

**Q:** (Joe) That's been the goal for a long time.

(L) That means that Trump is a real thorn in their flesh because he's kind of an isolationist and a nationalist. He wants to go the opposite way, and that's why they wanted to get rid of Le Pen. And anybody else who's a nationalist is basically a "bad guy". The only good guys are the ones who do what the US says. Do they really realize how weak they are? I mean, their own country is falling apart. Their own infrastructure is going to the dogs. The education of their people is deplorable. The health of their people is deplorable. The death rate... They're not paying attention to ANY of those things, and yet they're trying to rule the world? That's not a very good example to set.

**A:** Psychopaths are "reality blind".

**Q:** (Joe) The funny thing is that one of the major ways that they attempt to achieve this is through rigging elections. That's basically a really bad idea because eventually they'll push it too far. Even the people who have no clue are gonna go, "Really?!" It happened already in Scotland. The vast majority of Scottish people are highly suspicious about that last referendum. Everyone was saying "Yes independence, yes independence!" and then the result was "NO"?! And then they go around and ask each other, and it's like, "I can't find anybody who voted no..." Eventually, the cat's gonna come out of the bag. You can't keep rigging elections in a way that puts someone in power that NOBODY voted for. You can't do that forever and not expect people to eventually go...

(Niall) They're gonna try the UK next. That's coming up. It'll be interesting. Nobody wants to vote for the Tories.

(Pierre) After the French elections, there was a French journalist who went around to interview who voted for Macron - to understand why. He didn't find anybody!

(L) He couldn't find anybody who voted for him?

(Pierre) How much did Macron get in the first round?

**A:** 12 percent.

**Q:** (Joe) Well, it couldn't have been 12 percent...

(Chu) Uh, that's impossible. We already had 90%.

(Pierre) Asselineau 29%, Le Pen 61%, so there's only 10% left...

(PoB) Maybe there were more votes than voting people. It happens.

(Chu) Did they mean 1.2%?

(Pierre) So, let's recapitulate: Asselineau, 29% in the first round?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Pierre) Okay, so these are approximations. So, roughly.

(L) Well, Le Pen could have just got 50%.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it's an approximation.

(Pierre) Okay.

(Galatea) They didn't tell us their name this session.

(L) We didn't ask.

(Galatea) Do we wanna know?

(L) Yeah.

(Galatea) What's your name?

**A:** Koglila of Cassiopaea!

**Q:** (Galatea) Nice to meet you! Thank you.

(L) Okay, there's something on my mind. I've been looking at this idea of going to a clinic for stem cell therapy because I've lost my mojo, and I have pain all through my body a lot of the time. I don't know if it's worth it though. If it works, is it worth it?

**A:** Consider what would happen to all your group without you.

**Q:** (L) Well, the thing is we've been doing all this work and all this research, and we've been trying all these different things, trying to find ways for different people to get through these trying times that are so full of pollutions and evil things that...

**A:** What have we told you about knowledge?

**Q:** (L) That knowledge protects.

(Niall) If applied.

**A:** How many things have you solved with application of this principle?

**Q:** (L) Just about anything that comes our way - to the point where we hardly need to talk to the C's anymore...

**A:** [Letters come quickly] Well, you and many others will very much need to communicate with us in the times of turmoil bearing down on your realm. So best if you use the knowledge gathered to prepare yourself to be available and ready. The task you and your group have undertaken is of world changing significance and commensurate forces have ranged against you to prevent your success. The relentless nature of the attacks has sapped you. There are methods revealed by knowledge to counter the effects. Use them!!!

**Q:** (Galatea) My arm is dead!

(Andromeda) Oh my goodness!

(Data) Wow!

[Review of last answer]

(Joe) What does that mean? Stem cells?

(Pierre) So they say yes, go to the clinic in Russia! (laughter)

(Joe) I think that was a long, "yes"!

[Everyone yammering at once]

(Andromeda) I think they're saying yes you should go...

(L) So basically that was a long way of saying that yes, I should try out the stem cell therapy?

**A:** [Answer comes veeery slooowly] Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Thank you for going slowly! (laughter)

(Pierre) So you ask if you should go for this therapy, and they answered, "Consider what would happen to your group without you"?

(Chu) Yes, that was the first answer.

(Joe) Yeah.

(Chu) As in, if she dies, not if she's not here for 12 days! (laughter)

(Pierre) Oh! Yeah, they are right.

(Galatea) Yeah, but it's damned expensive...

(L) Well, comparatively speaking, as far as medical treatments go, it's not as expensive as some things that really don't work. But it's still expensive enough that it's beyond our budget. I don't see how we can finance it.

**A:** The group that needs and loves you will be glad to give back in this essential way.

**Q:** (L) [SIGH] Everybody is having a hard time these days.

(Pierre) Russia! Maybe you will meet Putin over there!

(Joe) What if they put you in a double room and Putin is your roommate? (laughter)

**Q:** (L) I wonder if Putin got stem cells?

**A:** He might have!

**Q:** (Niall) He's thinking about it.

(Scottie) That's why he hasn't announced his next term yet...

(Joe) Oh! Remember when he disappeared?

(L) For about 12 days in Switzerland, wasn't it?

(Joe) Yeah! And they said he was going to see his girlfriend or something.

(L) He wasn't. He was getting stem cells! (laughter) Well... And he's still playing hockey for god's sake, and he's the same age as I am! He was born the same year I was born. We're the same age!

(Pierre) He's riding bears!

(L) And butterfly swimming on icy Russian rivers. Alright, so that answers that question. So... Okay, Pierre had a question about this stem cell business, didn't you?

(Pierre) My thinking was that we have stem cells. They are this raw material that depending on the needs of our body, we can use to build any kind of tissue: neurons, muscle, etc. So, why do we need to get our stem cells in our blood although we already have stem cells in our body - especially in our bone marrow? Maybe we can ask a simple question first. When you are too sick, you are not able to properly use your stem cells, is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Okay, the mechanism is blocked. So this therapy helps you to overcome this blockage?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) And to mobilize the stem cells, because in the bone marrow they're kind of dormant...

**A:** And part of the attack from 4D STS is aimed at exactly that.

**Q:** (L) In other words, blocking the ability to repair.

(Pierre) So you circumvent this blockage, this attack, by mobilizing your stem cells through direct injection in the blood. In the paper you were reading earlier, they mention activating the stem cells. How do they activate stem cells?

**A:** Sound and light

**Q:** (Pierre) I'm surprised you didn't ask: How many years will you rejuvenate after this 12-day therapy?

**A:** It depends on the individual and their three body makeup.

**Q:** (L) In other words, for body, mind, spirit... So if the only part of you that's broken is your body, then...

(Pierre) It depends on the individual, and even then it's not like everything will rejuvenate 20 years. The part that is really broken will rejuvenate more.

(Ark) I'm not sure if I'm right. But I think that this kind of therapy is somewhat like the ideas of Benveniste which worked if there wasn't a red-haired woman nearby! So what counts is not so much the theory, but the success rate. In some labs, the same protocol will work, but the same protocol somewhere else with a little different vibration or whatever will not work. I'm not sure, but I have this impression.

**A:** Good point.

**Q:** (L) I think the thing is that if I felt better, everything else could turn around. It's like dragging a 50-pound ball around with you all the time. You get so tired!

(Galatea) Health is the most important thing. If we all had our health, everything would be easier no matter what...

(L) No matter what you struggle with.

(Data) Which clinic should Laura go to?

**A:** Knowledge protects!

**Q:** (L) I think they were answering you, Data. I think the Moscow clinic sounds good.

(Chu) Are there any risks we should be aware of that they're not reporting?

**A:** Minimal. Less than other similar procedures.

**Q:** (Joe) Does it have to be Moscow, or could it be like Slovenia, or...?

(L) Well, the thing is, they said they highly recommended that I go to Moscow because they can do things there that they can't do in the Slovenia or Belgrade or Swiss clinics. Also, it is somewhat cheaper in Russia.

(Chu) Is that similar to what the ancients used to do with light and sound? Were they achieving similar results?

**A:** Very close.

**Q:** (Pierre) The way they were doing it with those prehistoric stones, it was the frequency that triggered stem cells...

(L) I bet it did.

(Galatea) There was also singing.

(L) Will I get my voice back if I do stem cells?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Will I get my bad back straightened out if I do it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Andromeda?

(Andromeda) Will I stop aching and have more energy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Will I still be able to play the piano? (laughter)

**A:** No

**Q:** (laughter) (Pierre) You tried to trick them!

(L) Alright, any other questions?

(Galatea) I have a whimsical useless one. Is there anything particular about the unicorn visions I've been having?

**A:** Hope!

**Q:** (Galatea) Unicorns are always a good sign.

(L) Unicorns represent hope. And they don't exist. (laughter)

(Andromeda) They do!

(Galatea) Unicorns exist, don't they?

**A:** Somewhere!

**Q:** (Galatea) So hope is somewhere, but not here.

(Data) No, unicorns are somewhere.

(L) And so hope can exist somewhere.

(Galatea) But not here, apparently! (laughter)

(L) Well, I have to say that for a long time, the idea that nothing we did would make any difference in the processes going on here on the planet politically and socially and earth-change wise: intellectually, I've understood that. But I guess it's only been in the last six months to a year that I've come to viscerally understand that we do what we do simply because it's the right thing to do. I don't see any hope for changing the juggernaut that's marching across the planet.

**A:** What's important is what comes after.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, what we're doing is carrying a seed through massive changes?

(Galatea) We're like Frodo trekking through Mordor to chuck the ring into the fiery pit of Mount Doom.

**A:** Close enough!

**Q:** (L) Alright then, no more questions? Then goodnight and thank you for being with us.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

