## September 16, 2017
Pierre, Joe, Ark, PoB, Data, Scottie, Niall, Opal the Majesticat, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) This is September 16, 2017. [Review of those present] So, here we go.

**A:** Hello to all and cat.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Olebeieaea of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** [Various attempts to pronounce the name given]

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Okay, before we launch off onto all of our... Well, I guess we should just get going on all of our important questions, and then I can finish up with the lesser questions at the end.

(Scottie) Laura wrote on the forum that Vicente Fox might be part of the Deep State because he's basically going gung ho dissing Trump and everything. And then I responded and said maybe not, because maybe he's sick of just being like, "Yes massuh! Right away, massuh!" to the United States.

(L) Yeah. So, this Vicente Fox video was really hilarious. But you know, he's really helping the Deep State because surely he has to know the pressures that Trump is under. But on the other hand, Trump is acting kind of like a moron in terms of his foreign policy statements to say the very least. So, is Vicente Fox just trolling him in a big way, or is he actually acting as an agent of the Deep State?

[Noko enters and starts speaking during answer]

**A:** Former. He figures that anyone as naive as Trump at this point deserves trolling.

**Q:** (L) So in other words... I don't get it.

(Joe) Anyone as naive as Trump?

(L) Does that mean anyone as naive as Trump is at this point, or at this point he deserves trolling?

**A:** Either. Trump gave in to Deep State.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, but he was talking about building the wall before he got into office. I mean, that was one of the reasons that people... It's hard to tell if people liked him more for the "build the wall" rhetoric, or for making friends with Russia and bringing troops home.

(Joe) No, I think it was more domestic stuff.

(L) Yeah, I think people were more interested in domestic issues and getting rid of so many illegal aliens...

(Joe) Yeah.

(L) And building the wall and that sort of thing.

**A:** Trump really bit off a lot. Before, he had a rather simplistic view of things. Now he knows more and can do less. Still, his heart is in the right place.

**Q:** (Joe) In that sense, he's kind of a perfect representative of the people who voted him into power. The majority of them probably have their heart in the right place, but they're completely clueless about the world and how it works, you know?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) He literally IS the people. And the people are having a live demonstration of why they can't change anything about their lives because the Deep State runs everything.

(Joe) It's such a simple concept, but there's a lot of programming against it: just the idea that there are unelected politicians or individuals and career politicians who really run the show and always have done. The idea that a new guy coming in after four years would suddenly be allowed to change everything and then be gone after four years, that's not a practical way to run a country. If you want to run a country, you have to have consistency over a long period of time. You can't have it changing every four years when some guy comes in who gets elected by the people and says, "I'm going to do things differently!" and then it's all upended. These people spend a lot of time investing in setting America on a particular course and acting in the world in a particular way, and they're not going to let some orange-haired doofus come in and go, "Well, I'm going to change everything!" And they're like, "No, you're not!" They learned that a long time ago with Kennedy, you know?

(L) I think the problem is that Trump first of all underestimated what he was up against, and second of all, he didn't spend any time really gathering allies.

(Joe) He didn't think he needed to. As soon as he gets into the White House, he's "Commander in Chief"!

**A:** Not only that, he began making enemies.

**Q:** (L) Well... So, it's going to be a crap shoot to see how it turns out. It is SO unstable a situation, it's like some kind of pressure on a boundary that you don't know when it's going to go, or how it's going to go.

(Pierre) He cannot go in the right direction. At this point, he has no way of winning, so it's going to be a Deep State scenario from now on. And you know what that means for people.

(PoB) Could it still be that the Democrats and all the crazy lefties can steal it in the way that he would be impeached?

**A:** Why impeach a perfectly good puppet?

**Q:** (Pierre) That's the terrible thing. He is a man of the people. The people pick that up. They resonate.

(L) They've got him buddying up with the Democrats, making deals... The Democrats are going to be happy. The Deep State is obviously behind it.

(Pierre) And people are kind of happy because he's not like Hillary Clinton. So the Deep State may want to keep him for just that reason, though he has to be "managed".

(L) And there's been a little bit of a shift in the press coverage. Not a lot, but a little bit.

(Joe) Yeah, it's calmed down.

(L) So I mean they're working through things and they've got that General Kelly in there watching over his shoulder every minute. He's in charge of everything. So... And I'm sure that they've even got somebody doing his Tweets for him now. They're perfectly set up to sound just like Trump, but they're, you know... Alright. What're your questions Pierre?

(Pierre) Let's shift to a more cheerful topic: cometary bombardments. So we discussed the death of the woolly mammoths due to a cometary bombardment. I would like to know about the transfer of water from Mars to planet Earth, when did it occur relative to this cometary bombardment? How many years before, how many years after?

**A:** Within 40 years more or less.

**Q:** (Pierre) So cometary bombardment, and then Mars water transfer?

(L) And how did that happen?

**A:** Electric arc of cosmic proportions.

**Q:** (Pierre) You mean the water transfer? Yeah, that's the arcing. The plasma connection between Earth and...

(L) Was this the same event that left that gigantic scar on Mars? (I don't know how anybody can look at that scar and not get the willies!)

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) How close was Mars? Water can be...

(Pierre) It was closer because...

(Joe) ...transferred through hundreds of millions of miles of space?

**A:** Mars was much closer temporarily. Tales of gods fighting in the sky and castration of Chronos relate to this event.

**Q:** (Pierre) So, this massive inflow of water from Mars reaching Earth...

**A:** Much of it precipitated as snow at poles, and was released into oceans gradually. Water moving through space is not liquid.

**Q:** (L) That's how it could happen, because it wasn't liquid.

(Joe) What form was it in?

(Pierre) It was gaseous?

(Joe) What form was it in?

(L) Probably ice crystals.

(Pierre) Solid.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What dear?

(Ark) Yeah, ice.

(Pierre) Well, that's answered my question I think. I was about to ask is this water transfer why sea levels raised about 50 meters during the Younger Dryas while the temperatures were dropping?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) So sometimes our rain just comes from space.

(L) I don't know, sometimes. Chunks of ice come from space all the time.

(Artemis) They bring viruses with them! The plague! (laughter)

(L) I mean, they call comets "dirty snowballs". According to them, these dirty snowballs can fly through space and land wherever they want to. And if you think about it, what they just said was coming in at the poles... That would be like when the blasts from the sun...

(Pierre) The Aurora Borealis?

(L) Yeah, that stuff comes in at the poles.

(Pierre) Yeah, the magnetosphere is weaker there. Related question: We've witnessed over the past few days several X-class solar flares. I wanted to know if this unusual solar activity was triggered by an incoming cometary cluster related to Nemesis?

**A:** Check planetary alignments and factor in distant body

**Q:** (L) So something was just lining up.

(Pierre) And easing the discharge.

(Joe) Planetary alignments.

(L) Okay, what else?

(Artemis) Blue? Infrared?

(L) You want to ask about the InfraBed?

(Artemis) Not personally.

(Pierre) About the infrared, I wanted to know is there any relation between Reiki and near infrared radiations?

**A:** Minor.

**Q:** (Pierre) Okay, it's different. Because Reiki is a connection with the information field, and infrared is a radiation or frequency.

(L) Okay, why is that the InfraBed seems to affect some people very beneficially over a period of time, and other people seem to get their tank topped up pretty quickly, and then only need to do it every so often?

**A:** You just answered the question.

**Q:** (L) Their tank gets topped up and they don't need it so much.

(Artemis) So why do some people not need it so much?

**A:** Very strong physiology.

**Q:** (L) I think it comes down to mitochondria. People who have mitochondrial problems and diseases need more infrared. People who have strong healthy mitochondria don't.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, then that kind of leads to my next question. There's this issue about using methylene blue as some kind of brain enhancer or body enhancer and so forth. So, I would like to know if methylene blue is in a general sense for many people, or the majority of people, or lots of people, a beneficial element to take?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** The studies used to back this claim have to do with disease conditions. If you read carefully, you will note that the benefits accrue to those with pathology and not so much to normal controls. Further, MB raises blood pressure and can destroy beneficial biomes. So, extrapolating results to justify ingestion is irresponsible.

**Q:** (Joe) Were you taking methylene blue before you went to Serbia?

(L) Yeah. But I quit a couple of weeks before we went.

(Joe) When you were in Serbia, you had high blood pressure.

(Artemis) Well, I'm glad I only took it three times.

(Pierre) Each time I took it, I felt terrible. It increased the headaches.

(L) Alright, next question.

(Andromeda) I couldn't tell much difference, but I have normally low blood pressure.

(Artemis) I wanted to revisit the mirror subject. Could mirrors be used or charged in a way to communicate with other people?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) So let's say that someone's stranded on an island. They pull out their compact mirror and they say, "Hey! Help me! I'm stranded on this island!" Could that work?

**A:** If there were a tuned receiver.

**Q:** (Artemis) So mirrors could be charged in a sense then. Is that what you're saying?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) So we could give people sets of mirrors that are charged, kind of like phones in case they need help?

**A:** A la Castaneda's Don Juan.

**Q:** (L) He gives the instructions for how to charge the mirror.

(Artemis) Okay, does that mean the same could be said for water?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) So if you're trapped on this island, you can just talk to the beach?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Okay.

(Pierre) At high tide.

(Artemis) So if ever one of us is stranded, be close to a mirror or look at your water. (laughter) And just say, "Help me!"

(Joe) We need to test this! I'll strand myself out back in the fields. Heeelp! And I'll have a glass of water.

(Artemis) Well, it could be useful!

(L) Pierre, do you have another question?

(Pierre) During the Charlottesville event, this helicopter that dropped from the sky, was it just a coincidence?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What about the recent events about 15 marines having accidents in two days? There's a general spate of accidents or screw-ups among the US military.

(Pierre) The boats.

(Joe) Yeah.

**A:** Psychopathy takes its toll!

**Q:** (Pierre) Referring to the level of inefficiency and chaos. And it's just a time of peace. Imagine during a time of war, with all the added stress and pressure! It would be a disaster.

(L) Yeah, and with the negative selection of people. They're incompetent, and you select them because they're psychopathic enough. And then they're dumber. Risk takers and dumb, and...

(Pierre) On the forum recently was published the history of John McCain as a pilot.

(Joe) He was shot down on his first sortie.

(Pierre) He crashed FIVE planes?!

(L) After the second one, that man should never have been put in a cockpit again.

(Pierre) He flew seven hours total in his life, and he got EIGHTEEN medals for those seven hours!

(Andromeda) And he crashed five planes?!

**A:** Psychopath!

**Q:** (Joe) He sure is. Little worm.

(L) Alright.

(Artemis) Okay, well thank you.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

