## August 5, 2017
Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Joe, Ark, Possibility of Being, Chu, Data, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, Opal the Majesticat, Penelope the Original Kitty

**Q:** (L) What's today's date?

(Galatea) It's August. The year is 2017. The day is the 5th.

(L) It's August the 5th, 2017, and it's been a little while, eh?

**A:** Hello my children! Elidhieaea of Cassiopaea giving information important to all in your realm!

**Q:** (Andromeda) Do we have any questions?

(L) Is there some particular thing that you want to say that's important to our realm, or is it just that you're waiting for questions?

**A:** It is better to ask and start the flow.

**Q:** (Pierre) I have a question. It's about the interface between information and our reality. You see, molecules have what is called chirality. Handedness. Left-handedness, or right-handedness. They're the same component, the same atoms, chemically they are the same. Just geometrically, they are different. They're like mirror images of each other. Those two molecules are almost exactly the same, only the chirality is different. But their properties are totally different: one can be a poison, and the other can be very beneficial. The only difference is geometry. So I would like to ask: Is geometry the fundamental interface between the cosmic information field and our material reality?

**A:** Very close.

**Q:** (Ark) Pierre, but you see, you have these two molecules, and one is the mirror image of the other. And you say they have completely different properties. They have completely different properties with respect to the body which already has a fixed chirality. Our universe has a preferent chirality. Our DNA has preferent chirality. How it happened? But if there exists another universe that is a mirror image of ours?

(Pierre) So you're saying the properties of the geometric symbol is not absolute, but relative to the environment?

(Ark) Exactly.

(Pierre) Okay.

(Ark) Information, in fact, is always relative.

(Pierre) Oh yeah?

(Ark) Yes.

(L) STS, STO. Information that is one way to the STO pathway is perceived or understood or received differently to one on the STS pathway. Some love the darkness, some love the light.

(Data) I think the C's once said that in 4D, existence is "easier" because the body is no longer a restriction, but a home. So, it seems to be the higher in density you go, the easier existence is. I want to know how that behaves when you go down in densities. Because if you follow that logic, 2D would be more difficult than 3D. Or is it that 3D is the most difficult existence?

**A:** 3D is the most difficult due to presence of potential balance of consciousness and matter and thus duality.

**Q:** (Data) And the difficult part is choice. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) It's interesting that they speak about the balancing of duality, especially with the rise of trans people and men identifying as women and women identifying as men.

**A:** Indeed. It is a reflection of chaos and entropy. We warned about disintegration and soul smashing increasing.

**Q:** (L) I want to ask about Venezuela. This poor guy that came along after Chavez died, he's really having a rough time. It looks like the CIA has got a program going on down there. I guess what I want to ask is: Is what is happening there now - I mean this recent voting process - truly reflective of the majority of Venezuelans?

**A:** Close. It is similar to the election of Trump.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, it's a majority, but there may still be a lot of people there that... I mean, I wouldn't say that Trump has an overwhelming majority, but he has a majority. It seems like what they're doing to this Maduro guy is very similar to what they're trying to do to Trump. That makes it highly ironic that Trump himself is condemning Venezuela and Maduro, who is his own mirror image in a different country.

**A:** Yes, but Trump does not have a lot of freedom lately!

**Q:** (Pierre) So they mean that even if he would like to support Maduro because he doesn't have this freedom because there's so much pressure.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Moreover, he is biased by the American media.

(L) Yeah. Well, but Trump was always against the US CIA going in and bombing other countries, or doing regime change. He made remarks and made it seem like he was aware that Ukraine was a US covert Op and that Russia had nothing to do with it. So, surely he would be able to see the same thing about Venezuela? Even now, he's had to moderate his rhetoric about Russia even though it was very different before the election. The thing is, people elected him based on his rhetoric while he was campaigning, and now he's having to backtrack on so many things.

(Pierre) What can he do?

(L) Congress goes on a break and just before they do, they unanimously vote that Trump can't do what every other president has done, which is recess appointments!

(Pierre) He's powerless. He cannot stop the sanctions against Russia.

(L) I mean, all the freedoms that George Bush and Clinton had, and Obama had; they acted without congressional approval all over the place and nobody batted an eye... because of course they were playing the Deep State game.

(Ark) Can't he dissolve the Congress like the president can do with parliament in every other country?

(L) No.

(Niall) Not in America, no.

(L) Congress is a third equal power.

(Joe) A check against the power of the president. In theory.

(L) It's like the Roman consuls couldn't dissolve the senate.

(Pierre) Even if he could dissolve, I think there were only 5 congressmen who voted against.

(L) I think there's only 3.

(Joe) Trump's rhetoric before the election was about bringing jobs to America and helping people, and I think he was fairly honest. He's a businessman, and his ideology is good business. He sees all these good business deals that America can do around the world. But he's fighting against the rest of the establishment who are all these politicians. He's an outsider. All these establishment politicians are America Firsters in a completely different sense. Their ideology is "America Before Everybody Else". Particularly now, it's Russia Last. Their primary focus is Russia and China LAST. But the first thing to observe is that, before any potential business deals they could do, they're willing to shoot themselves in the foot businesswise, to make sure Russia does not rise and have good business deals too. And that's totally at odds with what Trump wants to do because he sees all these good business deals going to waste because of this ridiculous anti-Russian America First exceptionalism ideology that these people are aligned with...

(L) Not only that, in foreign policy, he was asking why we're fighting wars; he was all about bringing troops home, working on infrastructure, really "make America great" in all the ways that count to the people. But then, the first thing he does, he starts buying the generals. So it's like, either he thinks he has some really super-clever strategy, but it doesn't seem to be working at all...

**A:** We said he would "try", but succeed? Not likely.

**Q:** (L) What are the chances of him being impeached?

**A:** Even.

**Q:** (L) Um, assassinated?

**A:** More likely a convenient death due to stress factors.

**Q:** (L) Like a heart attack or something. {Like Chavez and his cancer?}

(Niall) Is the USA on the verge of revolution?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Niall) Close to a revolution, or...

(L) Close to the verge of a revolution, which is like a step away. I'm noticing more and more on Twitter that people are talking about revolution. It started probably a week ago, and I'm not sure what exactly triggered it, but something did.

(Pierre) I think what triggered it is that it seemed lately that there's been such an accumulation of lies and injustice. You really have to be blind to be in the US and not to see what's going on. And that's one of the great virtues of Trump I think. Even if he failed to reach the goals he had defined, he has tremendously exposed how corrupt the media and politics and Deep State are.

(Joe) Potentially, he's exposed the reality of the Deep State to a lot of people and shown that there's a power behind the throne, and always has been.

(L) If there's anybody in the US who doesn't know how corrupt and how evil the media and politics is by now, they must be living in the backwoods with no radio, TV, or contact with the outside world.

(Joe) The most frustrating thing about it is that all these people who are anti-Trump and who are dismissing everything he says or everything he might have exposed like in terms of a power behind the throne, they dismiss all that because they don't like HIM.

(L) It's personal.

(Joe) Yeah, it's personal. So there are so many people who just don't believe anything he says about the media, and about Congress, and all the hints he's making that basically he's being screwed over by some other power... They're just laughing at him because they started out at the beginning just hating him: Not My President! Ya know? I dunno how many people are like that, but there are a lot of people just missing the whole lesson and the whole opportunity to see all that.

(L) That's exactly what they did in the Ukraine. Drove the elected president out, and then the CIA came in and took over.

(Joe) And you see what happened afterwards. If that's what happens in America...

(L) So they're trying to drive him out, so... It's just a real ugly situation right now, and I dunno how smart Trump is. I dunno what kind of advisors he's got. I know he ought to get rid of that son-in-law. Well, he can't do anything! The only thing he COULD do would be to call on the people to start a revolution.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) His only allies are among the people. Among the elite, he's...

(L) They're ALL corrupt.

(Pierre) And they're all against him.

(Joe) Everything that has been done has been designed to discredit him and make him look incompetent in the eyes of as many people as possible. And it's worked.

(L) Okay, we got any other topics? Well, as you know, I went and had the stem cell therapy. I would like to know if my knee is rebuilding itself?

**A:** Slowly but surely.

**Q:** (Pierre) Do you want to know how many percent of rebuilding you've achieved? (laughter) Completion percentage?

(L) That's what the engineer wants to know: What's the percentage of completion of the rebuilding process?

**A:** 46 but soft.

**Q:** (L) It's very soft. It's not finished. Very fragile.

(Joe) It's like a baby's knee.

(Galatea) You're getting a new knee!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright, what else? Anything?

(Pierre) Andromeda, you could ask about the wave of baby birdies you have recently rescued.

(Andromeda) Is there any meaning behind the wave of birdies we've been rescuing lately, or is it just there are a lot of birdies this year?

**A:** General sign of the times.

**Q:** (Joe) Does that mean that before the planet descends into chaos, all the species go bonkers breeding and having babies?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Andromeda) Like before a really hard winter or something?

**A:** Soon!

**Q:** (Pierre) Doesn't mean next winter.

(Scottie) "Soon" could be in 10 years...

(Pierre) We've been saying that for how many years now?

(L) Yeah, soon could be 10 years.

**A:** er

**Q:** (Joe) Sooner than 10 years, okay. (laughter)

(Galatea) I have a question. Can things watch us through mirrors?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Malevolent things?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) How do we stop them?

(Joe) Smash your mirror. (laughter)

**A:** Mental blocking works.

**Q:** (Galatea) So just mentally block them, and they can't see you anymore. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Can good things see us through mirrors? Like unicorns? (laughter)

**A:** Yes and you can see "things".

**Q:** (Galatea) So if you want to see a unicorn, you can waste your time staring at a mirror.

(L) Yes.

(Galatea) Can they come through the mirror?

**A:** Not usually.

**Q:** (Pierre) It means it CAN happen...

(L) I would say that if something "comes through the mirror", it would have to draw on the energy of the person, kind of like getting ectoplasm from a medium.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What about Mars' water?

(L) Yes?

(Joe) You were asking that the other day.

(Pierre) There's a session about that.

(Joe) But Laura was asking how it could have happened.

(L) Did we ever ask how?

**A:** Your researches are on the right track.

**Q:** (Pierre) The last discussion was that there was a close encounter and a discharge because Mars and Earth have different electric potential. And there was this giant Birkeland current that not only carried electrons, but also water from Mars since water from Mars has the same electric potential as Mars.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. Anything else?

(Data)I have one more. The C's once described the Wave as hyperkinetic sensate. I would like to know when a person does work on himself, facing one's own mechanical nature and the mechanical nature of others, that also creates sensations that I thought could be hyperkinetic too. Are these two things comparable? Would a person that works on himself, is that comparable to hyperkinetic sensate that the Wave was described as?

**A:** It can be. A person who struggles with intense emotion and masters it is somewhat inoculated.

**Q:** (L) So if you experience these hyperkinetic sensate experiences incrementally or gradually inside yourself by working with yourself, and you deal with them, then you are not subject to being blown apart by the hyperkinetic sensate Wave that comes later? Well, I mean, come on! It looks to me like we're already experiencing it. Look how all these people are acting all over the planet. If that's not a hyperkinetic sensate... I mean, you see those so-called Social Justice Warriors? When I saw the screaming woman with the glasses on after Trump's election, I mean... And the rest of them? They're just acting freakin' CRAZY! So I would say that hyperkinetic sensate is partly involved with the disintegration and the soul smashing. It's like insane. Am I right there?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) It could also be related to the shooters, the Florida face eater man.

(Data) These sensations are certainly unpleasant.

(L) No kidding!

(Data) Are people ever going to ask for help, or seek out help from someone who knows how to help them?

**A:** Eventually the suffering will separate the wheat from the chaff.

**Q:** (Galatea) In the 1990s, there was a session where the C's told you there was a child waiting to be born. You remember that? But it never got born. Did you ever ask any more about it?

(L) No.

(Galatea) Well, was that a child that was karmically meant to be born with Laura?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I think it was just a possibility.

(Galatea) So it wasn't like somebody that was supposed to be with Laura specifically?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) {To Galatea } You're the baby!

(Galatea) Well, maybe they went somewhere else, and we can find them again if they're meant to be here!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) They were born somewhere?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Do they know us?

**A:** Not yet.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Huh!

(Galatea) So they wanted to be with us, but weren't meant to be.

(Pierre) I have a question. Laura said that my migraines were due to compressed blood vessels in the neck due to a swelling. Is it the truth?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Do you think that they would contradict me?

(Pierre) Eh, no.

(L) Well, yeah, they do all the time...

(Pierre) This swelling, is it the herniated disc?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) How can I solve this problem?

**A:** Try your new creation.

**Q:** (L) That's the Dracula Option! [a custom-built infrared "not-tanning bed" known as the InfraBed]

(L) That it?

(Galatea) Thank you for everything, and if you by chance have anything else to say, otherwise good night and we love you!

**A:** Goodbye

END OF SESSION

