# 2017
## March 25, 2017
I've been thinking about all this a lot, and had a few exchanges with Approaching Infinity about it – he's read/reading the books also – and I wanted to bring it to the group as soon as possible because I felt it was very important and would be very helpful to many. For a few weeks I've been wanting to ask questions about these ideas and we kept cancelling the idea of a session because one or the other of us (mostly me) were simply not up to it energetically. So, finally, last night, rather late, I said "let's do it – I feel like I can do it for at least an hour or so." After checking with others, they said they could do it too, and so we did and here it is.

Laura, Andromeda, and Galatea at the board

Pierre, Niall, Joe, Chu, Ark, Data, Scottie, Possibility of Being, Opal the Peekaboo Kitty

**Q:** (L) Today's date is what, March 25th, 2017? We just have the home crew here tonight because we haven't been able to actually schedule a session because of health issues. [Review of those present] Alright... Long time no C! At least for conversation... we've sure been communicating while selecting crystals pretty darn regularly!

**A:** Now is a good time to learn!

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Frilipiaea of Cassiopaea. Good evening! You have brought two books here tonight which contain great insights. We can see the many questions in your mind. Let us answer in advance that, yes, it is true that a network can operate as suggested. Also, the model of personal transformation is exactly correct with the modifications you have devised.

**Q:** (L) So, in other words, I was prepared to ask all of these questions, and I had my books with me, and you just basically stole my thunder! (laughter)

(Galatea) No! They helped you. It's called helping.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What books? We don't know anything about what you're talking about.

(Galatea) You can tell us all about it when Scottie transcribes. You can send it to Scottie and he can add it.

(L) Okay, I'll add it. I will include the information in the transcript so that people will know what is being talked about. Okay, I guess we can just move right along then to the next question! (laughter) Why have I been suffering so much? Have we asked this question before?

(Galatea) Probably. In many ways.

(L) Because it's like we pointed out talking about it yesterday or today or whenever it was... It's like since we started this crystal project, that's when I started going really, really downhill. I mean, I have suffered pain and miseries and infections and all kinds of dreadful things. It has basically just taken the stuffing out of me. So, I would like to know why?

**A:** We have mentioned often enough the last option you discussed: attack. But also there is the element of balance: In order to bring in great positive energies there must be corresponding suffering to act as inductor.

**Q:** (Pierre) That's what you said during the discussion, that maybe that's the price to pay.

(Joe) Why does suffering act as an inductor?

(Galatea) Well, for the balance because it needs the suffering to create the balance.

(Pierre) Laura was saying that you have a lot of people who talk about the benefits of the crystals, so they have less suffering. Seemingly, for balance to be restored, one is suffering (in this case Laura) in order for members to suffer less through the crystal network.

(L) Well, there's also another thing I remember. There's something from Mouravieff about negative emotions. If you can master negative emotions, then it inducts - he used the word "inducts" - it inducts positive energy from the higher centers. I'm not sure if I'm really correct on that. Pull up your copy at some point and find the quote. It would be interesting to see what he said. The word "inductor" is what catches my ear. Anyway... Well, they once said, "From the fire comes light", right? {Also, there is the element of "contact potential difference"}

(Galatea) Does that also explain why Andromeda 's so tired sometimes and why I'm so achy as well?

**A:** Yes but to a lesser degree.

**Q:** (L) That's because they're younger and not so fragile.

(Galatea) Is that the reason? I don't think so.

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) But not exactly.

(Galatea) Is it because Laura on some level is choosing to receive most of it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) You're protecting us. Thank you!

(L) Ah, wonderful.

(Galatea) "Ah, wonderful! I had you kids so I could suffer for the rest of my life!" Kissy kissy kissy!!

(Andromeda) Are the problems I've been having recently, or actually for a long time, heart-related?

**A:** No. More like liver. You should take care of your liver.

**Q:** (Andromeda) And that's causing the breathing problems?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Galatea) So what did they say about her liver?

(Joe) She should take care of it.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, that kind of clears up my questions.

(Galatea) Okay, session's done! Good night!

(L) Anybody have other questions? I'm all at sea because my books are now irrelevant!

(Galatea) Oh, I might as well get out a random question I have while we're waiting. I want to solve this debate once and for all. Pierre says that the solar plexus is the conduit of lower emotions. But I heard that it's the power center of the body. So, what energy is the solar plexus for?

**A:** You are closer.

**Q:** (Galatea) As in me?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What did the C's say about the centers? What did they say about the chakras?

(Joe) Lower emotions is the...

(Galatea) That's the stomach, the orange one.

(Pierre) Well, in Buddhist tradition, the basal chakra between the legs was the basic energy...

(Galatea) The basal is below the belly button and the root is the crotch.

(Pierre) Yeah. Instinctive is under the belly button, lower emotion in Buddhist tradition is yellow, then green for higher emotion (the heart), then blue is the intellectual center (the voice), and...

(L) I don't think you're right. We'll have to look it up and we'll include it in the transcript.

(Pierre) They change but they said what unites higher intellectual and higher spiritual was here. They talked about the Shepherds hook.

(Joe) They never said the solar plexus was lower emotions...

(L) Go look it up, Joe. See what the C's said.

[Joe goes to look up the session.]

(Galatea) In Bringers of the Dawn, they also say that your solar plexus, which is your power center...

(L) They said you have like 12 chakras or something.

(Galatea) I don't remember that part. But anyway, they say that's where you get your power to like help you with your psychic abilities, to create a psychic shield. So, you'd need the power. It's like the battery pack. So, is the solar plexus chakra sort of like the battery pack of the body?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Galatea) Oh... You wanna try to elaborate and fill in the gaps, please?

**A:** Wait for previous input.

[Joe returns with search results...]

> Session July 13, 2002
>
> **Q:** (A) Now, I was reading in the transcripts that sleep is necessary for human beings because it was a period of rest and recharging. You also said that the SOUL rests while the body is sleeping. So, the question is: what source of energy is tapped to recharge both the body and the soul?
>
> **A:** The question needs to be separated. What happens to a souled individual is different from an organic portal unit.
>
> **Q:** (L) I guess that means that the life force energy that is embodied in Organic Portals is something like the soul pool that is theorized to exist for flora and fauna. This would, of course, explain the striking and inexplicable similarity of psychopaths, that is so well defined that they only differ from one another in the way that different species of trees are different in the overall class of Tree-ness. So, if they don't have souls, where does the energy come from that recharges Organic Portals?
>
> **A:** The pool you have described.
>
> **Q:** Does the recharging of the souled being come from a similar pool, only maybe the "human" pool?
>
> **A:** No - it recharges from the so-called sexual center which is a higher center of creative energy. During sleep, the emotional center, not being blocked by the lower intellectual center and the moving center, transduces the energy from the sexual center. It is also the time during which the higher emotional and intellectual centers can rest from the "drain" of the lower centers' interaction with those pesky organic portals so much loved by the lower centers. This respite alone is sufficient to make a difference. But, more than that, the energy of the sexual center is also more available to the other higher centers.
>
> **Q:** (L) Well, the next logical question was: where does the so-called "sexual center" get ITS energy?
>
> **A:** The sexual center is in direct contact with 7th density in its "feminine" creative thought of "Thou, I Love." The "outbreath" of "God" in the relief of constriction. Pulsation. Unstable Gravity Waves.
>
> **Q:** Do the "centers" as described by Mouravieff relate at all to the idea of "chakras?"
>
> **A:** Quite closely. In an individual of the organic variety, the so-called higher chakras are "produced in effect" by stealing that energy from souled beings. This is what gives them the ability to emulate souled beings. The souled being is, in effect, perceiving a mirror of their own soul when they ascribe "soul qualities" to such beings.
>
> **Q:** Is this a correspondence that starts at the basal chakra which relates to the sexual center as described by Mouravieff?
>
> **A:** No. The "sexual center" corresponds to the solar plexus.
>
> Lower moving center - basal chakra
>
> Lower emotional - sexual chakra
>
> Lower intellectual - throat chakra
>
> Higher emotional - heart chakra
>
> Higher intellectual - crown chakra
>
> **Q:** (L) What about the so-called seventh, or "third eye" chakra?
>
> **A:** Seer. The union of the heart and intellectual higher centers.
>
> [Laura's note: This would "close the circuit" in the "shepherd's crook" configuration.]

**Q:** (L) So, then, basically, the C's gave a different description. And remember, the sexual center is the energy because they say you have to recharge your energy. The sexual center is drained by OPs. So, the sexual center corresponds to the solar plexus. The basal chakra is at the very bottom near your sexual organs. The sexual chakra is the organs.

(Pierre) Under the belly button?

(L) It's below your belly button.

(Galatea) But it's not the crotch area.

(L) Yeah, and then lower intellectual is the throat chakra, higher emotional is the heart, and higher intellectual is the crown chakra. And then when I asked about the 7th or the Third Eye, they said that's the union of the heart and intellectual higher centers. That closes the circuit in the "shepherd's crook".

(Pierre) And the Buddhists say something different.

(L) And they're quite possibly wrong.

(Galatea) So there's something about having sexual energy that increases your bodily energy that increases your ability...

(L) Oh yeah, it's the creative energy of the cosmos. Okay, you were gonna ask questions, Pierre?

(Pierre) Officially, the USA holds 8,000 metric tons of gold as a reserve. What is the true number?

**A:** 2300

**Q:** (Pierre) Oh my god, it's less than France... Officially, China holds 1,800 tons of gold. But according to many sources, they hold more. What is the real number?

**A:** 3100

**Q:** (Pierre) In 2015, it was reported what they call a "smile" on Venus. From the north pole to the south pole, there was this luminous arc. Scientists said it was gravity waves. It sounds like baloney to me. It looked like a plasma phenomenon. So what was this "smile"?

**A:** It was indeed a plasma phenomenon caused by approach of electrical wave from dynamic interaction with outer solar system body approach grounding the sun.

**Q:** (Pierre) Nemesis.

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) In other words, by any other name...

(Pierre) Yeah, well, we can call it Nemesis. The sun's companion. Last question: What happened to the pin?

[Our pickup has a trailer hitch that is held in place by a large pin. It disappeared. The heavily-loaded trailer would have come disconnected from the pickup and probably caused a bad accident on the way to the dump/recycling center, but fortunately Niall and Pierre felt something was "not right" and noticed at the last minute that the pin was missing. Disaster averted, but yeah...]

**A:** Hot topic! Let us just say "sabotage".

**Q:** (Galatea) Was it one of the recent visitors here?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (L) I think it must depend on what you call a "visitor".

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Was it that creepy creature that I had a vision of, by chance?

**A:** Possible. Keep all eyes open!

**Q:** (Pierre) Maybe we got some help during the process. Niall's intuition helped, and even me looking at the reverse camera screen one last time when I noticed the trailer moving up and down when it shouldn't have been doing that... Was it the crystal in the pickup that helped?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) We have to be thankful. It could have been bad.

(Galatea) I had a vision of the creature but I didn't mention it because I thought it was just my imagination. I was lying in bed about to fall asleep, and all of a sudden as clear as day I saw a black creature with bright red eyes floating looking in through the window of the Lodge. It was late at night, and I was like, "Oh, that's creepy... SNORE!"

**A:** The veil is thinning.

**Q:** (Andromeda) When was that?

(Galatea) It was weeks and weeks ago. But there was also the incident where Athena was there, and that was the night I got spooked by something howling that I thought I heard. I came inside and then the dogs starting barking at something and ran in the direction that I came from. So, I don't know if that was just a creature in the field, or something else. What was it that the dogs were barking at that night?

**A:** 4th density harbinger.

**Q:** (Galatea) Good that I hightailed it out of there then!

(Scottie) A harbinger of DOOM?!

(Galatea) A harbinger of what exactly?

**A:** Thinning veil

**Q:** (Galatea) Okay, so the veil is thinning so you can see these creatures, but...

(L) I guess they're like window fallers. The veil is thinning, and things get through. They do things. They interact.

(Data) A couple of us have dreamed about bears and we've had injuries or murders in our dreams recently. Is that like reading these energies?

**A:** Meeting the threats!

**Q:** (Data) "Meeting the threats" means defending against them in the dreams?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Data) So, me being a bear and killing a tiger was actually self-defense?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It's a psychic act on another plane.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, is there any relationship between this bear and Putin? (laughter)

**A:** Close, same ancient energy.

**Q:** (Galatea) So basically it's like a synchronicity because what's happening in Russia is also causing these things to manifest in our dreams because it's welling up.

(L) Yeah.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Which reminds me: I was looking at my maternal DNA mutations. Apparently, my particular set of mutations go back to Crimea. That's where my maternal ancestors lived. So does that mean I'm Russian at heart?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) Babushka! (laughter)

(Pierre) Da!

(L) Doesn't that mean grandmother? (laughter)

(Galatea) I thought that meant child.

(PoB) I have a question. What was the nature of the weird metallic sound I heard the previous night. Was it like some kind of a plane, or was it closer to the trumpet sounds in the skies?

**A:** Trumpet. Expect more soon.

**Q:** (Niall) Did I also hear it about a month ago? I thought I heard trumpets...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, there is something I want to ask. You made the remark last session about 40 days between then and Trump's inauguration, including that we should expect shocking things or stuff that would give us chills up our spine. Rock and roll, and so forth... A number of people have complained that there was nothing so dramatically shocking.

(Galatea) Yeah, you guys are all talk and no show! (laughter)

(L) Well, I find that to be a little bit naive because there were some extremely shocking things. For me, the most shocking thing was for the intelligence services to come right out and DIRECTLY, in PUBLIC, frontally attack a president-elect before his inauguration with that dodgy dossier about the Russian hotel. I mean, those things are like evidence of something very deep and very ugly that is now emerging into plain view: the evil that has stayed in the shadows doesn't fear exposure anymore. THAT gave me chills! It's like there is open warfare in the halls of the psychopaths and they don't care who sees it or knows it because they are convinced that the programming of the public is complete.

**A:** Yes. Implications are serious and dramatic beyond what is immediately apparent. From our perspective, the import is indeed chilling. Watch how it all plays out. The irresistible force has met the immovable object. Who is more clever?

**Q:** (Pierre) So it means Trump hasn't lost his war against the deep state yet.

(L) I think he must be stepping back and rethinking. He thought it was gonna be easier, and now he's rethinking because they've got him stymied. And I don't think he likes to lose.

(Pierre) And also saying between the lines that he's not this dumb. He might end up being more clever relative to the deep state.

(L) It's gonna be interesting to see how it all plays out. But that was absolutely unprecedented behavior.

(Pierre) He seems so lost to me. He looks almost alone in his face. People in his own party, in the CIA, in the media are all against him. He seems almost alone fighting this gigantic battle.

(Chu) Just him getting elected was chilling enough. And the speech he gave... there hadn't been a speech like that since Kennedy.

(L) Yeah, I mean he basically threw down the gauntlet in his inaugural speech. Let's see what happens. It's gonna be interesting. Next question?

(PoB) Who was behind the explosion in Ukraine?

**A:** That would be telling but a hint: Inside job.

**Q:** (Pierre) Someone from the Ukrainian government?

(L) Savchenko!

**A:** Close!

**Q:** (Joe) Somebody aligned with the Novorossiyan or Donetsk people.

(L) I don't think the Ukrainians are happy with their government. There's a small group of very vocal far-right people that get a lot of attention and all the TV time. They're brutal like Nazi brown shirts. The rest of the people are suffering. They don't have heat, they don't have money, they don't have jobs, half of them probably don't have food, they don't have their pensions... Everything's just gone to hell. So, I think the vast majority, maybe 80-90% of the Ukrainian people are really unhappy with the current situation and government. People are leaving and going to Russia in droves.

(PoB) I think it's more probably that it's someone who wants to sell them weapons.

(L) Sell them more weapons when they don't have any money?

(PoB) Well, they have some land to sell still in exchange, or...

(L) I don't think so.

**A:** PoB is too conspiratorial!

**Q:** (L) That's a conspiracy too far.

(PoB) There is no "too far" in this world!

(L) Alright, is that it?

(Data) A researcher associated with the electric universe movement has presented empirical evidence that the sun is made of liquid metallic hydrogen, which means the sun is actually a highly conductive liquid. Is that true?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Data) So it's not a gas. It's liquid.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Galatea) So basically it's like a floating volcano, or lava?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Yes, it's a giant circular volcano that is yellow. (laughter)

(L) Alright, we're almost finished doing all the crystals, and we thank you most kindly for all your help along that line. We'll get the final ones done probably in the next few days if I can keep myself held together. Then I guess we'll start our Crystal Network Radio Show. I think maybe we may even try to introduce some online channeling. Whattaya think of that??

**A:** Yeehaw!

**Q:** (laughter) (L) Alright then, good night.

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

