## December 1, 2018
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, Possibility of Being, Alana, Gaby, Scottie, Niall, Princess Leia, Pikabu

**Q:** (L) So today is... What is today?

(Artemis) December 1st!

(L) Oh, that's right! How could I forget? It's Chu's birthday. We were just having a birthday party, and here I'm asking what day it is. Well, that just tells you that I'm getting decrepit.

(Artemis) You have an excuse! When young people do it, it's like, "Oh, you're retarded!"

(L) We have only 30 days left in 2018. I can't believe the whole year is gone already. We have the usual suspects. [Review of those present]

(Artemis) Guest starring Alana and Gaby!

(L) Alright. Hello?

**A:** Kalineaea of Cassiopaea at your service!

**Q:** (Artemis) Kal... That's an interesting beginning to a name.

(Andromeda) Kal-El!

(L) Yeah, it's like Kal-El. I like Kal-El. That's Superman's name. Well, I'm not going to ask about the meaning of names. We've asked those things before.

(Artemis) And they always said the same thing: Oh, because you want us to name ourselves. I tried to name them once, but they didn't use my name. So it must mean something. They're just not telling us.

(L) Okay, we have a...

**A:** Good one!

**Q:** (Artemis) See? They like my point! (L) Alright, what's next?

(Pierre) What was the cause of this monochromatic earthquake that lasted 20 minutes last month off the coast of Madagascar?

**A:** Grand chamber collapse deep underground. Like a deep sinkhole. And extremely large!!!

**Q:** (Joe) They were saying they thought it was an undersea volcanic eruption.

(L) So what caused it?

**A:** Combination of factors including crustal slippage and magnetic field anomaly. Check gravity graphic for the region for clues.

**Q:** (L) That must mean that globey thing they made that shows the shape of the Earth according to its gravity.

(Pierre) I would guess the anomaly shows a weak gravity so there'd be less binding force there.

(L) So it doesn't have anything to do with the sun...

(Andromeda) That trembling was on the 18th, and a week later the sun did the singing.

(L) The sun was singing.

**A:** Loosely connected by effects of the same general influences in the solar system at present.

**Q:** (L) And what are those general influences?

**A:** External and internal.

**Q:** (L) Well that doesn't help.

(Pierre) Is the external Nemesis?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Internal is the state of humanity?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is internal also streams of comet dust?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, it's basically the same mechanism. And external could also be the wave?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So just the same general malady is affecting everything.

(Andromeda) And that's the same reason we had this big earthquake yesterday.

(L) So they didn't connect to each other, but they were effects of the same general thing. Next?

(Joe) Is the Oumuamua space rock an alien spaceship or probe?

**A:** Just wait a bit longer and all will become clear.

**Q:** (Joe) It's funny because they've been talking about it again and again. The speeding up and slowing down was reported by these Harvard people at the beginning of this year. They started talking about it again. So they keep bringing it up.

**A:** Recall that a spacecraft leaving your solar system experienced the same effect though at a greater distance?

**Q:** (L) And what spacecraft was that?

(Scottie) I don't remember exactly. Voyager or something? I remember reading about how it was speeding up and slowing down and they didn't know why.

(Ark) Pioneer.

(L) So it happened to our spacecraft against its programming. I guess what you're trying to say is that possibly the same effects that were acting on the Earth-based spacecraft that was sent out were also acting on this rock. So, it's not evidence of its alien source, but more evidence of some kind of forces in our solar system that we do not know about or understand. Is that what you're trying to say?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Any object - spacecraft or rock - will experience the same anomalies.

(L) There are things out there that we just don't know about.

(Joe) And it could be related to its shape and size. It's an unusual shape and size. It's very flat and thin.

(L) But just because it was speeding up or slowing down doesn't mean it's an alien craft. Okay, next?

(Pierre) Talking about space... Several astronauts and scientists reported that wounds do not heal well in space. I was wondering why?

**A:** Human physiology is designed and tuned to a certain level of gravity and electromagnetism and the chemical elements, being "lazy", utilize those factors for optimal functioning. In the absence of gravity and EM influences the systems are not optimized.

**Q:** (Artemis) Does this hypothetically make it sometimes true for some people that their home country is where they can best get their "mana"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) I always wondered about that.

(Pierre) What do you mean?

(Artemis) The Hawaiians say that their home is where their mana is - their strength, their power. They feel healthier and happier in their homeland.

(Joe) It could be slight differences in gravity.

(Scottie) Or what if you're genetically predominantly from a certain area, so you go that area and you feel better. But then you ascribe it to all these other things, but really its the fact that you're...

(L) Genetically designed for that place. Differences in gravity, differences in the atmosphere, the electromagnetics...

(Artemis) And some people do horribly in a new country that they live in. Then when they go home, they feel better. It's the darnedest thing.

(L) Or sometimes they're born somewhere, and they move to another country and feel better. I feel much better away from the heat in Florida.

(Joe) Well, anybody would! (laughter)

(Andromeda) Genetically we're European!

(L) Yeah, look at my genes. I'm...

(Pierre) Irish.

(Joe) She's English as the Queen. You need a rose garden in England.

(L) Okay. Where are we gonna go next?

(Joe) What about the California fires? I'm not gonna ask about DEW.

(Niall) Do it for the forum!

(L) Were there any unusual anomalies going on with these fires? People were saying that houses burned down, but not the trees, and so on and so forth.

(Joe) Well, they're saying it was directed energy weapons.

(L) Directed energy weapons... Was there any such thing going on?

**A:** NO. [spelled slowly for emphasis]

**Q:** (Artemis) Well, they really wanted to make that point!

(Joe) That's just a commentary on the level of pattern recognition run amok among so many people.

(L) I tell ya...

(Andromeda) Fires just act weird.

(L) Yeah. If you've ever been in a really big fire...

(Joe) It was people who were nowhere near the fire looking at videos online deciding that because a house burned, but the trees didn't, it was targeted.

(L) And they don't think about the fact that many, if not most, houses are built from dry, pressure-treated lumber. And trees are loaded with water; at the same time, dry underbrush will burn like crazy. Not the trees though, because they have deep roots and are pulling up water. Plus wind can sweep a fire through an area so fast it can't ignite resistant objects. I've seen the end results of plenty of brush fires in Florida.

(Joe) Was there something at a mass consciousness level being expressed in the fact that this fire almost completely burned down a town called Paradise in California?

**A:** Yes. California is no longer "paradise" and will shortly look more like hell.

**Q:** (L) Well, let me backtrack here... Was the collapse of that underground chamber a harbinger or a trigger that will start some kind of chain reaction of events on the planet that are going to travel around the globe the same way the waves traveled around the globe?

**A:** Close! Works for us!

**Q:** (Joe) If something like that collapses in on itself, if that happened on the continental shelf off the coast of California, it would fall into the ocean!

(Scottie) Finally!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) How large are we talking about for that big "sinkhole"?

**A:** Size of Lake Superior.

**Q:** (L) Well, Jesus, it would have to be big to send waves around the whole planet and ...

(Pierre) For 20 minutes.

(Scottie) That's BIG.

(Andromeda) They felt it near Hawaii.

(Pierre) And New Zealand.

(L) Was this chamber something like a passageway through which... I mean, I've seen pictures of these things through volcanoes... lava tunnels or tubes. Was it something like a lava tube?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Pierre) It was a chamber in the lower layers of the crust, in the mantle that fell in the lava?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Whoa...

(Joe) Did it effectively create a hole in the ocean floor?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Imagine a tube like a vacuum cleaner hose that got smashed. It would still have its top and bottom.

(Joe) But this would be very deep, so...

(L) What if what is above is what collapsed down? When you have a sinkhole, that's what happens.

(Joe) But you probably have a lot of sinkholes going on around the world that don't manifest on the surface as things open up.

(L) And then eventually one day... That's creepy.

(Pierre) About frequencies... In a previous session, we mentioned this prehistoric stone that was perfectly tuned. The C's said that it was not a musical instrument, but instead for healing. They said you can't heal with a single tone, but with the proper tones and sub-tones. You need the right combination. I guess past civilizations had this knowledge. Today in our modern world, are there remnants of music or song that convey part of this knowledge?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Oh yeah? Which one?

(L) Which one what?

(Pierre) Which song or type of music is closest to the tones and sub-tones that have those healing properties?

**A:** Gregorian chant.

**Q:** (Pierre) That's why Itellsya is always healthy. (laughter)

(Joe) I thought they were gonna say White Rabbit... (laughter)

(Chu) Or Pink Floyd. (laughter)

(Joe) Did the shot that killed JFK come from someone in the drain at the side of the road?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) It came from the bridge and the grassy knoll.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) What's the percentage of psychopathy among Ashkenazi Jews today?

**A:** 53

**Q:** (L) That's more than half. Alright, anything else?

(Possibility of Being) I have a question about gender insanity and transgender stuff involving children and all this craziness. Is it something that will pass quickly like a fashion, or something that will affect the world for several generations?

**A:** It is more likely to cause tragedy and moralistic snapback.

**Q:** (L) Next? I'm tired.

(Chu) Anything we haven't asked that we should have asked? The usual...

(L) Is there anything that we should have asked that we didn't ask? If so, consider it asked.

(Artemis) Or if you have advice...

(L) Or if you have advice, we're happy to receive advice...

(Scottie) Compliments...

(Joe) Pearls of wisdom...

**A:** You are all doing well at present. Unity to combat a threat will make all of you stronger.

**Q:** (L) So, alright then, and we thank you very much!

(Artemis) Thank you, son of Jor-El!

**A:** Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

