## August 10, 2019
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, The Lunar Module, Pikabu zee Cat

**Q:** (L) Are we ready? Today is August the 10th, 2019. [Review of those present]

**A:** Elaleia of Cassiopaea here. Be helpful to one another.

**Q:** (L) Is that a general statement of your orientation or a specific characteristic of tonight's session?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, back in July we went to Paris to this paranormal conference. Ark met this fellow who has put together this healing method, for lack of a better term. But he doesn't say that he does any healing. He says he just helps tune your body so that you do your own healing. He says it connects you to the information field so that you can acquire the information you need into your energy field so that healing takes place. He had some kind of strange name for the method... What was it?

(Chu) "Original Bioquantics"

(L) That's really weird. Anyhow, he admitted that it had nothing to do with quantum physics or quantum anything, but he didn't know what else to call it because it was so strange. So, since the guy is in Spain and his workshops are in Spanish, Chu went off to learn the technique. She came back with the information and some gadgets and walked us through the procedure, that is, me and Andromeda, so we could get a feel for what it is. After we witnessed it and played around with it a little bit, we came up with the idea that it should be renamed to something like Hyperdimensional Harmonic Optimization (H2O) because that seems to be what is really taking place. Obviously something is happening; the testimonials from practitioners were amazing and Chu witnessed some interesting results during her week there. Without going into more details about it now, we want to ask some questions. So, first of all, is this is a therapy that is worthwhile for us to pursue in terms of learning, practicing, experimenting, etc.?

**A:** Indeed, as you have felt some benefits already.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is the form that it's in right now good enough, or should we look to improve it?

**A:** Good idea!

**Q:** (L) Okay, so there are these little devices that are being used. First, the inventor was calling them filters because they're kind of like little round filters for a camera. They involve the use of little bits of gel film as used to be used in the early days of color photography. Then he decided that filters might not fit, and that he wanted to call them "tuners".

(Chu) Harmonizers.

(L) Harmonizers, okay. So what is it about these "filters" that makes them respond - that is, harmonize and detect or whatever they are doing?

**A:** It is not the "filters" it is the practitioner.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So theoretically the person could just use their hand, or does there need to be a device of some sort?

**A:** The "tuners" tune the practitioner.

**Q:** (L) Well, let's go through some of these questions that we have written down here. Then we'll come back to some other things. During the process of this procedure, does it in any way open the person up to any kind of negative influences hanging around or whatever?

**A:** Not really unless the person is a psycho with attached entities.

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(L) Okay, so the theory is that the process helps the person to connect to the information field so that some part of them can make choices to heal or improve or somehow change their life or whatever. The question is: At what level is the person's choice made at? Is it the subconscious taking over here, or is it the higher self, or what?

**A:** Not the subconscious which is more or less bound to and driven by the genetic body. In this process, it is at the interface between the spirit body and the hyperdimensional body as you have been calling it. Otherwise known as the 4D body in the process of growing.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So that's the part that makes the choice of what to work on.

(L) Okay. Now, part of the procedure, according to the inventor, involves feeding information into the field of the person at some distance from the body, which is kind of like what made me think of it as hyperdimensional. Having read Lethbridge's work on dowsing and how he had to increase distances to dowse into other dimensions... he kind of discovered this accidentally and it's a cool story. So, there are these images that are more or less waved around in the person's energy field at various distances, and he says that this consists of information being fed in, and there's a whole stack of them of the images. The practitioner uses a combination and dowsing and kinesiology to select the one that is appropriate for the individual to give them the information that they need. Then you apply it into the field with certain gestures. We looked at all of these pictures. They're just small photographs, most of them very ordinary, or even like nothing at all. We looked at a lot of them, and they seem to be almost random places all around the planet. In general, are these images and the information they contain safe?

**A:** The dowsing process insures the proper selection.

**Q:** (Joe) What's special about the pictures?

**A:** About any place on the planet has an energy signature that can be captured by photographs. Any person with a multiple incarnational history can respond to any number of such photos. In a large enough collection you are bound to get some hits. You can expand the photo collection yourselves.

**Q:** (Chu) So it's an energy signature that the hyperdimensional/spirit body is taking in. But why does that make you make different choices?

**A:** You can tune in to yourself in the past or future thus gaining insight or strength. Or it can simply be a "thought" of the cosmos.

**Q:** (L) So that's why you mentioned the multi-incarnational thing. If there's a photo of a place on the planet where you may have had some past life or future life or some energy signature that in some hyperdimensional way is somehow... relevant to you. Then that information can be given to you. So, for example if there's a picture of a place where you were or that was known to you in a past life or in a future life, the experiences of that life or whatever could be transmitted to you in a more dynamic way across the dimensional fields. Or what they were saying: It could be a thought of the cosmos. Maybe that place is just for... I mean, you've got neurons in your brain firing all the time. How do we know that the whole planet and all the biosphere and solar system... It may be some kind of big brain or something. Maybe that's just a little snippet of the brain of the cosmos.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So I'm on the right track there.

(Joe) That would suggest that it might be traumatic or unsettling for some people if they're tapping into dynamics or energies from a past life. It's not always going to be a pleasant experience.

**A:** Sometimes there are things that need resolution.

**Q:** (L) So sometimes you open up something that needs to be dealt with. It's not all sweetness and light.

(Chu) What about our question about how to make sure that you're not interfering as the practitioner?

(Andromeda) Yeah, how do you not influence the choosing of the spots or filters or the pictures?

**A:** That is possible. One way to train is by practicing with dowsing lost objects to sharpen your sensitivity.

**Q:** (L) Somebody who's not real sensitive could tend to overlay their imagining onto what they're doing. But a person who is sensitive and who has trained their sensitivity will be feeling what the body that they are working with is communicating to them and it will create a correct feedback.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) You have to practice separating yourself from it. And that's why I guess it's better to practice searching for lost objects because you get feedback from more or less neutral objects. Anything else?

(Joe) Where did this guy get the idea from?

**A:** Putting flashes of inspiration with knowledge acquired.

**Q:** (L) Well, I just have a problem with him being a vegetarian and stuff. (laughter) I mean, did he ever apply the method to himself and inquire what's the best thing for him to eat?

**A:** An example of a "physician" who does not take his own medicine.

**Q:** (Artemis) Didn't we get the inspiration for Éiriú Eolas from a guy who was a vegan?

(L) Yeah, that's true. So you can be a vegan and come up with ideas. Maybe it's because vegetables are more attuned to the Earth and its vibrations? I dunno.

(Pierre) We didn't ask where the flashes of inspiration came from.

(L) Why would we ask that? I mean, are we gonna try to narrow this down to STS or STO? Is that what we're going after?

(Pierre) Well, yeah.

(L) Why can't you just ask that question?

(Pierre) Well, there might be other forces. Is his inspiration STO and/or STS?

**A:** In Marcel's case, STO dominates his "flashes".

**Q:** (Andromeda) Okay, so I just want to make this clear. So what they said so far is that it's pretty safe to do, it can be improved upon a little bit, we can take new pictures, and the filters are okay to use as they are.

**A:** Yes, and eventually you won't need either filters or pictures. They are, in a sense, training wheels.

**Q:** (Chu) Would it be worth it to get the other filters and protocols?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is that true for anybody? Anybody can just do this procedure?

**A:** Like playing music or singing, some are more gifted than others.

**Q:** (PoB) Should the pictures be taken by us, or they can be found on the internet?

**A:** Take them yourselves. Some unusual photos that attract you strongly can be downloaded.

**Q:** (Joe) Leclerc parking lot! (laughter)

(Chu) Arky has to go take pictures when he rides his bike to the store!

(Pierre) Well, Arky already has thousands of pictures.

(Andromeda) Meteor showers. Or crystals. Lots of cool photos we could try.

(L) We might even come up with better pictures.

(Chu) What about pictures taken of the crystals that we charged?

(Artemis) That reminds me, we wanted to ask if playing recordings of our voices singing will charge the crystals.

(L) If we want to charge up another batch of crystals, can we record ourselves and then play the recording on a repeating loop on the crystals and make them supercharged that way?

**A:** Yes!!!

**Q:** (Artemis) So we can just leave it on repeat for like DAYS! (laughter)

(L) Well, we could just make the recording and people could download it or something and play it.

(Artemis) Do It Yourselves! Geez! (laughter)

(PoB) The first crystals in the world charged by YouTube videos.

(L) Oh... Our singing is just not that great.

(Andromeda) Only the crystals like it.

(L) We'd have to practice and sound good.

(Ark) We also want to know if the place where this procedure is being applied needs to be chosen with certain selection in mind because there are some places that are good and some places that have wrong vibration. Even inside the house, one place is good, and another is not. So, is it important, and if so, where?

(L) In other words, is it important to pick the place where you apply the therapy?

**A:** Moderately, but most calm places will do.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What about the orientation of the person's body? North and South?

**A:** Head to North is always good for such things.

[ -= INTERMISSION =- ]

**Q:** (L) Alright. You say that these little tuner things are like training wheels. In what sense are they like training wheels?

**A:** They manifest and/or connect to energies of a very subtle nature. Recall the experience of Lethbridge and the pentagram/triangle.

**Q:** (L) We'll have to look that up, but I remember it was weird. I think it's in Secret History or The Wave somewhere.

(Andromeda) So there really is something to the filters... A clear plastic disk with little jellies inside?

**A:** Color and composition.

**Q:** (Ark) Are there other known practices that so to say achieve similar results? Do people somewhere in the world practice something in a different way but essentially producing similar results to this procedure?

**A:** Traditional magnetizing by a gifted individual.

**Q:** (L) But it has to be a gifted one. It can't be just any old body!

(L) How does it work?

**A:** The main element is the use of the practitioner's system to help balance the patient. Done properly, the practitioner is a conduit. This energy engages with the information in the tuners and images.

**Q:** (L) The energy engages with the information in the tuners and images to do exactly what?

**A:** Transmit that information to the patient.

**Q:** (L) And what does that information...

(Pierre) It's a kind of rebalancing?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What information is in the tuner?

(L) Didn't they just say it was kinda like that business with Lethbridge? Does it matter that the pieces of gel move around in the filter tuners?

**A:** Yes important. The arrangement morphs!

**Q:** (Chu) Well, I guess we're gonna have to...

(L) I can't think of any other way to get to it. We're trying to talk about something that's hyperdimensional, and we don't even know how to go there.

(Joe) For some reason, the material in the tuners and the color acts as a receiver or conduit or something for information.

(L) Is it kind of like a sieve?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (L) So when you're moving it through the person's energy field, the configuration of the elements and the motion sieves out or combs the energy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it aligns the fibers of the energy field...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) ...in a specific way so that...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) ...they can receive information... I'm just pulling this out of my...

(L) You're channeling!

(Joe) Carry on. (laughter)

(L) So it's actually like when you put a magnet under a piece of paper with iron filings on it.

(Chu) That's how Marcel explained it. He had a box with screws in it.

(L) I guess when it's better aligned it's better able to pull in and pack more information.

(Pierre) It holds more by definition.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It helps organize. Okay...

(Joe) It's like having a bunch of receivers that are all aligned or pointed in the same direction. Whatever!

(Chu) Well, in the quantum body protocol, you have those tuners that are for organizing information that you supposedly have already. And the other ones - the clear ones - for receiving new information.

(Joe) You see, it's important. We're not just being nitpickers here. It's important for people involved in it to at least have a conceptual idea of what's happening - even if it's only very vague. Then you can kind of engage with it yourself and help it along.

(L) Well, that's kind of puzzled me. These little bits of gel in these tuners are just like floating around in there. They move around. So I guess the energy of the practitioner and the energy of the patient somehow interact to arrange them...

(Andromeda) And some of them are even shaped like triangles or rectangles in addition to being different colors.

(L) I remember, it was triangles that Lethbridge either drew or saw... I think he drew a pentagram or something to keep this witch away from his house. And then he woke up and there were triangles of fire at the foot of his bed; or maybe it was vice versa. It bounced back on her. Anyhow, there were triangles of fire involved somehow. So, the hyperdimensional view of this pentagram was a triangle of fire. It was something very different in another reality than what he could see. And I know that on a couple of occasions when I've had these visionary spells, it's like everything in this reality becomes living, moving light. You have no idea when you look at ordinary reality what a hyperdimensional view of that reality is.

(Chu) You saw the picture on the web site of the quantum body?

(L) Yeah.

(Chu) He showed a picture of a man standing, and it was all a bunch of little dots all around the body...

(Ark) This is something that we somehow neglected because he draws these pictures and he talks about these pictures. But what you learned until now has nothing to do with his getting pictures. So what about this getting pictures? It is higher level or something?

(Chu) You mean the images he got?

(Ark) How did he take these pictures? Will you be able to learn next time?

(L) Probably not.

(Chu) The only way would be to get him here and get him to explain it to you or something. Is he using the filters, or...

(Ark) The way that he talked to me and the way he puts it in his books... he is able to SEE somehow?

(L) So he has flashes of inspiration and he sees things.

(Ark) These things like Castaneda or whoever was seeing the...

(L) The flyers. Or the energetic body, the ball of light.

(Chu) He said he was using the filters and testing thousands of times.

(Scottie) Maybe he just kind of dowsed for the pictures in a sense.

(L) Okay, I'm getting tired. We're gonna have to wrap it up soon. Next question?

(Ark) Yes, is the moon partly hollow?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Is this theory of this Polish geologist about how the moon formed true?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Ark) Is his idea about earthquakes also partly true?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Okay. Can quantum theory be derived from General Relativity?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Ark) Oh my goodness! I'm done. I'm depressed. (laughter) So what should I do? I was working for four years on doing that?! And now you say it cannot be done? What should I do?

(Artemis) He's lost. Help him!

(Ark) Please?

**A:** Keep trying. It will lead to unexpected discoveries.

**Q:** (Ark) I'm done.

(L) Can we get a fan that blows over here? I'm getting REAL hot...

(Artemis) Oh yeah, that's great...

(Scottie) Aaaah!

(L) Now... What was it that you wanted to ask, Niall?

(Niall) Current events questions. What caused the blackout in the UK?

**A:** Sabotage.

**Q:** (Niall) Is that the same people who did the sabotage in Argentina?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Geez. Why would they want to target the UK?

**A:** Create chaos.

**Q:** (Niall) They're nuts. Was there more than one shooter involved in the Texas shooting?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Standard operating procedure.

**A:** Yes Greenbaum type programming. We have discussed this before and are surprised that you have forgotten.

**Q:** (Joe) We haven't forgotten. I guess we don't need to ask questions like that anymore.

(Niall) What happened to the Russian navy submarine that blew up in July?

**A:** Sabotage.

**Q:** (Scottie) I think the answer to all those is: sabotage.

(L) We want to know what happened to Pierre the other day when he fainted?

**A:** In case you did not notice, a great wave of negative energy circled the planet over the past few days, affecting those who are vulnerable due to lack of awareness.

**Q:** (Artemis) What happened?

(Andromeda) There was all kinds of stuff like multiple shootings and...

(Artemis) Yeah, but why and from who?

**A:** General chaos generated from 4D STS sources.

**Q:** (L) Okay, are we done?

(Artemis) Wait, wait, wait! I have a question! On the subject of past lives, is it possible for a person to remember past lives that belong to family members and to think of them as their own?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Is it due to like genetic memory maybe?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Also could be like psychic closeness... tuning in.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Is there an optimal time for people to pray?

**A:** Early morning before dawn.

**Q:** (L) Just before, or as the sun rises?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Why is that time preferable?

**A:** Energy of Earth has quieted and there is a gap just before the energy of the sun returns.

**Q:** (L) So there's like a gap that you can escape through into the cosmos.

(Artemis) So it's kind of like the internet. When everyone's sleeping, the internet is faster!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Is there such a thing as the Ashkenazi genetic profile?

**A:** Yes, but it isn't Semitic.

**Q:** (Pierre) Yes! What are the origins of this genetic profile?

**A:** Ask another time after doing homework. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

