# 2020
## February 22, 2020
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Gaby, Niall, The Lunar Module, Princess Leia, Pikabu zee Cat

**Q:** (L) This is the 22nd of February 2020. So that's a 2-2-0-2-2-0-2-0. Those are good numbers. We have the usual crew here. [Review of those present]

**A:** Hello to children of future.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Roialiaea for your understanding.

[Personal questions redacted.]

**Q:** (L) Alright. General questions? OH! I do want to make a comment. Last session, we were told that things were gonna get really wild and hairy in the new year. And boy did things just kinda blow up in the first couple of weeks! There was the assassination of Soleimani and then the appearance of this new coronavirus and the shoot-down on a plane after the assassination of Soleimani. It's really bizarre that they used the word "chills" with all these people coming down with this virus and getting really severe fevers and chills...

**A:** More to come!

**Q:** (L) You mean there's more craziness to come this year?

(Artemis) It's gonna get way weirder!

**A:** Oh indeed! You ain't seen nothing yet!

**Q:** (L) Oh boy. (laughter)

(Joe) Give us a percentage of the coronavirus becoming a REAL pandemic in the sense of global and LOTS of people dying.

**A:** Low.

**Q:** (Joe) That's what I thought. It's something else.

(L) But that doesn't mean that there's not another one waiting in the wings that's really serious.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) It's just a precursor to the plague.

(L) It's just getting us warmed up.

(Andromeda) It's the movie trailer! (laughter)

(L) I have some questions about this Soleimani thing. I was really, REALLY upset with Trump about this Soleimani assassination. I mean, that guy seemed like such a nice guy! He looked like a nice guy!

(Joe) He had a funny eye.

(L) Didn't he?

(Joe) But was he?

(L) Well, the question is was he a really nice guy? I guess that's not a question I should ask. That's a value judgment. Uh...

(PoB) Nice for friends, not nice for enemies.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, the thing that I thought about it because of Iran's really lukewarm response to the whole thing... I mean, that's the kind of thing that starts freaking wars! Archduke Franz Ferdinand's assassination started World War I!! Anyway... So here we get this guy assassinated and we didn't get WW III already. So, that made me suspicious. And then they had this little response that was like milquetoast.

(Pierre) It was scripted all along.

(L) Yeah, like it was scripted...

**A:** Back room deal.

**Q:** (L) So are you saying that Trump and the Iranians had a backroom deal to take out this guy Soleimani because the Iranians may have actually wanted him gone?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (PoB) Which Iranians?

(Joe) Rouhani and the Ayatollah.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So was it decided upon from Trump's perspective as a kind of gift to keep the Israelis happy?

(L) He got to make a grand gesture for his warmongering Deep State and appease Israel, and Iran got rid of somebody that they were getting more and more afraid of.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But still, I don't think the Ayatollahs were the good guys. So maybe he was a good guy. I mean, come on! Those people (Muslims) make women wear...

(Joe) Well... Not the ayatollahs, but...

**A:** Now now! Don't judge a book...

**Q:** (laughter) (Joe) Why was the Ukrainian plane shot down? Was it actually a mistake?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Was it something along the lines that we theorized? The missile system was fooled?

**A:** The systems were co-opted by nefarious agents.

**Q:** (Joe) And would that be Mossad?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Our favorite spy group.

(Niall) Does that mean then that the same elements in the Iranian regime that made a deal to take out Soleimani helped to cover it up?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Right. They didn't want a big to-do about it. The point wasn't to start any kind of conflict.

(L) Was anybody important on that plane?

(Joe) Not really.

(PoB) Was there anything hiding behind the plane?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Okay, next topic? Is the new coronavirus:

A) an American or Chinese-engineered virus, like an ethnic-specific weapon

B) from outer space

C) just a natural progression of viral evolution and/or mutation

(Andromeda) Or:

D) a combination because of this vaccine that got out of control and it mutated on its own

**A:** D

**Q:** (L) So they were messing around making vaccines, and something got loose...

(Artemis) IT GOT OUT! (laughter)

(Gaby) It's like the start of a bad movie.

(Andromeda) And then once it got out, it mutated.

(L) And there ya go.

(Niall) Does that then explain the Chinese response to it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They're worried about it, but it's not gonna go anywhere.

(L) They're worried that it could further mutate and cause a real pandemic, but the odds are low.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Next topic. Oh, there was this weird video that Niall found. It was really weird.

[Cosmic phenomenon? Strange waves pulse through cloud in skies over northwestern Syria](https://www.sott.net/article/429423-Ripples-in-sky-over-Syria-prompt-speculation-about-electromagnetic-weapons)

(Niall) It's a video shown a couple of weeks ago supposedly somewhere south of Aleppo. That's near the big war zone in Idlib. It's looking up in the sky fixed on a cloud and there are like waves rippling up through the cloud.

**A:** We told you long ago that there is a large portal over the Middle East. This was a breaching of the realm curtain.

**Q:** (L) So... Was something coming in, or getting out of here?

**A:** Coming in!

**Q:** (Artemis) Something came in... Prepare for the worst!

(Chu) Something like what?

**A:** We told you that there would be strange cosmic phenomena!

**Q:** (Pierre) They didn't say what was coming in.

(L) I guess we have to wait and see.

(Joe) It was the Kraken. Godzilla!

**A:** Paying close attention helped you spot this. Wait for more and observe results and effects.

**Q:** (Artemis) So let's see what happens next.

(L) Things are getting nutty, ya know? It's getting really weird. So, just as a little reminder to myself about what it is that we're supposed to be doing... (laughter)

**A:** FRV modulation and synching!

**Q:** (L) So in other words, we're supposed to be modulating our FRV - i.e. our receivership capability - by work on the self, and synchronizing with all of the members of the group in order to... what?

**A:** Anchor the frequency of the new reality.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, there are a number of possible new realities and it depends on either... Okay, is it that a group can anchor a frequency and thereby determine the template of the new reality for all?

**A:** Not exactly. Determines which branch you will move to.

**Q:** (L) So anchoring a frequency as a group in a sense is not exactly like creating the new reality... It's more like choosing. Is that it?

**A:** Yes yes yes

**Q:** (L) So it's all a question of choice. What reality do you want to experience? And therefore you modify your FRV or you get into association with others of the FRV you think is the right one or desirable or whatever. And then you all start vibrating together. Well, in this Reality Transfer book we just read, he talks about these pendulums and what you are saying sounds sort of like what he describes as a pendulum. He doesn't talk about what they are, but he thinks that all pendulums are bad or evil .

**A:** He is wrong. Dead wrong.

**Q:** (L) So some of these pendulum-type attractors can be good?

**A:** Essential in fact. One must choose.

**Q:** (L) Well, choosing makes me think of what the Apostle Paul was saying when he talked about making... I mean, basically what it amounted to was making your choices based on the unseen world or on unseen realities. In a funny sort of way, today I had like a little realization because I was trying to understand why for Paul, the death of his Christ or the crucifixion was THE most important thing. For him it was the death, not the resurrection. It finally occurred to me that the reason it was so important was because - and this is according to Paul - his Christ went to his death with absolute faith even in the face of everything being wrong and against him. The way it's depicted in the Gospel of Mark, not only did the disciples not understand, not only is he abused, tortured, and rejected by literally everybody... I mean, everybody flees from him in the Gospel of Mark, which is the first gospel. Everybody. There are no women at the cross. There are no supporters. There's nobody. He did that willingly - the way it's depicted, and it's an allegory - because his faith in the unseen necessity and the other world and what would happen after the death was so strong he could and would do it. It was a matter of this faith that what was unseen was more real and lasting that the seen reality. Am I right? Seeing the unseen is the key?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So Paul was concerned with restoring humanity to the Edenic state. He uses the symbol as one man, the First Adam, and death came to all. And then by one man life came to all. It struck me that the possibility... Well, what the C's have said is that when the Fall happened, it happened to everyone. It wasn't just like one person. It happened to everyone. So it seems to me that this primal man that is Adam is a representation of all. It's not just one man that caused everybody to go kaflooey. And they've said that it was the female energy consorted with the STS reality. Is that what we're looking at here, only the reversal of the process? In other words, a group of people that have that kind of faith that in the face of everything being literally awful as it is in our world today, that they still have faith in the other reality, they still have faith in doing good, doing right, being loving, that they do not buy into the whole Darwinian materialistic thing, and basically they don't believe those lies and by those means they are able to, at a certain point in time that Paul called the culmination of the ages, be restored to this Edenic state... in other words a 4D STO reality. Am I interpreting that correctly?

**A:** Oh that was beautiful!! We are impressed!

**Q:** (L) Well la-dee-da! So that's basically what the anchoring of the frequency is about. And that's part of the interior state that people have to be in in order to anchor that frequency - to have that kind of faith. It's not where you are, but who you are and what you see? Even in the face of everything being against your ideas, against what you think, against what you've figured out...

(Joe) Even things inside you being against you. The internal fight. You have faith that doing what it doesn't like that you will kind of achieve something worth having.

(Andromeda) Right.

(Joe) It's internally and externally at the same time.

(L) So it's not faith IN Jesus as Ashworth points out. It's faith OF Jesus that sets the example. And the example was put in a metaphor of the story of this crucifixion or death, but the metaphor represents basically the crucifixion of every person. They're crucified inside and outside because they are faced with this reality that rejects their consciousness, their more or less divine connection, their spiritual connection. They say that everything is just random mutations and random evolution, and that's wrong. That's the Big Lie.

**A:** Yes. We can retire now!

**Q:** (laughter) (Niall) That's something Laura would say. Hmm...

(Artemis) That was YOU speaking! (laughter)

**A:** We are you at another level.

**Q:** (L) Anybody have any other questions?

(Artemis) Do you guys want to ask about Jordan Peterson? Do you even care about him anymore?

(L) Yes we do. We're very sorry, but...

(Niall) He made a mistake.

(Joe) And they mentioned suffering before. I think he's learned a lot.

(Joe) In line with your analogy of Adam and the original Fall and stuff, how many souls fell?

(L) With that event?

(Joe) Yeah, was it a finite number?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) I would say it was more like a group of them created a situation that set a trap and then began reproducing and attracting more and more into the trap. It just became like... a black hole.

(Joe) Yeah, that's what I mean, but like an original...

(L) An original group?

(Joe) Yeah. In a certain sense, flipping it around like you have a group now being a vanguard of the new reality and leading in a certain sense, or like they said in the last session about saving other people... Spreading information...

(L) So in other words, how many souls were existing at 4D STO reality who at that moment... I think they... No, they didn't. We never asked that question.

(Joe) It's probably a lot more complicated than that. I was thinking that it doesn't change, ya know what I mean? That it's...

(L) The thing is, it could actually literally have been a couple who created the...

(Joe) Started the ball rolling...

(L) Just as it could be one person who could set an example who could start the ball rolling the other way. So, even though we understand these things as metaphors, there can certainly be a very concrete reality to all of it, ya know?

(Joe) Yeah.

(L) Alright then. We'll say goodnight unless you have anything to add.

**A:** Keep the faith all! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

