## October 10, 2020
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, the Lunar Module, Princess Leia

**Q:** (L) Alright...

**A:** Hello children of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Nighhillaea of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) Well, I forgot to enumerate our people. Today is 10-10-2020, and we have all the usual suspects [review of those present]. Alright. It's been awhile, and we've been very very busy as you know.

(Artemis) They want to speak...

**A:** It will turn out well. Worry not. All major transitions are fraught and chaotic.

**Q:** (L) Well, as long as you don't mean transitions off the planet...

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) So, that I'm assuming is referring to Ark and his condition?

**A:** Yes and so much more yet to come yet on your plane.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody want to ask any specific questions?

(Pierre) I would like to ask about Arky. Is his current condition a consequence of the viral infection that was alluded to back in December last year?

**A:** Partly as a trigger.

**Q:** (L) Is he going to achieve complete remission?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) When we asked earlier in the year if he had cancer, the answer was no. Then apparently something happened between then and now. Were there any other factors involved in that?

**A:** Development and trigger.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that it developed AFTER that question was asked?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Are you also saying that that's the trigger you were referring to - that the trigger of the Covid operated over that period of time?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Was there anything else that happened during that period of time?

**A:** Recall our previous remarks about weapons that can cause heart attacks? Consider failure of same on some occasions that included dispersal of energies. There were numerous cardiac events on that date due to this factor.

**Q:** (L) Are you saying that somebody was playing around with one of these satellite beam-type weapons and it sort of like misfired?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is that what happened the night Ark had that attack when he felt something popping in his heart?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And that there were other people at the same time who were having cardiac events as a result of the same energy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) How come Arky was particularly vulnerable to it?

**A:** He was a lot less susceptible than others!!!

**Q:** (Chu) Were you referring to the recent episode? By then, the lymphoma was already there. I don't understand.

(L) We don't know that it was.

(Chu) Well, that would have been only 10 or 12 days...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) What about the mass they discovered three days later in the heart? That would have been sudden.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) He said he felt a popping sensation, and Gaby said the interior of the mass was already necrotic.

(Andromeda) He had started having symptoms a couple of days before he felt the pop, and that's when he went down to get his blood work done.

(Chu) Blood work was before. The pop was 24 hours later.

(Andromeda) Well, remember that before he had it done and his BNP was high but his troponins were fine. Then after he felt the pop, he went back in and that's when his troponins had shot up and we figured that was the result of the pop. That was just a couple of days later, and that's when we took him to the hospital.

(L) And the end result was that despite all of that crazy stuff, they still say that he didn't have a heart attack and that he has not sustained any cardiac damage.

(Pierre) If I understand correctly, the growth was the result of this...

(L) Was the growth the result of this energy dispersal like triggering the Covid business?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Mineral oil canister! I want this canister of mineral oil. I'm asking for it already two weeks and no one cares.

(Chu) Niall had to order it. It'll be coming soon.

(Niall) It's coming tomorrow.

(Andromeda) So basically this weapon that was beaming acted on him. But instead of just acting on the heart, it dispersed and created different growths in different parts of him.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) You know something? Didn't Pierre-Paul have a heart attack on the same day?

(Andromeda) It was about the same time.

(Joe) What day are we talking about here?

(Andromeda) It wasn't a heart attack...

(Joe) An aortic dissection. But we don't know the date that he had that. He didn't say the date.

(Andromeda) But when you saw his thingy, he said it had been a couple of weeks.

(Joe) What do they mean that he was a lot less susceptible than others?

(Artemis) Yeah, that's what I was wondering.

**A:** His intrinsic nature and makeup is a powerful shield.

**Q:** (L) You mean like his DNA and...?

**A:** Yes and psychic.

**Q:** (Artemis) Was this 'heart attack ray' configured to target a specific type of person?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) And Arky just happened to fit the bill? He had a similar energetic frequency or something?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Pierre) What kind of person is this ray supposed to attack?

**A:** With higher abilities.

**Q:** (Artemis) So they're targeting people with potential to...

(Joe) But they didn't say that it was... It was specifically targeted then at Arky.

(Chu) Not at Arky.

(Joe) So, some kind of blanket...

(L) Was it specifically targeted at him?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) But it was specifically targeted at someone?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Someone who had some vague similarities to Arky.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it was a blanket... a wide ray.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) The target was in France?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Was it somewhere near where we live?

**A:** Not so much.

**Q:** (Joe) A wide area.

(Pierre) We cannot ask who was the target, right?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Artemis) Can we ask if we keep it a secret? (laughter)

(L) They know we don't keep secrets!

(Artemis) They don't tell us the good stuff because of that.

(L) When they say, "higher abilities", it could mean academic... Could it be academic, which would mean doctors and so forth?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And that's because those are the ones that are more likely to say things against the whole Covid lockdown?

**A:** Yes!!

**Q:** (Pierre) Is it Didier Raoult?

(Joe) The long-haired Marseille doctor who was speaking out.

**A:** Among others. But like Ark, many of them have defense mechanisms.

**Q:** (L) Anything else about that?

(Andromeda) Did they get the person they were after?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Artemis) YAY!

(L) Okay, this chemo... I mean, it seems to me that the chemo is like what the I Ching said: it's the outside intervention that we would not be particularly happy about, but that would help a lot. Is that what was meant?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It obviously has unpleasant side effects, and are we going to be able to manage those effectively?

**A:** With current adjunct therapies and future methods, yes.

**Q:** (L) So, things like the Revici protocol, the infrared sauna, ozone therapy...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) This mass in Arky's heart, is it cancerous?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) It better be, because the therapy won't work against it if it isn't!

(Joe) They're all lymphomas, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Maybe I shouldn't ask this, but is chemotherapy the only effective treatment for lymphoma like Arky has?

**A:** Under the circumstances prevailing, yes.

**Q:** (Joe) As in, it's a bit late to be looking at something else...

(L) Yeah, you don't have time. Alright. Shall we move on to other topics, or do you have something to ask, Honey?

(Artemis) Well, we have our paper with questions.

(L) Okay, what do we want to ask about the pandemic?

(Joe) Why did Sweden not act in lockstep with pretty much everyone else in terms of lockdown and the fear mongering and controls? Why did they get a pass? Why were they ABLE to not follow the mandate?

**A:** Just wait!

**Q:** (Joe) Really?!

(L) Oh dear...

(Pierre) I would like to get a feel of what the population thinks about those lies. For example, in France, what percentage of people do NOT believe the Covid lies and narratives?

**A:** 62

**Q:** (L) 62 percent do not believe it.

(Joe) That doesn't mean they're gonna do something about it.

(L) I'd say it's probably about the same in a lot of places. That's more than half, but there's still a BIG chunk of people that buy into it.

(Artemis) Has there ever been a virus released that had a similar effect to Covid-19 in the past?

(L) You mean created and released by humans? Covid is not a really spectacular virus.

(Artemis) Yeah, I know, but it can also cause DNA changes.

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Are there viruses that have effects on DNA?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Yeah, that's obvious. Of course.

(L) Did Trump actually have Covid?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is Joe Biden suffering from senile dementia?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, here's the $64,000 question: Is Trump going to win the election?

(Joe) We asked that last time!

(Andromeda) They said yes.

(Joe) They said there's a very good chance.

(L) Are his chances getting better?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) How likely is it that there will be some major public chaos or civil chaos if Trump wins?

**A:** Very likely and will lead to martial law.

**Q:** (Joe) Imposed by Trump.

(Pierre) Yeah.

(Joe) So he's going to fulfill the role that they have given him of dictator! But is a lot of the chaos...

(L) One suspects that it may have been planned that way: he's being driven into the corner by all of the events in order to do what they want him to do.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Will a lot of the chaos in a certain sense be artificially induced?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Like paid groups out in the streets wrecking the place...

(L) But they're working people up. They're making people completely helpless and unhappy with the lockdowns. Then all of those people are having all of that anger and frustration building up inside of them. They're just powder kegs waiting to be ignited.

(Joe) We've seen that already with the Black Lives Matter protests not just in the USA but also in the UK. There were massive protests during lockdown that were allowed! It was like, "No lockdown for you guys." And they went into the streets partially because of the lockdown.

(L) He's the perfect fall guy. Honey, you have questions.

(Ark) Yes. This is science. Two questions of the same kind. Here I have a little book. It's letters about absolute parallelism, 1929 to 1932, letters between Elie Cartan and Albert Einstein. The key word is absolute parallelism. This book has 232 pages. Letters, exchanges... Is there any particular page that I should pay special attention to?

**A:** 132

**Q:** (Ark) Second question: This sheet of paper is from a little book. The title is Geometry of Absolute Parallelism. This book has 132 pages. Is there any particular page in this 132 pages that I should pay particular attention to?

**A:** 71

**Q:** (Ark) I'm done.

(Joe) You have 2 pages to read.

(Pierre) Instead of 300!

(Scottie) I'm gonna read romance novels that way!

(Joe) Can we have that for every important book? (laughter)

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) They're only helping Ark because he's weak.

(Joe) Yeah.

(Pierre) And then he's gonna read the whole book anyway, but he'll pay special attention to those pages I suppose.

(L) What's on page 132?

(Chu) I was just checking to make sure it wasn't a blank page. (laughter) It's full of equations!

(Ark) Elie Cartan is writing in French. Einstein is either replying in German or in English. I'm not sure because it may be translation from German. I'm not sure Elie Cartan knew German.

(Joe) There's a new UFO documentary that Tucker Carlson was talking about on his show. It has a bunch of current and previous senators, bipartisan, who are interviewed in it about the UFO phenomenon. They're all straight up about how yes, there's something real to this and things are being hidden. It follows on the heels of those military tic-tac videos that were released. Is this building up to some kind of disclosure in the near future?

**A:** Near enough. But other events may intervene.

**Q:** (L) So, that doesn't mean immediately near, but...

(Joe) Other events will push that off the front pages.

(Andromeda) Wow. Gotta be something pretty major!

(Joe) So, martial law in the USA will be short-lived, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Why do you think that?

(Joe) Just to put the National Guard out to quell the riots...

(L) I don't think Trump is inclined to be a dictator, but he'd do what needs to be done to restore order.

(Joe) He threatened it once already during the Black Lives Matter protests. He's already set the scene.

(L) But think that whatever he does, he's not gonna get the USA out of the karmic hole it's already in.

(Pierre) Too far gone.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) What is flabbergasting to me is that the polls and the mainstream media claimed four years ago all the same numbers in terms of Clinton vs Trump. Now, they say Biden is leading, Trump is gonna lose. They didn't learn ANYTHING. They keep using the same lies and propaganda. They're gonna look ridiculous once again.

(Joe) Since this Covid thing has progressed, the lockdowns have continued, businesses are being destroyed, and governments are continuing to push ahead with it despite all evidence that there's no reason for it, have a lot of them kinda been told that... What I'm thinking about here is way back in 2003, Tony Blair got on board with the Iraq thing for no good reason. They said the reason was that he was promised a seat on the Rapture Train. It suggests he was given some inside info about future events. So, a lot of them have been brought in...

(L) They know that this is all going on and there'll be a lot of death and destruction. They're padding their own...

(Joe) Yeah, so my question is: Have a lot of government leaders been given information about upcoming events that...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So they know that there probably is more likely to be an Ice Age, cometary impacts, earth changes, death, destruction, disease...

(Joe) Food shortages, mass immigration, chaos... Otherwise, how can you keep those people on board to destroy their own reputations, countries, and economies? There has to be a compelling reason for them to continue to do that.

(Andromeda) But they're not even afraid of repercussions...

(L) They KNOW something's coming.

**A:** Yes and so do you and some few others. Enjoy the show!

**Q:** (L) Well, we're trying really hard to enjoy the show. People are enjoying their romantic fiction and getting their emotional centers sorted out - at least some of them are, not everybody. But I think with persistence, that little reading exercise is going to help a lot of people. Is there anything else that we can do for our group in these trying times??

**A:** Consider crystal protection for travel and supplementary spaces.

**Q:** (L) You mean like the crystals we charged to put in all of our vehicles?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What's a supplementary space?

(L) Any special places in the house, like a home office or somewhere you spend a lot of time. Something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So we have these crystals that we already charged for travel protection. I guess we could offer them to group members to have a crystal in their vehicle, attach it to their bicycle, in their offices... Is that what you mean?

**A:** Yes. The more the better.

**Q:** (L) Do we need to select each one personally?

**A:** No. The batch you have prepared is ideal for the purpose, as they are, indiscriminately.

**Q:** (L) So people could take them and even make jewelry out of them.

(Andromeda) Wherever they spend a lot of time.

(L) Yeah, wherever they spend a lot of time: in the kitchen, or...

**A:** Yes. Create a network of psychic light now that all those who asked have been served with the basic protection.

**Q:** (L) What is psychic light?

**A:** Connected directly at higher level where space and time are variable and selective.

**Q:** (L) So, people who have more crystals are more connected. They're connected at another level where there's really not the space or time distance between them. So everybody who has the charged crystals is more or less connected directly at some level. Is that it?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Close enough. Alright, any other questions? We covered the list. Alright, we'll just thank you for being with us. Is there anything you need to warn us about or something we haven't asked?

**A:** Just stay calm and patient. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

(L) Calm and patient. Yeah...

(Andromeda) Yeah, sounds so easy!

(Joe) One thing I was thinking of was that we don't KNOW how bad it can get, but us and a lot of group members have a lot of family members spread out.

(L) They could be connected to their family members with crystals.

(Joe) I'm just thinking because that's one thing that would...

(L) You don't even have to tell the family anything about it. Just tell them it's a protection crystal, and put it on top of the TV or something.

(Joe) Group members could get themselves in trouble or in danger if they traveled somewhere to try to lend support to family and friends that were in trouble.

(L) Yeah, I think it's just gonna be a rough time. There's just no getting around it, so... We were warned about it YEARS in advance. We've had all this time to prepare for it. Here it is now. We've gotta look at it, deal with, and live through it as peacefully and calmly as possible. The C's said that things will change. So they were right about it coming... Let's hope they're also right about the change part!!

