## July 4, 2020
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, Scottie, Gaby, Niall, the Lunar Module, Noko the Wonderdog

**Q:** (L) Today is the 4th of July 2020. [Review of those present] So, hello.

**A:** Hello good people. Much turmoil ahead yet. Dark forces do not give up so easily.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Paikiaea!

**Q:** (L) Is that turmoil going to affect us directly here?

**A:** Very little as you are. But do not let your guard down. Strategic enclosure to the max.

**Q:** (Joe) In what way?

(Artemis) Don't kick the hornet's nest.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Do things calmly, serenely, or just walk away. Be very gentle, because crazy forces are acting through people.

**A:** Reduce agitation. It is mostly useless at this point.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So, they're talking about... our political activism?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Like, uh, Twitter?

(Chu) Facebook.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Are you guys doing something that's gonna make them break down the door and then say you have coronavirus?

(L) No.

(Andromeda) What about SOTT? Should we be more toned down on SOTT, or is it alright as it is?

**A:** Tone down slightly.

**Q:** (Artemis) Well, what do they mean? We're so used to SOTT being SOTT...

(Joe) Is that specifically in reference to the coronavirus business and stuff that's come from that?

**A:** Yes. The virus is the stick at the moment.

**Q:** (L) As in "stick and carrot".

(Andromeda) Okay, that's the hornet's nest, not the kick.

(L) So, if we keep calling them all liars, that's not good. We can publish studies and stuff that point out that they're liars, but us coming out and directly antagonizing them might not be such a good idea.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well... One thing I was wondering about: It bothers me because I see Putin going along with the whole coronavirus thing, and it just really bugs me.

**A:** Imagine if he didn't!

**Q:** (Artemis) Yeah, I was thinking that it's a mask.

(Andromeda) It's strategic.

(L) So, if he claimed it was all a lie, there are people in his own country that would say he doesn't care about people. The way they've got this virus worked up as such a bugaboo, I mean... It would make him look bad. That's probably why Trump's going along with it. It would make him look bad, too. It would give their enemies leverage against them, and they'd look bad in the eyes of all the brainwashed people who are under the control of the media and terrified by a microbe.

**A:** Remember the secret correspondence between Kennedy and Kruschev.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, the leader of Russia and the leader of the USA still have a lot of forces arrayed against them within their own countries.

(Niall) They have to act a certain strategic way.

(Artemis) There are a lot of people that don't actually believe what's going on, but they're just putting on a show because they have to do what they have to do. They're trying to accomplish something.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) When they say that dark forces do not give up so easily, does that mean they're not about to give up the control measures that have been implemented and the power that they've accrued to themselves as a result of the virus?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And anybody who complains too much about it would get in trouble?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Pierre) Not giving up so easily, it suggests as well that they're going to lose this power.

(Artemis) Yeah, it's about their wishful thinking. It's kind of inevitable what's going to happen, but they just refuse to see it.

**A:** They will go too far as usual and all will come crashing down. But it will take some time. Be patient and circumspect.

**Q:** (Andromeda) In the meantime, we just kinda gotta...

(L) Live through it! Because boy, it's just terrible. Okay. Um... Let me ask about my book. I finished my book. Following the clues and the guidance and doing 10 years worth of research - even more than that actually, but probably concentrated it would probably be 10 years of constant work - did I draw the right conclusions?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I mean, I made the best argument I could make, but there wasn't a whole helluva lot to work with.

**A:** History has been rewritten so many times, it is a wonder you were able to pick out the right pieces and put them together! But that was your destiny and task.

**Q:** (L) Well, I feel a huge relief having done it. There's more work to do, but that's like a major piece of it. Alright, anybody else got questions?

(Artemis) I have a question about something strange. I dunno if you guys saw it, but in 2012 there was video footage captured of something approaching the sun and sucking something out of it. It was like something made of pure darkness, and then it just flew away. Was that like real footage of something real that approached the sun and sucked something out of it?

**A:** Misinterpreted. Any charged body that approaches the sun will encounter a reaction.

**Q:** (Pierre) I have a question about charges and discharges. The Malta Ruts suggest material removal. Were they caused by upward electric discharges?

**A:** Downward. Conducted.

**Q:** (L) Anything else? Honey, you've got questions?

(Ark) Yes. Two questions. First question is goes back to December 1998. Twenty-two years ago, I was asking about gravity and Kaluza-Klein theory and multidimensional universes. I was told I was on the right track. I asked whether I missed something, and the answer was, "You did not miss anything. You have not yet found something." And then I asked what was it, and the answer was: tetrahedron. And it didn't fit any of my ideas. Tetrahedron is a geometric figure, a solid body in 3 dimensions. And I didn't ask then what the meaning of the tetrahedron was related to gravity. But now I really would like to know whether it is really a tetrahedron in our space, or a symbolic expression that there are four of something - but of what? Can I have some explanation after 22 years? I'm slow, yeah?

(Joe) Well, you waited long enough, so you should get an answer!

**A:** Tetrahedron in 3D is what in 4D?

**Q:** (Ark) Tetrahedron in 3D is what in 4D...

**A:** Lethbridge.

**Q:** (Pierre) Coral castle.

(Joe) No, pendulums.

(Ark) The magnetic something?

(Joe) He adjusted the length of pendulums to dowse into different dimensions.

(Andromeda) He was drawing pentagrams and they were triangles in another dimension.

(Gaby) I think it was pentagons that he drew in 3rd density, and that was triangles in 4th density.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) What is this Lethbridge? It's a book that I should look at?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) We have it. It's a short book.

(Ark) Alright, I will look and try to figure it out. Second question of a similar kind... It goes back to 24th of July 1999. I was again asking about theories of gravity and how to expand the theory of gravity because gravity is so important. Then, there was a unexpected combination of words which was, "octagonal complexigram". That was the answer. And I have no idea... I mean, complexigram, I have an idea. There are complex numbers, right? So complex numbers, it probably has to do with...

**A:** Double tetrahedron in 3D is hexagon in 4D.

**Q:** (Ark) But here it was octagonal, and not hexagonal.

(Artemis) I have a question. Other than things that we can assume like old age and weather, what's wrong with our doggies? Why are they all getting sick one after another?

**A:** Age mostly. Plus changes in Earth frequency. Keep close watch.

**Q:** (Ark) I want to ask an additional question because you mentioned 4D. Is this 4D space plus time, or is it space plus extra space dimension that has nothing to do with time?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (Pierre) An extra question about the Malta Ruts. The downward discharge was electrons?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Would it be fair to say that the turmoil ahead will be mostly centered in the USA and UK?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) How's France going to fare?

**A:** Moderate.

**Q:** (L) So, the US and the UK are in their...

(Joe) The UK are mostly...

(L) They're basically in their hysterical cycle.

(Joe) The UK is a particular center of evil the way they're dragging out the lockdown.

(L) Europe already had its cycle of hysteria before the war.

(Joe) Yeah, but the UK was involved in that.

(L) It was involved in that, but it wasn't the trigger of it. It was the European actions and activities that caused all that stuff and then dragged them in.

(Joe) There's a particularly evil clique in the UK.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They like to persecute people. They're a bunch of sadists, basically. When mostly everybody else in Europe has kinda let it go to a large extent, somebody in the UK is really...

(L) They're just hammering it!

(Joe) Pin those people down. Stick the knife in. They're desperate to keep control.

(L) Seems so.

(Artemis) Do you want to ask about the phenomenon you heard when we were charging the crystals?

(L) Oh yeah! We finished charging a whole new batch of crystals. When we started out, we were all in a very bad voice. Andromeda and I were still recovering from all that virus business that affected our lungs and throats, and it took us a number of days to even start to be able to breathe properly and sound normal. But then at certain points once we had gotten our mojo back, there were times when we were singing and I would hear other voices joining in. Was I actually hearing other voices?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What were those voices?

**A:** 4D STO support for charging magnification.

**Q:** (L) Were those voices that I was hearing coming from our throats, or from the air around us?

**A:** Your voices enhanced.

**Q:** (Chu) That's like what they said about your voice when you were doing EE, remember?

(L) What about it?

(Chu) That your voice carried more than what could be heard.

(L) Well, this went to the point that we could actually hear it.

(Andromeda) And I could feel it. Is this the same thing that was causing the sensation I was having of vibration like we were singing inside a bell?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) I could physically feel it. It was like a vibration almost. You could feel an echo.

(Chu) And you didn't record any?

(L) No, we did it live every time.

(Joe) Maybe you should ask if you can get that kind of help for karaoke? (laughter)

(Artemis) I'm sure they've helped with karaoke sometimes. Have you helped with karaoke sometimes?

**A:** If you would go about karaoke in the proper manner, you would indeed have connections forming and "celestial" voices would join in!!

**Q:** (Joe) What is the proper manner?

**A:** Right music, warm up, leave aside ego and sing for unification and simple beauty and emotion.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Would we even need the karaoke machine? Well, I suppose it's helpful. We could just sing hymns together...

(L) So we need to more carefully select songs and begin with warm-up songs.

(Chu) And songs that EVERYBODY can sing.

(L) Yeah, songs that people can all sing together.

(Artemis) Would you like to suggest to us songs that we can sing?

**A:** You all can sort that out.

**Q:** (Ark) There are too many songs.

**A:** Simple melodies.

**Q:** (Joe) I think we should stop calling it karaoke and start calling it choir practice. Or singing practice.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Karaoke carries with it the wrong connotation. Standing in a bar, cranking out a crappy 80's hit or something... It should be more like a choir practice. Singing practice.

(Andromeda) Everybody in together, the songs should have simple melodies, and they should be about simple beauty and emotion.

(Chu) "Country Roads". Everybody sings that one.

(Andromeda) "Amazing Grace".

(Joe) Any song where everyone can sing in harmony.

(L) Alright.

(Andromeda) We can pick some.

(Ark) And after all this time, we should have a standard set of songs. And then we can add, but there should be... I mean, we should not make experiments with songs that are unlikely to be appropriate.

(Joe) Well, we already know some songs that fit.

(L) Songs that people like, that they can all sing... And I think that we know of enough of them so that you don't have to repeat the same songs every time we do it.

(Joe) We did one of those that they do in the Crystal Meetings... We did it pretty well last time. Which one was it? "Will the Circle be Unbroken".

(Andromeda) Yeah. And "Wayfaring Stranger".

(L) Yeah, that one's good.

(Joe) And everyone can just be aware when they're singing to try to help others and try to make a unified sound.

(L) So, we need to have another karaoke session soon and put this into practice. And at least a day in advance, we need to select the right songs and not try to go for exotic or non-melodic hardcore rock-n-roll or whatever...

(Joe) It's Singing Practice!

(Artemis) Joe's trying to hammer in that it's NOT karaoke.

(Joe) We can keep karaoke. That can be a separate type of event. But this can be called Singing Practice.

(L) Alright, we'll do that. Any other questions?

(Ark) Yes. I want to know if having dreams is important?

**A:** Depends on the dream.

**Q:** (Ark) I'm worrying that there were times where I was having dreams. Now I almost never remember any dream and I don't have any. Is it something bad?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Artemis) Why is he not dreaming as much anymore?

**A:** Sleeping more deeply and not remembering.

**Q:** (Artemis) So I think you could practice asking yourself to remember your dreams.

(L) I also think that you can have dreams that you don't remember, but still you remember them in a way, subconsciously.

(Artemis) Yeah.

(Joe) They still affect you.

(L) Anything else?

(Artemis) How is Penelope doing? [Penelope the cat passed away last month]

**A:** Still around and playing. She communicates with Pikabu.

**Q:** (Artemis) So it's true that cats see ghosts and spirits and otherworldly things?

**A:** Yes

(Joe) And what about Elvis? [Elvis the dog also passed away last month]

**A:** Elvis will soon return as he feels it is his job to guard his flock.

**Q:** (Andromeda) I really felt like I saw Penelope yesterday when I was changing her water dish.

(Artemis) I've been seeing her.

(L) Pikabu lays down in the center of the upstairs hall and watches the trunk where Penelope used to sleep all the time.

(Artemis) Didn't you want to ask about the elephants, Joe?

(L) What happened to the dead elephants in Botswana?

**A:** Target practice by dark forces.

**Q:** (Pierre) 3D or 4D?

**A:** 3D satellites. Induced heart attacks.

**Q:** (Niall) From space!

(Joe) Was that practicing for humans?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I guess they start on elephants using the satellites and then they refine their system.

(Artemis) That was making me think about all those spontaneous death stories that I was reading about in the news. They don't know what the cause is, but all these people just die.

(Niall) Around the same time as these elephants, the prime minister of Burundi dropped dead of a heart attack. It was very suspicious...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) An induced heart attack?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) By this satellite technology?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Was that the same attack?

(L) Was that the same source, but maybe not intentional?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I'm tired. Anybody got a last question?

(Ark) Yes. Unstable gravity waves. Do they have something to do with fluctuations in super-fluid ether?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) I want some super-fluid ether.

**A:** Keep eyes and ears open so that you can enjoy the show. But also pay close and careful attention to those around you in love and harmony. Balance is key. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

Post session Discussion:

(L) Yeah, I was telling Andromeda the other day... Ya know, the Cs once said that the effects of the Wave would be felt as "hyperkinetic sensate". That means whatever you focus on, whatever emotions get elicited from you or arise within you, can be highly intensified in these times. That's why these people are crazy. They've got all of these wicked dreadful emotions like hate and resentment and self-hatred and all of that sort of thing. They're turning it outward to hate others. I think it's important for us to pay attention to those close to us and to feel positive emotions so that THOSE can be hyperkinetically amplified in some way.

(Artemis) You shouldn't bring what's outside inside...

(Andromeda) It's not about blocking anything out, but choosing what to focus on.

(L) In other words, you can pay enough attention to the outside world to know what's going on and to know if you need to do something, make a maneuver, or whatever... But as Artemis just said, don't bring the outside inside. In a funny way, it's one of the reasons that I was drawn to read this series of novels was that it elicits ideas of a different world. It wasn't conscious, but it elicits ideas of romance, harmony between men and women, and so on. You guys laugh at me about them, but they really depict relationships in a most interesting way. They're just... And yeah, they talk about physical relationships, but they also talk about mental and emotional relationships. Very often, it's expressed in a physical way. Back me up here, Gaby!

(Gaby) It's true.

(Andromeda) And I think this is part of the reason that I had this major gardening bug recently. The focus is on this kind of... creating good impressions.

(L) What's an apocalypse without flowers?!

(Andromeda) Exactly! It's focusing a little bit on the BEAUTY of something instead of just all of the darker stuff.

(L) Gardening is a very cleansing activity. Bringing order and beauty to the Earth is really just... it's extremely satisfying.

(Andromeda) It's kinda making that more the focus than the chaos.

(Ark) I think that Pierre's engineering is as important as gardening.

(L) Engineering, yes. Building things. Renovating that room and making a beautiful place. All the mowing and trimming and borders around trees and border around the parking area, straightening things out, fixing little things that have been hanging around bugging everybody for a long time, and so on. It's like creating by...

(Andromeda) It's helping to manifest goodness, I suppose.

(L) And we created and added a prayer to our crystal charging this time that is basically an effort to help to manifest or to draw ourselves into a reality that's more peaceful, beautiful, or whatever. So if you're going to have a hyperkinetic sensate, if your emotions are going to be amplified by the very nature of the environment and the frequencies of the Earth or solar system or cosmos, be DAMN careful as to what you focus on or think about!!!

(Pierre) In the way those Lefties materialize or amplify their anger or whatever negative emotions, in the same way you can amplify the positive emotions as well. It can lead to more than just emotions.

(L) It doesn't mean you're ignoring anything. You're not ignoring what's going on.

(Pierre) But you don't focus on it. It's not yours. You know it's not yours.

(L) Balance, like the C's said... You give it the attention it needs and the amount of behavior modification it needs. Whatever you need to do to deal with it. I get up and read the news every morning and go through all of that, and then I close the door. I know what's going on. Even if I don't see something today that I need to react to, I know what's going on. Now let me turn my attention to what is beautiful... And then I turn my attention to it. And for the most part, it's Ark and you kids. So, that's what I wanted to say.

(Pierre) Lately, when I've been reading the news, I feel more distant... not dissociation, but...

(L) I feel more distant from it too.

(Andromeda) Yeah.

(Pierre) More accuracy, but more distance. It's almost paradoxical, but...

(L) The splitting of realities. That's the reality they have created, and I do NOT wish to participate in it! Or at least participate as little as possible. I can move through it carefully if I must, but then, my mind is focused on love and beauty.

(Chu) We were talking about it earlier. Are realities literally splitting, or are we in it? Some people who've been part of our lives in the past, now they're just believing the lies more and more. We share something, but it's almost like we share an environment with them in a limited way since they perceive reality so differently. But then you can't get angry...

(L) And we also notice that because of the way that they've shut things down, there are a lot of people that will not be sharing our reality. We don't know where and how that's going to change, but the C's said they're not going to give up their power so easily. They may allow some things to go along, but... It's going to be weird!

(Pierre) If negative emotions are about to be amplified, knowing how much anger there is right now on the planet, I'm wondering what it will lead to? I think there's a lot of anger and frustration.

(L) Well, remember what happens. If you can't create without, you create within. There's going to be Earth changes. The Cs said the human cycle mirrors the cycle of cosmic catastrophe. As above, so below. The crazier they get on the planet, the crazier the cosmic events become. It's a feedback loop.

(Pierre) They are already crazy without major cosmic catastrophes. Imagine a major one!

(L) And they feel it even if they aren't aware of it.

(Pierre) They feel it coming, at least unconsciously.

(L) And their blindness in not understanding the reality of other worlds or other realms... They're so focused on their Darwinian materialism, they're going to get a snapback that's going to just destroy them, I'm afraid. So, we can BE different! We can DO different, and we can CHOOSE. We have a certain level of choice left to us, so let's use it!

End of post session discussion

