## October 30, 2021
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Gaby, Ark, Chu, Scottie, Niall, Princess Leia, Pikabu the Cat

FOTCM Members present via Zoom (in alphabetical order): 3DStudent, 987baz, Abats, Aeneas, aimarok, Aiming, alana, Alejo, Altair, aluminumfalcon, Ana Huitzil, anartist, AndrewMn, Andrian, anka, Annp, Ant22, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Aragorn, Arwenn, Beorn, Bjorn, Bluefyre, Bo, Bobo08, Brandon, Breton, c.a., Carl, cassandra, cinnamon, ClaudiaYG, Cosmos, Dakota, Darek, Dave\_P, Deckard, domi, Drea, dugdeep, eboard10, Echo Blue, Ellipse, Erykah, fabric, Flashgordonv, Floetus, France, Gandalf, Gawan, genero81, goyacobol, Harmony99, Hello H2O, herondancer, Hesper, hesperides, hiker, hlat, Hope, iamthatis, Irjo, IronFloyd, istina, itellsya, jar, JeanneT, JEEP, Jefferson, Jenn, jhonny, Joan, Jones, Josi, Juba, Kaigen, kawika, Kay Kim, Keit, kenlee, Keyhole, KJN, Konstantin, korzik18, KTC, l apprenti de forgeron, Lainey, latulipenoire, Laurs, Learner, Leighton, liam1310, Lilou, logos5x5, loreta, LQB, Luc, Madara Horseman, Maiko, manitoban, marek760, Mari, Mariama, Marina9, Mark, Mark7, martinsky, meg, Michael B-C, Michal, Miguel Angel, Mike, Mikkael, Mililea, mimimari, Mimmo, MK Scarlett, mkrnhr, Mr.Cyan, Mrs. Peel, msante, Nachtweide, Nathan, Navigator, Nicholas, nicklebleu, Nienna, Obi, Odyssey, Ollie, Orangescorpion, Oxajil, Perlou, Persej, Phill4, Placematt, PopHistorian, primeaddict, Rabelais, RedFox, Redrock12, Regulattor, Renaissance, rrraven, Ryan, rylek, Ryu, Saman, Seamus, Sebbe, seek10, seeker2seer, Siberia, Soluna, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, SummerLite, Temperance, thorbiorn, Timótheos, Tomek, treesparrow, Tristan, Tuatha de Danaan, Turgon, Voyageur, Vulcan59, whitecoast, will01, Windmill Knight, Yas, Ysus, zar. Other guests: JL and G.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let's get going here. Here we go...

**A:** Hello spooky ones!! Fiooniaea of Cassiopaea here for the end of the world party!!!

**Q:** (Andromeda) Well alright! (laughter)

(Artemis) I feel like we should be having a DJ as well, or something.

(Laura) A DJ? Alright. You see how things get going around here? It just gets crazy sometimes. (laughter) Okay, who's got questions? [silence] Oh! We're having a session and nobody has any questions?

**Q:** (Pierre) I have a question: Were the genetic modifications induced by the Black Death virus the main cause of the Renaissance?

**A:** Not main, but contributory.

Q:(Laura) Well, what was the main cause?

**A:** 4D influences of a psychic nature.

**Q:** (Joe) What is driving global governments to officially pursue a transformation to green energy, dropping fossil fuels, and investing in renewables?

**A:** Destruction of lives.

**Q:** (L) You know, that's interesting... I was reading something on the forum today. It was on that thread of alternative 3, for anybody who has read it. Oh no, no no! It was that video, "The Dinosaur". And the Dinosaur said, "Evil governments are investing in fossil fuels". And then it turns around and says, "you need green, sustainable blah blah blah". And it just occurred to me it would take a long period of time to get other forms of energy going. But fossil fuels are the most efficient thing right now, to help in poverty stricken countries. By forcing them to wait on alternative green sources of energy, you're just extending their dying time! So, it's a complete contradiction.

(Joe) Well, not only that, windmills, wind turbines and solar power, they can't replace the world's energy needs. They simply can't. And no government can possibly be sincere in their belief that they can. So that's why I'm asking the question. Do they really believe it?

(L) No, I think it's...

(Niall) They don't, so the follow-up question is, are governments consciously trying to destroy lives?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Niall) Crikey!

(L) Yeah, I think they are becoming quite conscious at this point.

(Niall) It's funny, because Bill Gates came out today and said, "In the short term, we need to keep nuclear power going, because the backlash from the public during this transition to renewables is strong".

(Joe) They're going to destroy the global economy. You can't transition in the period of time they're talking about.

(Niall) But at least he was astute enough to say it.

(Laura) If they were really going to transition, they should have started back in the 70s when people started talking about this sort of thing.

(Joe) Do you know the UK had an energy shortage this year? Do you know why?

(Laura) Why?

(Joe) Because they didn't get any, or very little power from the windmills because this year the wind didn't blow strong enough. That's the energy they're investing in. They're going to fuel the world with windmills. That suggests they are kind of on board with a population reduction idea, this big "conspiracy theory" of depopulation... that governments are on board with that, and that they're saying, "OK, let's basically switch over to this crazy new energy source that will only be able to sustain a limited amount of people on the planet, and the rest of them will die.

(Andromeda) Yeah, in the beginning we could have thought that maybe it was greed, that they were trying to make money, but at this point it's so obvious that that is not going to work.

(Joe) You can try to make money with a little bit here and there... But it's not even going to work. 60 percent of China's energy comes from coal right now. Do you think they're ever going to be able to build enough windmills that will actually work... with volcanoes going off, and reduced sunlight and that kind of stuff... it's just not possible.

(Niall) Are China and Russia on board with this?

(Joe) They are, officially.

**A:** Not deeply.

**Q:** (Laura) I notice China and Russia aren't going to this Climate conference...

(Joe) ...in Scotland.

(L) So they're giving it a pass, so maybe they are starting to feel comfortable with giving a pass to other things, I don't know. Okay, next question.

(Joe) About 10 years ago, at around the time of the global banking crisis/crash, some time after that, in 2010 maybe... For some reason we were asking, thinking that the economy was going to implode, or something... And we asked that question, and it was right at this time of the year. "Are they going to crash the economy soon?" And the C's said, "They might wait till after Christmas". And of course, nothing happened in the 10 years since then. So I was just wondering if that idea of "after Christmas" applies to...

(Andromeda) ...this Christmas? (laughter).

**A:** Possible.

**Q:** (Scottie) Just wait 10 years and we'll find out.

(Chu) People have started posting questions on the Zoom chat.

(Laura) Oh good job! Hold on people, let's see:

(eboard10) Someone on Twitter (Canadian earthquake researcher) predicts that a 10+ earthquake with the epicenter around the Philippines will hit between now and mid-2023 due to the release of an existing blocking of tectonic plates. How likely is that to happen?

**A:** 26%

**Q:** (Joe) We like those odds.

(Laura) Now, of course you could start going and naming other places and other date frames, and all that sort of thing, and we could take hours and hours going through all of that sort of thing, but I don't like doing that. That's why I don't like this kind of question.

(Joe) You could just ask what area of the globe has a higher chance of having a major earthquake in the next six months.

(Abats) What about the famous April Drop Dead date?

**A:** Coming!

**Q:** (Laura) [reading Zoom chat] Some people can't hear Joe. All you people are really going to have to speak up for the microphone. Can everybody hear me? Wave your hand if you can. Okay, that's probably because I'm close to the microphone.

(Scottie) That was a microphone problem, but we fixed it.

(genero81) Should we ask about Gary?

(Laura) No, I don't think so.

(Drea) Let's hope that someone releases free energy technology.

(Laura) That's assuming that something like that even exists. I don't think you get anything for free in this universe.

(Mexican House) What is the real percentage of vaccination in the world? Did they reach their numbers in October?

(Laura) I think we already asked that question at a previous session.

(Niall) We did. We took the example of France and asked if the official numbers were close to reality, and they said yes.

(Lainey) It would be lovely to know if Gary is well.

(Laura) Okay, other people want to know, so we'll ask about Gary.

(Artemis) Maybe we can ask if Gary wants to share anything with us.

(Laura) Well, that's a bit too much.

(Artemis) Okay, never mind.

(Laura) You have to go through this whole song and dance to do that. They have to re-route the channel, sign off and sign on. It's a switching problem!

(Artemis) They can relay the message themselves.

(Laura) Okay, we want to know if Gary is okay.

**A:** Yes, thanks to knowledge and prayers.

**Q:** (nicklebleu and his wife): It has been said that wind has decreased in recent times. Is that true?

**A:** In some places. Has increased in others. Also it is more compacted.

**Q:** (Laura) Well, I would imagine that if the climate is changing, you know, moving towards an Ice Age, or whatever it has to go through in order to get there, it's going to change. Climate change in the past, as they've been able to determine by retrospective studies... Places that formerly had rain, no longer have rain, and places that didn't have rain start getting rain. And I guess, places that didn't have wind start getting wind, and places that used to have wind don't get wind... So it's all about the changes going on.

(Joe) Which is useless for windmills.

(Andromeda) Pretty much, yeah.

(Laura) Yeah, they're basing a lot of their so-called "green" activities on situations that existed in the past, and that are no longer going to be existing.

(Madara Horseman) Speaking about energy news, we are bombarded with nuclear fusion. Are the different countries really looking for a solution there, or are they mostly hyping and diverting money? Are we close to nuclear fusion in a practical sense, or...?

(Laura) Hmm, that's not a well formed question. It's hard to break that down. Okay, let me see. Nuclear fusion: Are different countries really looking for a solution, or are they mostly hyping and diverting?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Laura) Are we close to nuclear fusion in a practical sense?

**A:** Could be.

**Q:** (Laura) Could be - if they really put their minds to it. Okay, here is a question on another topic:

(Ryu) Why are some countries (India, Japan, many African countries) "allowed" to use Ivermectin?

**A:** Not allowed, but conducting experiments.

**Q:** (Ant22) What are the real vaccination levels in the UK, EU and US?

(Laura) I don't want to ask any more questions about vaccination levels. Don't we have figures on that, and don't we know that it's going to be less than what they are telling us?

(Joe) Or roughly what they say. That's the depressing part.

(MK Scarlett) In 1972, the Club of Rome wrote a book known as Report Meadows that was about green development and sustainable future, but it was all about depopulation. See the article: What is the "Global Public-Private Partnership"?

**A:** Exactly. That is the hidden agenda.

**Q:** (Ellipse) Does the DNA vaccine lower the immune system? If yes, how much [he wrote: "If yes, until which point"]?

(Laura) Hmm, I'd say all of the vaccines damage the immune system.

(Joe) So, on that other point, Laura, overt governments that are pushing this green agenda, are they aware that the agenda is population reduction? Is that it, they don't have any other rationale for it? Do they have any other reason for it, or is it just the destructive principle, and they want to kill people?

**A:** They are operating on the premise that there is a real threat to the planet and that the cause is overpopulation.

**Q:** (L) Well, I would say that overpopulation only threatens the population, not the planet. The planet can and will recover, but it's like any of the population studies: when there are too many rabbits...

(Andromeda) Disease comes along.

(L) Foxes come along to eat them.

(Joe) Maybe they think that overpopulation is a threat to society in the sense that it's unsustainable in the long term. If you don't do anything about it, people will die because there's not enough...

(L) I don't think they're worried about people dying.

(Niall) It's a threat to psychopathic rule.

(L) Yeah. Oh boy... We're in a helluva mess, people.

(Pierre) By enforcing those measures aimed at reducing population, they create oppression that triggers natural catastrophes before their plan is put in place.

(L) So you're saying that by...

(Pierre) Depopulation agenda entails a lot of lies. By those lies aiming to reduce population, they actually induce cosmically this population reduction.

(L) Yeah. Well, the thing is that then they've lost control of the narrative and they've lost control of who gets depopulated and who doesn't. They bring the very thing that they wished on other people on themselves. I mean, the C's did say it was a triple-bad day for John D. Rockefeller and his type.

(Pierre) Economically, biologically, socially, and also FRV. But is it true what we say? That they precipitate the cosmic reaction for manufacturing human suffering. Is it true?

(L) Yeah.

(Pierre) Okay.

(L) Okay...

(Redrock12) Will I eventually be cured of my prostate cancer?

(L) Ya know Redrock, that's a personal question. But guess what? I'm gonna give it to you.

**A:** Control!!!

**Q:** (L) Okay, they say, "control". You'll be able to control it. You may yet get it so controlled that it's almost like not even there, especially if you take care of your diet and supplements.

(Soluna) If you catch Covid via shedding from a vaccinated person, are you more or less likely to have the possible positive changes?

(L) Okay, so... That's assuming that a vaccinated person will have positive mutations. So let's break this down.

(Gaby) Is it possible to have a positive mutation from the vaccines?

**A:** Efforts were made to prevent that, so it would be rare.

**Q:** (L) So efforts were made to prevent the possibility of a vaccine producing a positive mutation.

(Andromeda) So then, if you caught the virus from somebody who was shedding after being vaccinated, it would probably be difficult as well.

(Joe) Which is the whole point of the vaccines, right? Originally in previous sessions, they said the virus got out and they expected it to have this effect on people but it had positive mutations. So then they rolled out the vaccination campaign to prevent the positive mutations from the lab-created virus.

(L) Didn't we read that book [Genetic Entropy, by John C. Sanford] that said the only real mutations that are observed in a laboratory are negative? They're like entropic... Well, anyway.

(Deckard) Is Nano soma really capable of balancing the whole body?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) That was short.

(Regulattor) What % of death rate are we to expect next spring due to corona virus mutation/recombination?

**A:** Impossible to estimate at this point.

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Mrs. Peel) How much longer before, or will they declare Joe Biden incapable of holding the office?

**A:** Never! But fate may intervene!

**Q:** (L) I mean, think about it: The guy is a dithering idiot, which leaves all the bureaucrats and hidden agenda people in the secret services and whatever TOTALLY in charge. He's nothing but their puppet. That's why they hated Trump so much. He wasn't their puppet and he was really trying to do something. He didn't realize what he was up against when he got in there, and they sure did block him off every way they could. But boy, they got Joe Biden now, and he's their honey!

(hesperides) Is the La Palma volcano activity going to increase a lot more?

**A:** Eventually.

**Q:** (L) Eventually, but we don't know when!

(Arwenn) What is the real purpose of all the Quarantine camps being built in Australia?

(L) Well, that's when people start getting real rowdy from the lack of food. So, that's pretty simple. We can answer that one.

(seeker2seer) Will the soon to hit solar flare tonight or tomorrow cause more problems for the electrical grid than normal due to the decrease of Earth's magnetic field?

**A:** Not terribly.

**Q:** (L) Does anybody know what class it is?

(Pierre) X-class. X1.

(L) So, it's not much. We've already had a few.

(Madara Horseman) Can the Pfizer shot affect any part of our consciousness?

**A:** Indirectly if susceptible.

**Q:** (L) And the second part of the question:

(Madara Horseman) And if yes, can any meditation, chant, or any technospirituality method allow us to use the influences?

(L) We've already got a thread on how to counteract that, and we already know that knowledge and all that kind of stuff works.

(logos5x5) Is the prediction of "Mexico Falls" related to a major earthquake, a series of significant earth changes events, or something else entirely?

**A:** Earthquake.

**Q:** (Tristan) What about the volcanoes around the world, especially on the island of La Palma where explosive activity continues? Are more eruptions expected?

(L) We kinda covered that.

(Mark7) Was Mark a woman?

(L) Oh! Yeah, so you read the book, huh? You read my speculations.

**A:** No. But the author of the first passion play honoring Caesar was.

**Q:** (Andrian) I would like to ask a question regarding the accuracy of the Russian astrologer Svetlana Dragan.

**A:** About the same as any good astrologer. It is a gift of interpreting symbols.

**Q:** (L) So that's kind of a left-handed way of saying she's a good astrologer.

(Altair, Cosmos, Gawan) Does Putin believe the official corona narrative?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Altair, Cosmos, Gawan) If not, has he caved in or is he attempting a long-term strategy behind the scenes in terms of corona?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (Keit) So far Russia, despite various restrictions, has lower levels of corona craziness in comparison to other countries. Should we expect Russia to catch up also because of low vaccination rates?

(L) Are you asking if Russia is going to have more coronavirus cases because they're not...

(Keit) More corona craziness.

(L) Oh, so are they gonna become more like Western countries because they've been slack so far...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Keit) Will mandatory vaccination bill pass?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Keit) And will there be protests?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ryu) Did Paul believe Yahweh was the same god as Caesar's or did he use the Jewish religion as a template for his message?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (L) I think he was just using the Jewish god as a stand-in. He didn't really have much in the way of anything to reference. At the time, there were all these different gods. Then of course the Jewish god was claiming to be the only high creator god. That's what Paul was working with.

(Ryu) And did he come back after his life in the Roman Empire?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Who did he come back as? Anybody notable?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) He was just hanging out being a farmer or something.

(Alejo) Is overpopulation a myth, or are we really overpopulated?

**A:** Overpopulated.

**Q:** (Alejo) By trying to depopulate, they'll generate the chaos that will cause catastrophe... is what Pierre is saying?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (whitecoast) If 4D STS rely on people for food, wouldn't they want as large (and sick/diminished) a population as possible? Or is the depopulation agenda just about spreading mass misery on the heels of earth changes that may reduce the population sharply anyway?

(L) Well, well remember that a large part of 4D STS food is the energy of pain and suffering. That gives them a huge psychic boost and advantage. So, that right there is a feeding mechanism. But we realize of course that they don't need the numbers of people that we have on the Earth for their feeding purposes. I don't think it's quite that bad. We know there are a LOT of people missing, unexplained things... Look at this 411 business. But also remember that the C's pointed out at one point that they had a fallback diet of... what was it? Bovine serum extracted from cows or something so they didn't have to take so much from humans.

(Altair, Cosmos, Gawan) Are the PTB priming the public to expect earth changes and their effects?

**A:** Somewhat.

**Q:** (L) Just not the way they're really gonna happen...

(Altair, Cosmos, Gawan) If so, are they attempting to make it look like humans are doing it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ant22) They said a positive mutation from the vaccine/shedding from a vaccinated person would be rare. What conditions would need to be met for it to happen?

(L) Oh, geez! What are you trying to DO to me?! (laughter) Well, lemme see... What conditions would need to be met for a positive mutation?

**A:** Elevated consciousness and knowledge/being.

**Q:** (L) Well, that's fairly rare. (laughter)

(Bo) In China, several people are already reported to have gotten the H5N6 bird flu. Would H5N6 be considered the true pandemic/plague to engulf the planet?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Juba) Is Paul the real name of "our" Paul?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Juba) If not, what was it?

**A:** Zacaria.

**Q:** (Juba) Are Mark, Matthew, and Luke real names, or behind them were some obscure groups of people?

(L) I suspect Mark might have been a real name. Matthew might have been a real name of somebody who was involved with the writing of Matthew. Then Luke may have been too, but there were also obscure groups of people about them. Read my book and that should become clear.

(Obi) What will be the death rate of the new space virus globally?

(L) In other words, if we get a new real genuine plague/pandemic/Black Death type of situation, what would the global death rate be?

**A:** 79%

**Q:** (Joe) That's IF we get one.

(L) I hope ya'll know how to drive bulldozers and operating excavators. That's a lot of bodies to get rid of! Don't wanna burn 'em and waste your fossil fuels! You might run out. (laughter) Bulldoze them and put the lime on them. That's what they did in the old days.

(Learner) In which places of Europe and the rest of the Western world is it most likely that people will wake up, network and help each other while facing ever tightening screws of Covid and other tyranny, black-outs, earth changes, etc.?

**A:** Pockets in many places.

**Q:** (L) There will be pockets in many places.

(Chu) 54 new messages.

(L) 54!!

(Joe) Laura? When the C's kind of advised you to move to France, did they not know that Florida was gonna be the last bastion of freedom 20 years later?

(L) I think they knew that other things were coming.

(Joe) Can we at least have some confirmation of that to make ourselves feel better? (laughter) We could have stayed in Florida and all be on the beach now... (laughter)

**A:** This work would not have survived and thrived there.

**Q:** (hlat) Why has Carson been hit by 2 earthquakes and an unexplainable terrible smell that is still going on for a month?

**A:** Fault.

**Q:** (L) Fault line.

(Joe) What's the probability of a big one in California in the next year?

**A:** 53%

**Q:** (L) So, that's almost half and half. That's nothing.

(Aragorn) Various investigators have found very weird stuff in the Covid vaccines, like parasite-like organisms. Is this by accident/contamination or have they inserted these on purpose? Or are these findings just disinformation?

(L) Let's break that down... Is it by accident, or have they inserted these things on purpose?

**A:** Purpose when present, but rare in fact.

(L) You guys are killin' me here tonight.

**Q:** (JEEP) Will mask mandates in blue cities/states ever go away?

**A:** Sure. Eventually...

**Q:** (Andromeda) Like when everybody's dead?

(Artemis) Maybe in 100 or 200 years. Nothing can last forever, right?

(Temperance) Do the NYC protests have any viable and realistic chance of reversing local mandates and starting a chain reaction (since some areas follow suit on NYC and are waiting to see what happens) or has that ship sailed?

**A:** Not unless they get a lot bigger.

**Q:** (L) Alright people... We're never gonna get through all these questions. I thought I was gonna answer everybody's questions but now there are 58 more! I mean nobody could think of anything when we started, and now we've got 58. Okay, hold on... (laughter)

(Mexican House) Could you give us some advice for small FOTCM Communities that are starting to develop around the world? Something important to keep in mind?

(Laura) We'll discuss that on the forum. Discuss it on the forum.

(Pophistorian) Some percentage of vaccine doses are suspected to be placebo. If true, what percentage?

(L) Are any of the vaccine doses placebo?

**A:** No.

(L) No, if you let 'em stick it in you, they wanna get ya. (laughter)

**Q:** (Vulcan59) Question by luigi rovatti in the forum: What happened to the Dutch girls Kris Kremers and Lisanne Froon who disappeared while hiking the El Pianista trail in Panama on 1st April 2014?

(L) Did they ever find the bodies, or did they just disappear? (Artemis) Hold on, they want to say something.

**A:** Gone to 5D.

**Q:** (Abats) Is the Sinopharm vaccine less harmful than the Sputnik one?

(Joe) They're about equal. Next. They're both attenuated viruses.

(Tomek) Is Macron gonna be re-elected in 2022?

(L) No. Next one. (Niall) Wait and see.

(SummerLite) Will the USA people correct the election process enough to kick out Democrats in 2022?

(Niall) No chance.

(L) No chance!

(Tristan) From which language do the Romance languages originate?

(Niall) The Rome. (laughter)

(L) Answer that, Chu.

(Chu) I dunno, I have the same question! It's not Iberian. It can't be.

(Niall) There's an assumption that they all come from one language.

(Chu) That's what I'm wondering: Is it one, or several?

(L) Skip that one. That needs a discussion, I mean, that one actually needs research.

(Josi) Will airlines have to back down from mandating vaccines for pilots and other employees, or will they actually be terminated?

**A:** There is going to be a lot of backing down, or there will be no one to run things.

**Q:** (Ryu) You said that around 12% of the world was seeing the Covid scam for what it was. Are those people 4D candidates?

**A:** Not necessarily.

**Q:** (Deckard) Is Nano soma beneficial in any significant way?

(L) I would say that it's probably beneficial in some way, but you need to do the research on it.

(Madara Horseman) How did the Atlanteans design crystals for different purposes?

(Laura) Jezus Christ! That would take hours.

(Mexican House) Who was the last Roman Emperor before the fall of the empire?

(Pierre) Justinian?

(L) Probably. Was it Justinian?

**A:** Yes

(Pierre) So the link between the oppression committed by Justinian and the cataclysm, including the plague, would hold up.

**Q:** (L) Bye, Vulcan! He's off to work. He works on Sundays. Skim through and see if there are any really good ones.

(cinnamon) Is it likely that the cold civil war in the US becomes a hot civil war in the next two years? If it is likely, who or what starts the shooting? Or ignore this, I feel bad for Laura's arm.

(L) Yeah, thank you! I wanna see who feels bad for my arm. Oh, cinnamon! Thank you, sweetheart! Somebody loves me! (laughter) I don't think it's likely, but we'll ask.

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) No to the hot civil war. I would say it's more likely to become a war between the people and the government.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright. There we go.

(Ant22) Poland recently passed a law stating that Polish laws are above EU laws. This was followed by voices being heard about the need for the people to hit the streets. Donald Tusk, who recently returned to Polish politics, was pushing for it. Is some sort of a colour revolution likely in Poland?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, what did you expect?

(rrraven) Is the expanding planet theory correct?

(L) I think we asked that question in the sessions already. We asked that question in 1997, I believe. Next one.

(Chu) That's it.

(L) Alright, then! Hallelujah! If anybody has anybody really, really pressing...

(Chu) Oh, you skipped Mike's question.

(Mike) If the earth's environment was different prior to approximately 500 AD (i.e. Giants) and about 500 years were added to the historic timeline...

(L) Wait a minute... What's going on here?

**A:** Let's all do more research on many of the pressing issues. Knowledge gained by effort builds being. [planchette keeps spinning.]

**Q:** (L) Well... I wanna read Mike's question before you sign off! I know that's what you're trying to do! Hold on, just hold on! (laughter)

(Artemis) Yeah, yell at the board, why don't you?? (laughter)

(Mike) ...soon after Caesar, then did the change in the earth's environment that seems to have coincided with overhead cometary bombardment allow some people, such as some of the followers of Paul and/or Paul, to transition to 4D as part of the process of the Wave?

(L) Well, you know the answer to that is yes, Mike. I mean, come on! Okay, now you guys can sign off if you want to.

**A:** Please be very aware that these times are crucial not only to the development of your souls, but also to the future of your realm and your place within it. Be AWARE, support each other, and most important, NETWORK!!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

