## July 17, 2021
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Gaby, Niall, Noko the Wonderdog, Princess Leia

**Q:** (L) This is Saturday, July 17th, 2021. The usual suspects: [Review of those present] Here we go...

**A:** Hello to all from Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us?

**A:** Prioeiae will do.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Do you have questions, Joe?

(Joe) I've got a few. First one is about Jordan Peterson. Was his illness last year a result of some kind of direct attack?

**A:** Of course. He is not fully aware.

**Q:** (Artemis) Did whatever attack him get ahold of him in some way?

**A:** As usual.

**Q:** (L) Well, 4th density. They beam them, make them weak and sick and break them down. They activate attackers to come against you. Wear you out...

(Joe) What is actually happening in the arms of these people who become magnetic after an mRNA vaccine?

**A:** Hematies.

**Q:** (Pierre) The cells containing iron.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it causes something in the body's own iron to collect?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is something sequestering the iron?

(Pierre) Because iron sticks to the vaccines, and if you have iron in your body it won't stick to iron. How is this hematie magnetized?

**A:** Magnetite.

**Q:** (Pierre) Magnetite is a rock that's naturally magnetic, but...

(Joe) Does that mean it's in the vaccine?

(L) Is it in the vaccine, or is it something that accumulates from within the body itself?

**A:** Body.

**Q:** (L) Is there something psychic about it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it's not purely a physiological reaction?

**A:** No. Nano particles act as antennae for strange waves which then send signals to the body inducing modification on the next level of physicality.

**Q:** (PoB) What are strange waves?

(Pierre) We have to assume that in the next level of physicality, entities are magnetic.

(L) Now, what?

(Joe) What do they mean by 'next level of physicality'?

**A:** So that 3D tech can then operate more efficiently. It does not work as well with everyone it is used on.

**Q:** (Joe) Strange waves... I dunno.

(L) What do you mean by 'strange waves'?

**A:** Nothing in 3D is relatable.

**Q:** (L) So it's like a 4D wave... Are you saying this is like a 4D wave that, by way of these nanoparticles, is able to cross the border between 4D and 3D?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So are they saying that the magnetism is ultimately like paraphysical in a sense? The weird thing is how any function in your body can produce such a strong magnetism from a tiny little... 1 mL of whatever...

**A:** There is much about the body that is still unknown.

**Q:** (Joe) So there are things that the body can do or produce that can be switched on by these strange waves that are received by nanoparticles in the vaccine.

**A:** DNA can be upregulated in specific regions and perform specialized functions.

**Q:** (Andromeda) What's the difference between the people this works on and the people that it doesn't?

**A:** Usually DNA damage.

**Q:** (L) But not always.

(Joe) That's weird.

(Andromeda) So it's kinda paraphysical. It changes the DNA for us, but...

(Joe) It's creating superpowers in a certain sense in individuals. Not very cool superpowers, but...

(L) Well, I guess it's like some of those people you've read about. They have spoons stick to them all over their body and so on. It's probably because of their DNA. It's active in them for some reason just spontaneously.

(Chu) But that would assume that the pharmaceutical companies producing them are aware of this technology? Or is it a byproduct?

**A:** Byproduct partly.

**Q:** (Andromeda) So maybe they were intending to cause some change in the DNA for control, and it just so happens that it's the same function that does this magnetic thing.

(L) They may have intended one thing, but it's actually being used in another way by 4D critters. Maybe they were induced to construct the vaccine the way they did for these other reasons without necessarily knowing the full implications of what they were doing.

(Pierre) Like a back door.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) A back door, exactly.

(Joe) The nanoparticles that are used in the vaccine, there's been talk of graphene oxide. Is that one of the types of nanoparticles that are used?

**A:** One but not all.

**Q:** (Gaby) Will the group members that will be or have been vaccinated with this technology, can they do something else to protect themselves?

**A:** Your program is good if combined with knowledge and awareness. Knowledge itself changes DNA.

**Q:** (Joe) So if the ultimate reason for this technology being used in 12% of the vaccines is to influence people at some point in the future, it's only people who would be inclined to act in that way anyway who would be susceptible to it. It won't work in people who aren't of that nature.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is it possible that one of the reasons human beings have been deliberately dumbed down is to prevent positive DNA changes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And the culture?

(Ark) But I don't understand. Are these effects for just one vaccine, or for every vaccine?

(Joe) The mRNA ones.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (PoB) Some of these videos look obviously fake. What percentage of the videos of these magnetic effects are fake?

**A:** 70%

**Q:** (L) Well, there are a lot of people out there spreading disinformation and stirring things up.

(Joe) Yeah, and people on social media just used it to get attention.

(L) Every time something like that comes up, there are so many copycats. They just HAVE to jump on the bandwagon so they can get views on their videos.

(Andromeda) Exactly. They don't have anything better to do!

(Pierre) I have another question about DNA. In previous sessions, it was mentioned that you Laura and Joe for example had a dozen or more DNA strands. Are these extra DNA strands of a material nature?

(Joe) No.

(Pierre) Do these extra DNA strands have electromagnetic properties?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Do they act in a fractal way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Do they enable a 'deeper' access to the information field?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) You could have answered those questions yourself.

(Joe) Yeah. In the last session when we mentioned it, they talked about that.

(L) I swear, Pierre, sometimes you look just like Gurdjieff. You need to use mascara on your mustache. (laughter)

(Joe) That's your extra DNA strands making you look like Gurdjieff. (laughter)

(Pierre) Well, it was not obvious to me. It took me years to think about it.

(Joe) Well, it was said in one of those sessions that they weren't of a physical nature.

(Ark) Can I ask a question? Are eyebrows antennas?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Antennas for what?

**A:** Information.

**Q:** (Artemis) So is the hair on your head.

(Pierre) Any protein.

(Chu) All proteins are antenna for information.

(L) I knew there was a reason I liked big hair! (laughter)

(Andromeda) And gentlemen get more hairy as they become older and wiser.

(L) Well, they replace the hair on their head with hair in their nose and ears. (laughter)

(Joe) If it's all proteins, that means all proteins in your body as well.

(Pierre) I have another question. Officially, 44% of the French population got 2 jabs of the Covid vaccine. What is the real number?

**A:** Close enough.

**Q:** (Joe) That doesn't surprise me.

(Pierre) Probably the difficult thing is to reach above 50%.

(L) And we know about half the people are zombies.

(Joe) They're terrified.

(L) I'm surprised it's not 54%.

(Pierre) 54% is for one jab.

(Joe) Macron's statement the other day basically about segregating the population and discriminating between the vaccinated and unvaccinated people, he was the first leader in the 'free world' to say that. It's quite a draconian move. I wanna know what is the deal with France leading the charge into this overt tyranny. Why does the French government appear to be leading the charge of instituting a tyrannical society? I'll offer an answer: Is it because the French people are perhaps a bit more inclined towards resistance to vaccines?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) So they want to get them subdued as quickly as possible.

(Joe) Does it have anything to do with us being here?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (Joe) What are the chances of this segregation of society between vaccinated and unvaccinated people being successful in France?

**A:** Not high. Other events may intervene.

**Q:** (Joe) The other day, he said that if you're not vaccinated, you can't go to a restaurant or bar or café. You can't even sit outside.

(Niall) Or go and buy food.

(Joe) You're not allowed IN to big supermarkets.

(Andromeda) Wherever 50 or more people gather, you must have a vaccine passport to enter. So basically if you're not vaccinated, you wouldn't even be able to go grocery shopping.

(Chu) And the vaccine passport can't be faked. If you're not vaccinated, you have to have a PCR test and upload it to a site that gives you a QR code. No more paper forms.

(Niall) And you pay for it now. Every time you want to see a doctor, you pay 200€ for the test first.

(Andromeda) You can't go to a hospital, no eating outside at a restaurant anymore...

(Joe) Macron declared it the other day.

(Chu) He announced it, and the social security web site has it up as if it's a done deal. They vote on July 19th, and then it'll be approved in August.

(Gaby) Children above 12 years old must have the Pfizer vaccine.

(Niall) No returns to school without an mRNA vaccine this September.

(Chu) If you don't have a smartphone, you go to a pharmacy and they'll print the QR code for you.

**A:** The changes are near as witnessed by this desperate push for control.

**Q:** (Andromeda) After Macron's speech, even Merkel said, "That's not the way to do it. That's not the way to engender trust in your population!" Like: What are you, Nazis?! (laughter)

(Pierre) Events to come that might intervene, is it the Triple Bad Day?

**A:** Wait and see!

**Q:** (Scottie) Well, we can make a pretty educated guess at this point.

(L) So the crisis is going to spin out of control?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Because of natural events?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) Not because of people revolting.

**A:** Possible also.

**Q:** (Scottie) It's gonna be the Greatest Show on Earth. I'm tellin' ya, it's gonna be NUTS.

(L) A really big show!

(Pierre) I have a question about FRV. In reference to the Triple Bad Day, the C's added FRV also on top of pandemics, social unrest, and financial crisis. Is it because these people resonate only at low frequencies with the information field and because of the geomagnetic field weakening, their connection will be altered or severed?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) So, next topic?

(Niall) What caused the apartment building in Miami to collapse?

**A:** Cheap construction.

**Q:** (Scottie) BO-RING!

(Chu) How anticlimactic...

(Pierre) They said the building was crap. It failed inspections.

(L) Anybody else have questions? Honey?

(Ark) No.

(L) Okay, I have a question. As you must know, I have expanded my reading experience into some different types of books. (laughter)

(Artemis) Why are they laughing?

(L) Okay, well, the reason I expanded was because it came up in the suggestions of books on Amazon. It was called The Russian Billionaire. I had seen all these other ones, I was never interested in any of that sort of thing. Modern day romance novels didn't really attract me. The question in my mind was WHY was the title The Russian Billionaire? Is it promoting something about Russia or Russians? How is this going to be treated in this book? What's going on here? Why is somebody writing about a Russian billionaire in a political climate where Russia is the evildoer of all deeds? So, I got this book on Kindle and I read it. I was really shocked that the author referenced Putin in a positive way. What was even more shocking was that the book started talking about transhumanism and the singularity and different things like that in such a clear way. Even though it wasn't explicit, it was implicit that the USA was kind of like the guilty party in this whole plot to take over humanity. So I was really surprised. But then when I got to the end, I realized there were other books that were connected to this book since it makes reference to those. There were people in this book that were made reference to that obviously appeared in other books. I wanted the complete picture, so I got the previous books and the subsequent books and read the whole set. I started thinking that this was really bizarre. Here's this author basically telling things like they are. But it's scattered through the story. I read a few others of that ilk and I realized that most of them are just pornography. They might not be hardcore, but they're kind of pornographic because mainly they arrange some sort of story that is supposed to support the sexual episodes that are described in loving detail. In any event, I spread my net a little wider, and there are many that I'd never recommend to anybody. So, I want to know: Is this some kind of propaganda effort by somebody? Is Russia behind this propaganda effort to...?

(Joe) Don't say that on social media, Laura! They'll all believe you!

(Pierre) Russia or someone who wants to promote the truth.

(L) Well, I mean... Is this some kind of effort to... I dunno. What IS going on here?

**A:** Personal mission by a number of enlightened individuals.

**Q:** (L) So there are some people who know the score... Didn't you find out that this Georgia Le Carre woman only started writing these books in 2014? And she's written so many of them.

(Joe) Well, you know people churn them out. But that's what I said: I said those books that you're reading is the kind of stuff YOU would put in a romance novel if you were writing one.

(L) Yes, if I wrote a romance novel, I would try to put that in.

(Joe) Yeah. You're an enlightened individual, and there are others out there who...

(L) So, somebody's on a mission to try to... Well, the thing is now... Some of these other books that were not really directly related to this topic. They bring up social issues, and they bring up all kinds of situations that really, really need attention. But what I noticed about some of them... This Georgia Le Carre, she's not too bad. But there's so many that have such HORRIBLE grammar and syntax. They use malapropisms just repeatedly and continuously. They don't have control of their verbs in particular. Like sit, sat, sitting, stands, standing, stood. That sort of thing. They'll say, "He was stood by the door" when it should be, "He was STANDING by the door."

(Artemis) He was stood-standing! (laughter)

(Joe) That's British English.

(Niall) Northern England.

(L) So that could just be an artifact of there…

(Joe) Yeah!

(L) Okay, so that would explain that, but then there are malapropisms that are really outrageous... Like using the word 'abstruse' instead of 'obtuse'. That just absolutely does not fit. So it's as though they've heard a word, and they think they know what the word is, but they don't really know what the word is, but they write it anyway because it sounds fancy. It's like the way Violette used to write. And I said to her that if you don't know what the word means... And she would say, "Well, people will know what I'm saying!" That was her answer to me, and it just kinda blew my mind. The educational level of some of the authors of these novels is just deplorably low...

(Joe) But to have that imagination...

(L) Yes, they have the imagination to tell a story. If you can edit out in your head as you're reading, you can actually enjoy the story if you don't let it bother you too much. But I'm just flabbergasted at all the books being put out there in this genre that exhibit the authors' ignorance so blatantly. Most of them don't even appear to do any research at all.

(Artemis) It's the price you pay: You're really good at one thing, or you're really good at another.

(L) But I started wondering if they were using some kind of software to write these stories... Except the stories have creative elements.

(Joe) I'm familiar with those colloquialisms of different dialects of British English. That's common! There are millions of people who talk like that every day to each other.

(Pierre) Do you know more about this Georgia author?

(L) No, I don't know anything more. I just know Joe looked into her and she started writing and wrote like 50 books since then. 2014 remember is when that blow-up happened over there in Ukraine, and I said that was the beginning of the end.

(Andromeda) Maybe she just saw what was going on and she also had this thing for writing romances.

(L) Well, the thing is that what they're doing is they're using this romance novel thing to get under the radar.

(Pierre) Oh yeah, it's a perfect cover.

(Joe) If that's your way of communicating your thoughts and ideas, then you're gonna put it in. Like I said, in the same way you would if you wrote a romance novel.

(L) Well, lemme ask this: Despite the fact that these books are a little more than slightly racy (to me they're EXTREMELY racy), is it still okay for people to read them? I felt a little iffy about even recommending it except for the fact that it had all this stuff about computers, transhumanism, the evil empire, the secret rulers of the world and so forth.

**A:** Those with good mental and spiritual hygiene will be fine and even benefited by this reading.

**Q:** (Joe) The problem is that people who aren't like that, it might give them ideas and they'll go out and look for a Russian don...

**A:** Warnings to the wise.

**Q:** (L) In other words, give warnings and the wise will take the warnings. Those who don't take the warnings, well... What can you do?

(Artemis) Something to remember is that romance and sex is how you give people information.

**A:** Note how similar in dynamics the books in question are to your beloved regency stories!

**Q:** (L) Well, that's a good point. Some of these stories, I mean... In the Regency stories, the bad guy gets killed in a duel or sword fight. There's almost like vigilante justice effected by the hero of the story. In these more modern ones, they set it as mafia dons or something and they just blow the evil doers away! It's just the modern version of it.

(Joe) A modern more graphic twist on the Regency Romance novels.

(L) Except for a few that were really excessive, they all seem to be about true love, everlasting love, faithfulness, and fidelity. In the modern books, they're ALL rakes. In the Regency ones, they're rakes too. So, I guess six of one, half a dozen of the other. Okay, so I'm okay.

(Joe) In the US, there are certain states - notably Florida and Texas - which have been exemplary in their pushback against this Covid nonsense. They didn't lock down, they opened and returned to normal more quickly, etc. That's kind of strange in a sense because you wouldn't expect that to come from the US - or at least we wouldn't. My point is that right now and over the past year, Florida and Texas were good places to live given what people in most places in the Western world were subjected to. So my question is: What's the prognosis for places like Florida and Texas?

**A:** Suppression will be attempted...

**Q:** (L) Alright, I think we've covered what we had to cover, right?

(Joe) "Suppression will be attempted..."

(Andromeda) But not necessarily successful.

(Joe) Revolution?

**A:** Exactly. Remember the Alamo!!

**Q:** (Joe) I hope so. I wanna see SOMEBODY do something. If it's gonna happen anywhere, it's gonna happen in America.

(Niall) Trump's coming back!

(Joe) 1776 will rise again!... (laughter)

(L) Is there anything we need to know or ask? Consider it asked to help us out through this turmoil...

**A:** Things will get worse before they get better. Stay alert and use knowledge!!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

