## September 18, 2021
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Niall, Gaby, Noko the Wonderdog, Princess Leia, Pikabu the Cat

**Q:** (L) Today is September 18, 2021. The usual suspects: [Review of those present] Okay, let's begin. Hello. Is anybody out there?

**A:** Gloriaea in excelsis!

**Q:** (L) Is that your name?

**A:** First part will serve.

**Q:** (L) So, Gloriaea. And you just added the 'in excelsis' to that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) We already had a Gloriaea at the board.

(L) It's from a song.

(Chu) It's a latin thing.

["Gloria in excelsis Deo" is Latin for "Glory to God in the highest"]

(L) So, as Gaby pointed out, what I said before the session is a question. I can't think of a specific question that I want to ask, except for the fact that I feel the need for a session because things are so strange. I feel this building sensation of inner stress - like a tension. Waiting for the other shoe to drop. Something like that. So, what's going on?

**A:** Now would be a good time to ponder the lessons contained in the Parable of the Sower.

[Summary]

The Parable of the Sower (sometimes called the Parable of the Soils) is a parable of Jesus found in Matthew 13:1–23, Mark 4:1–20, Luke 8:4–15 and the extra-canonical Gospel of Thomas.[^1]

Again Jesus began to teach by the lake. The crowd that gathered around him was so large that he got into a boat and sat in it out on the lake, while all the people were along the shore at the water's edge. He taught them many things by parables, and in his teaching said: "Listen! A farmer went out to sow his seed. As he was scattering the seed, some fell along the path, and the birds came and ate it up. Some fell on rocky places, where it did not have much soil. It sprang up quickly, because the soil was shallow. But when the sun came up, the plants were scorched, and they withered because they had no root. Other seed fell among thorns, which grew up and choked the plants, so that they did not bear grain. Still other seed fell on good soil. It came up, grew and produced a crop, some multiplying thirty, some sixty, some a hundred times."

Then Jesus said, "Whoever has ears to hear, let them hear."

When he was alone, the Twelve and the others around him asked him about the parables. He told them, "The secret of the kingdom of God has been given to you. But to those on the outside everything is said in parables so that,"‘they may be ever seeing but never perceiving, and ever hearing but never understanding; otherwise they might turn and be forgiven!'"

Then Jesus said to them, "Don't you understand this parable? How then will you understand any parable? The farmer sows the word. Some people are like seed along the path, where the word is sown. As soon as they hear it, Satan comes and takes away the word that was sown in them. Others, like seed sown on rocky places, hear the word and at once receive it with joy. But since they have no root, they last only a short time. When trouble or persecution comes because of the word, they quickly fall away. Still others, like seed sown among thorns, hear the word; but the worries of this life, the deceitfulness of wealth and the desires for other things come in and choke the word, making it unfruitful. Others, like seed sown on good soil, hear the word, accept it, and produce a crop—some thirty, some sixty, some a hundred times what was sown."

**Q:** (L) Well, I wrote about it in From Paul to Mark. There was somebody who was giving a really interesting interpretation whose work I cited. It was his deduction from his analysis of the text that the Parable of the Sower was one of the secrets of the Kingdom of God which was that there were different types of human beings and that they simply were that way by their very nature. But at the same time, the wiles of the devil were always working, too. So there are people of different types. Any further comment on that? We can discuss it on the forum.

**A:** These are the times that try men's souls. And perhaps now you can understand the full meaning of that statement. Some souls do not do well under stress and pressure and the human system is constructed to alleviate stress by whatever means necessary.

**Q:** (L) Well, I guess that's pretty much a description of what we see around us.

(Andromeda) That's something I've been thinking a lot about lately, actually.

(L) Most people simply can't handle the stress or pressure, and they make whatever rationalizations they need to themselves to give up or change their course or to justify whatever... Anything to get rid of their stress, any kind of feeling bad.

(Joe) Is getting vaccinated one way that people are alleviating that stress?

**A:** Indeed.

**Q:** (Pierre) And this tension I think is this divide between those kinds of souls and the other ones. The chasm is widening because I think the vaccine reinforces this way of wishfully thinking.

(Joe) Just believing a lie does that.

(L) There are other ways, I mean... People who think that resisting the vaccine to the death is the only way to go, for example.

(Andromeda) That's not the only way to resist.

(L) And becoming wild radicals is not a good idea. Well, certainly there are people who are suited to being radical and doing things that may end up being violent or something. That's not our way. I think that for us, it's not the right way. So, I dunno... Just a lot to think about. How do different souls fit into different categories on both sides of the equation: pro-vaccine AND anti-vaccine? Alright, any further questions on that?

(Gaby) Is there any reason why they have this deadline of the 15th of October to get everyone vaccinated? Is there a reason?

**A:** Changes are coming and they know it.

**Q:** (L) As in climate changes, or planetary changes, or Earth changes, or somewhere in that category?

**A:** Yes. Close.

**Q:** (Artemis) What about aliens?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Artemis) Close to aliens and close to Earth changes, okay! Earth-changing aliens!

(L) I have to say that people who have been willingly vaccinated are probably gonna be the aliens! (laughter)

(Andromeda) Alien zombies!

(L) But for those who believe the vaccine is the solution...

(Joe) Yeah, but not for those who know what it is and took steps to protect themselves.

(Artemis) Is Cthulhu coming to smite people for their insolence?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Close! Jesus... (laughter) Okay, questions?

(Joe) A year and a half ago, they gave a time frame of about 2 years for some kind of a REAL pandemic or viral outbreak. There's a lot of evidence that the mRNA vaccinations especially are actually suppressing people's immune systems. Is the C's time frame still correct? Those who are weakened would be very vulnerable to a real virus. Are we still on track maybe next spring for that kind of thing?

**A:** Close enough. Things are soon to get more dramatic. Be glad of the period of relatively controlled mayhem.

**Q:** (L) In other words, what we've been going through where it seems like we're just waiting, waiting, waiting to see what's gonna happen, we're gonna look back on this as a rest period?!

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Andromeda) It seems like we're waiting, waiting, waiting for something bad to happen. Well, that's what you're doing... (laughter)

(L) Next question?

(Pierre) How many people on the planet were killed by the Covid vaccines?

(Chu) Well, you can't even get a proper answer to that because what if there are other factors?

(L) Yeah, I don't think I'd ask those kinds of questions.

(Niall) Which vaccines? How sick were they before getting them?

(L) Too many variables. You'd have to break it down.

(Joe) Well, I dunno... It could be pretty clear cut. You might have people who would have lived this many times longer, except they didn't because of the vaccine...

(L) Okay, rephrase the question.

(Joe) How many people globally died so far where the vaccine was the main contributing factor to their death?

**A:** 200k or thereabouts.

**Q:** (Niall) Somebody out there came up with that figure.

(Andromeda) It's almost 7 times what they reported officially.

(Pierre) They said 37,000 in the West.

(Andromeda) But with a margin of error where it could be 10 times higher.

(Joe) There's a lot of articles in the past two weeks about rumors of food shortages this winter due to various reasons. It's not just high food prices, but food shortages. Lots of reasons are given: the Covid thing, destruction of business, fuel shortages, etc. Is that something that's likely to...?

**A:** Weather destruction of food sources has been covered up by fake news.

**Q:** (L) So it's worse than they let on?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They're just holding back a flood, ya know? But it's gonna reach a breaking point.

(L) So, it's time for the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse!

**A:** You can hear the hoof beats in the distance.

**Q:** (L) Oooh! (laughter)

(Andromeda) That's dramatic!

(L) What about the creature you mentioned earlier?

(Artemis) Cthulhu?

(L) Does he ride a horse?

(Pierre) He's from H.P. Lovecraft novels.

(Artemis) Next they're gonna say Satan's gonna rise up from the Earth! (laughter)

(Andromeda) With fire shooting out of his eyes! Creepy!

(L) We're just batting a thousand tonight! (laughter) Next question?

(Pierre) The organ where scientists found the highest concentration of the COVID vaccine is the ovaries. Is that by design?

**A:** Not human intent, but influences from other realms have that as a goal.

**Q:** (Artemis) So why the ovaries?

(Chu) Because it reduces fertility.

(L) And creates mutations. A new race.

(Pierre) Is one of the objectives to create a new race?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Another experiment on the human race...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That reminds me: A long time ago, we asked a question about how all of humanity fell or became entrapped in 3d... They said something about how DNA became modified and certain factors being canceled in the DNA. It was all being done simultaneously. It was something about light doing it. We'll have to find the exact excerpt. But the thing is that, in a certain sense, technically speaking that's almost what they're doing right now. And when you figure out that alien technology is still somewhat material, then you wonder what happened back then. Was there some kind of vaccine that they gave everybody back then?

(Artemis) I've also noticed that people who have taken vaccines think that vaccines are good. So I think vaccines make people think that vaccines are good.

(L) Well, they have to think they're good because they invest themselves in them.

(Andromeda) Yeah, they have to justify their decisions.

(L) Alright. Next question?

(Joe) Is Michelle Obama a man? (laughter)

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Oh rats! I was SO sure! I was so sure she was! (laughter) Michael Obama. Next question? Anybody brave enough?

(Artemis) So they said the vaccine affects the ovaries. Hasn't it already been found before that it affects the pineal or pituitary glands? And isn't the pineal or pituitary used for picking up channeling frequencies?

(L) Probably both.

(Artemis) So does that mean that vaccines make it so people pick up negative frequencies?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) So that means people who've been vaccinated are channeling Satan. (laughter) Okay, that's extreme, but...

(L) They can definitely download some weird stuff. But only those susceptible, I think.

(Pierre) On this line, the RNA in the vaccine code is for a protein very similar to syncytin. Mis-expression of this protein syncytin leads to disorders like schizophrenia that are considered by some researchers as possession. So my question is: Can the vaccine in some cases increase the incidence of actual possession?

**A:** Oh indeed!!

**Q:** (Artemis) [in a demonic voice] 'The vaccine is preparing the vessels!' (laughter)

(L) This is just getting creepier by the minute!

(Pierre) Remember the session where the C's said they're preparing to control you in 4th density?

(L) That's their goal.

(Joe) They also said that Hitler's goal of creating a Master Race was just a trial run...

(L) Oh Jesus... I never thought about that.

(Joe) He didn't have vaccines mind you, but... If you want to create a new race or to change people by the billions, you have to inject them with DNA. They're basically being injected with DNA.

(Pierre) But is it working exactly according to their plan?

(Joe) Well, they said already about mutations and stuff.

(Pierre) I would like to know why the 3rd dose, 4th dose, 5th dose... Is it only to...

(Joe) That's to cover up the fact that it's not working.

**A:** They keep hitting snags. It's not nice to try to control Mother Nature.

**Q:** (L) So Mother Nature... Nature is getting in the way.

(Artemis) Are there some kind of ignorant innocent people who can be spared this if they're forced to get the vaccine? Can they be protected in some way just simply by their soul essence?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Well, that's good. Some people are just kind and sweet, and they're just doing it because they have to.

(L) Yeah.

(Joe) What percentage of the global population can see this more or less for what it is: something evil or wrong?

**A:** 12 percent.

**Q:** (Niall) We said 10%.

(Pierre) It's interesting because it's the exact number, 12%, of health workers in France that preferred to be fired than to be injected.

(L) 12 percent. Interesting.

(Artemis) It's also forcing the smart people to make themselves known. You notice how they want your ID more and more on web sites. They want to know who everybody is and where they are.

(L) Anybody got any more questions?

(Ark) Me. I was playing with my model of superluminal communication. I would like to know about this 'We are you in the future'. Can it be said that it's like 100-200 years in the future, or 1000-2000 years, or... Can I have an estimation of how far in the future in numbers? If it can be said. Not exact, but a range.

**A:** It can vary, but usually under 1k years or too much signal corruption.

**Q:** (L) Less than 1000 years.

(Pierre) I'm trying to reconcile the AD timeline of history and the BP timeline, ice cores and dendrochronology. There seems to be one matching marker at 536 AD - a year without summer, very cold, very bad weather - seemingly matching the 1500 BP mark with a converging cooling all over the planet revealed by ice cores and tree rings. So my question is: Is it a real match?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) In a previous session you mentioned about 470 years added between us and Julius Caesar. If it matches, it means these 470 years were added before 536 AD?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) It means Caesar died about 70 years before this 536 event?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Wow. It means there's no late or middle Roman Empire!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Everything is collapsing. Yes, yes, yes. It's all gone. That's what we thought.

(L) And documents were faked to fill in the gap.

(Niall) Fake emperors and stuff.

(Joe) If there's a kind of rough mirror in this go-round, first Caesar and then a Dark Ages and collapse... And then in our era, a close match might be JFK as this era's Caesar. 1963. Plus 70 years is 2033.

(Pierre) Oh, I see what you mean.

(Niall) So 70 years after Caesar's death. So it's 44 BC. What's 44 + 70? So it's right after the fall, kaboom, it's gone. In fact, Paul didn't live very long.

(Pierre) Kaboom, and you transition to the Justinian plague.

(L) So in other words, Paul was right: the end of the world WAS coming?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) And the 2 or 3 missing centuries after the Justinian plague, they were not made up. They were there, but there was nothing going on because everybody was dead!

(L) Yeah, 90% death rate in the archaeology around Rome.

(Joe) Does that mean that JFK and Laura are this era's Caesar and Paul? (laughter)

(L) Oh, stop it! (laughter)

(Joe) Well, answer the question!

**A:** Silly!

**Q:** (Joe) Silly? That means yes.

(Niall) But when was the Jewish War then? And Josephus? That would have to be AFTER the collapse...

(Joe) Where's your Jewish War, Laura?

(L) I don't think there was a Jewish War.

(Joe) Somebody could have just been writing a fairytale...

(L) There was stuff going on at that time, like rebellion, but... Sorting out that MESS would be a labor of Hercules. I mean, Hercules was asked to clean the Augean stables. He was not asked to refill them. (laughter)

(Joe) All those events can be... I mean, you take events that happened in our recent history and you imagine someone chronicling that, you could expand that out over a long period of time. The amount of stuff that has happened if you took discrete events over the past 20 years, you could expand those out over a long period of time if you want.

(L) Sure. You could just write stuff and make some editorial changes, add stuff, re-use stories, and... I mean, look what I found that happened with Gregory of Tours vs. the Eastern Empire records. The whole history of Gregory of Tours fits into a slot that is completely blank in the records of the Eastern Empire. It's as though they stole that material and used it to write his history. God, how many times did they do that... Alright, anybody else have any questions? I'm getting depressed. (laughter)

(Chu) I have a related one. With all this fudging of history, is it true that there was never any vulgar Latin, and the chronology as it's depicted is wrong?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It affects everything - EVERYTHING. It's like a falling domino. It's enough to make you want to run out of the house screaming!

(PoB) I have a question. Was seeding Communism at the beginning of the 19th century more or less a rehearsal to what seems to be developing now?

**A:** Partly. It is all part of the bigger picture.

**Q:** (L) Anything else?

(Artemis) Do you remember that link that you sent me about the 'Well to Hell' or whatever in the Middle East?

(Joe) It's in... Yemen.

(Artemis) Is there anything strange down there?

**A:** Not really.

**Q:** (Artemis) So people there are just paranoid for no reason.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) I have a question for you, Laura. Where's Caesar buried?

(L) Caesar was burned.

(Joe) Doesn't he have a little urn somewhere?

(L) Maybe, but if so, it was probably put in the same tomb that Augustus built. But then that was ransacked at the time of the barbarian invasions.

(Joe) And destroyed? So there's no reference and nobody knows of any particular place?

(L) We can't go find any pieces of Caesar, no.

(Joe) No, but a rough area where he was buried.

(L) Probably people gathered his ashes or took pieces home or whatever. He was burned in the center of Rome in that place that we saw when we were there. That was supposedly the place where he was burned.

(Joe) So that's pretty much his burial site.

(L) Yeah.

(Artemis) Do the potential supernatural negative effects of human vaccines also apply to animal vaccines?

**A:** Not so much since animal vaccines are not so loaded with negative elements.

**Q:** (L) So they're just trying to make a vaccine for animals without...

(Artemis) Without possessing the animals!

(L) Yeah, without piggybacking control elements onto it. Alright... If there's anything we failed to ask that we should have asked but were too shell-shocked to ask, please let us know!

**A:** Just keep eyes and ears open and SEE! Goodbye.

(L) Well, I guess things are about to get real... SHOWTIME!!

END OF SESSION

