# 2021
## January 30, 2021
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, Gaby, Scottie, Niall, Princess Leia

**Q:** (L) Today is January 30th, 2021. We have the usual suspects. [Review of those present]

**A:** Hello children of Cassiopaea. Honorreiae here tonight.

**Q:** (Artemis) I think we already had someone with a similar name to that.

(Andromeda) Yeah.

(Artemis) Are you the same person?

(L) They're not persons.

(Artemis) Well, you know what I mean! The same Cassiopaean...

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Joe) It's a slightly different spelling.

(Artemis) Honoria's sister.

(Scottie) Yeah, that was Honoriaea, and this is Honorreiae.

(L) Alright. How do we want to start? Do we want to have Ark ask his question first?

(Ark) Nah. They have to warm up first.

(L) So, clearly Trump didn't have the courage to do anything big and bold. Now the Deep State is in power via Biden and... Camel Harris. So, what does that mean for the world at large?

**A:** Chaos.

**Q:** (L) What is the reason for the chaos?

**A:** Fear of losing control.

**Q:** (L) Well, I don't understand. Exactly what do you mean?

(Joe) I was going to say that their fear of losing control has increased in recent years, obviously. But it's been as a result of their own actions, not as a result of anything the people are doing. The people are getting agitated and thrown into chaos because of what's being done to them.

(Artemis) They're shooting themselves in the foot over and over and over again.

**A:** Greed is a sickness.

**Q:** (L) And I guess you mean not just greed for money, but greed for power?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Can you tell us any particular way that this chaos is going to manifest?

**A:** Increased military intervention at all levels.

**Q:** (L) So despite the fact that Trump was so friendly and always playing up to the military, they really still didn't want or like him because he wasn't a war monger. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And high mucky-muck military guys are basically war mongers.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) When they increase military intervention at all levels, is that a reference to it being not just foreign, but domestic?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. We've already pointed out that they're shooting themselves in the foot again and again. The very chaos that they're trying to control is the chaos that they have created by their actions. Well, it's like in the book Political Ponerology: they don't believe that they can't do what they decide that they want to do, and they can't believe that they get the resistance that they get. They're like somebody in a house with 500 holes in the roof in a rainstorm, rushing one bucket all around trying to catch all the leaks. They're unable to read history or historical analyses and derive any benefit from it.

(Joe) The COVID thing is obviously directly related to losing control.

(L) COVID is all about losing control.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And they use COVID for just about anything they want to.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, before we jump off the topic of Trump, these people wrote to us. They call themselves the Leo Network. They were saying something about Donald Trump being the ruler of the "lower world" or in other words this world, and referred to him as some sort of trumpet…

(Joe) Trump-ets of the apocalypse. Trump, Trumpets… of the apocalypse...

**A:** Well, that is a bit imaginative, yes? However, we do find some humor in the expression: The last Trump shall sound!

**Q:** (L) The last Trump shall sound... And then what?

**A:** Wait and see! But wouldn't you say that the universal retrieval system has a sense of humor?

**Q:** (Artemis) Didn't some states want to secede from the USA?

**A:** They may get serious about that leading to some turmoil.

**Q:** (Artemis) Then Trump will become president of the new USA or something...

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Nice try, though.

(L) Here's another question: Were Trump and his team able to assemble any credible evidence for election fraud?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Was the election rigged in such a way that there was no presentable evidence?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) So why didn't this evidence prevail?

(Joe) It didn't get a hearing. We know that part. No one would go near it.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it couldn't get a hearing. Despite the fact that Trump stacked the courts, they still couldn't get a hearing. The Deep State had tentacles reaching that far. What happened to all of these judges and so forth that Trump put in place who SHOULD have helped deal with this election fraud...

**A:** Deep State visits.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, it was kinda like Men In Black who visit you and say, "This is the way it's going to be."

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) The claim was that those Supreme Court justices were talking and someone overheard them. Apparently, they were getting quite worked up, and one of them who was in favor of looking at the evidence mentioned Bush and Gore and that this has happened before. But the others said yes, but Bush and Gore didn't have the prospect of riots. So I'm wondering if those guys weren't warned off taking that case because of dire predictions of mass unrest as a result of Trump overturning the election. They didn't want to have that on their conscience.

(Ark) But I don't understand. What prevented Trump from publishing this evidence?

**A:** Deep State controls.

**Q:** (L) Quite a bit of the evidence WAS getting published, but then they cut him off from Twitter, Facebook...

(Joe) They had hearings of their own where they had testimony from witnesses.

(Ark) I mean, there are thousands of ways to publish it!

(L) Not when you've got complete control of the media.

(Joe) The nature of the evidence was like testimony of eyewitnesses, but also forensic data from voting machines. They would have needed to get full access to all the data.

(L) And they were blocked from access to the machines.

(Joe) Yes, they were stopped from getting full access. And no one would actually rule on it - no one with authority, anyway.

(L) It was stonewalling every which way he turned. It was the most unbelievable display of blatant fraud... It was shocking.

(Joe) Basically, the fraud was to do with the way states counted the ballots...

**A:** It is very bad juju for the forces of darkness to take over against the free will of the majority.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, the fact that the majority voted FOR Trump and he was not allowed to become the president and they took over means that they took over against the will of the people. I think that has some kind of energetic implication. There was some stuff about that in the Ra material.

(Pierre) You once asked what is the main universal rule. The C's said Free Will. At some level, energetic or informational, respect of free will of life forms is a rule. If you infringe on the rule, you expose yourself to some consequences even if you are high up 4D STS.

(L) In other words, cosmically speaking, they just painted targets on their own heads!

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Or is it going to manifest as earthquakes and tornadoes and kill a bunch of people?

(L) People will be objecting to this takeover inside themselves, so it'll manifest in some way externally, we just don't yet know how. Well, that's interesting.

(Andromeda) You don't mess with universal rules.

(L) What are the chances that there will be open efforts to target and potentially imprison people who publicly dissent on major issues like COVID and lockdowns?

**A:** Very good.

**Q:** (L) They're already deplatforming them from Twitter, Facebook, and other social media. There's like an iron curtain coming down within the USA. It's a curtain against any truth or information getting out. The Bar Association demanded that Lin Wood submit himself to psychiatric examination. So, if you dissent, you lose your job, you get 'examined' by psychiatrists paid by the Deep State to say you're crazy, you get medicated, you lose your medical license if you're a doctor and you say anything contrary to their narrative about COVID... We're talking about the heaviest crackdown that's ever been since it is practically global! This is like Stalin, isn't it?

(Chu) And it's not just the USA. Europe is the same.

(L) It's the whole planet practically.

(Joe) It's mostly in the West. That's a good question. Why are so many of the strongest control measures being imposed in Europe and America and other Western countries?

**A:** They were weakened by "good times" and "freedom" that permits the flourishing of pathology.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, when you have real freedom...

(Joe) It weakens the people and it also creates a climate where the greediest have a free lunch so to speak. Those in power become greedier and greedier.

(Niall) Does that mean people in places like East Asia may escape much of this?

**A:** Partly.

**Q:** (L) I'd say they're a little bit overbalanced in the other direction. It's a real problem. It's a thorny issue that always returns, again and again and again. It's cyclical.

**A:** How true that is you have yet to see fully.

**Q:** (Pierre) You said it's cyclical. The two last occurrences of this cycle - I'm talking about plagues - was it the Black Death and before the Justinian Plague?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Look at World War I and World War II. It moves from place to place to place. You're trying to think of it in totally global terms. It moves around. I think that only now is it truly global, and that's because of our global communications and transport. But even in Justinian times, we can't say that everything was subjected to...

**A:** Not all places were hit in those times.

**Q:** (Andromeda) But they will be this time?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Alright. Honey, what was your question?

(Ark) My question is that in my research, related to the paper I've been writing for a year now, there appears a mathematical structure, an antisymmetric matrix or something like that. I believe it's important, but I don't know whether it's related to action of electromagnetic field, or gravitational field, or some kind of informational field. I have no clue and I would like to have a hint what it is doing this thing that is there and I don't know what kind of job it is doing?

(L) So, you're asking if it's informational, gravitational, or electromagnetic?

(Ark) Or something else.

**A:** Electromagnetism structured by information emitted by gravity.

**Q:** (Ark) Alright. (laughs)

**A:** Go deeper to find the structuring forces.

**Q:** (Ark) Meow.

(Joe) In all the vaccines they're releasing for Covid, is there any chipping, or...?

(Niall) They answered that. They suggested it themselves without us asking.

(Joe) Well, that was back then. Are there chips in any of the vaccines they're administering?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Which ones? Pfizer?

**A:** Selective and specific.

**Q:** (Joe) And what is the purpose of these chips that are administered selectively?

**A:** Control.

**Q:** (Joe) Control of individuals?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What kind of control can they affect with those?

**A:** Tracking and other.

**Q:** (Joe) Can they have an influence on people's thoughts and behavior?

**A:** Not thoughts, but physiology.

**Q:** (L) So they don't need something like that for controlling thoughts. They've got other things for that. But they could probably put something in there that could trigger something that would go off in your body and like create an illness, or...

(Joe) Is that being done for experimentation purposes to do it on more people at a later point?

**A:** No. Raw control.

**Q:** (L) No experimenting necessary. They've already done that.

(Andromeda) Are they chips like we think of them, like computer chips? Or is it a higher technology?

**A:** Nano.

**Q:** (Joe) Is there anything specific about the people they select, or is it random?

**A:** Difficult to control.

**Q:** (L) Obviously, somebody who's easy to control would just, ya know...

(Joe) But then my next question is how do they decide who needs it...

(Niall) Maybe it depends on what they say on Facebook? Those who are dissident get targeted for a chip.

**A:** Knowledge protects. Review what you have learned about "alien" implants.

**Q:** (Pierre) But then the most uncontrollable ones won't get the vaccine. They'll refuse it.

**A:** True. Wishful thinking.

**Q:** (L) So it's wishful thinking on their part that they think they can get any uncontrollable people controlled?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) They will control the individuals that are already sheep.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Any other questions?

(Artemis) Who created this nanotech? Humans or aliens or inspired by aliens?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Niall) Is this GameStop business more or less a popular movement or action being done by regular folk?

**A:** Mostly.

**Q:** (Joe) Another question from the forum about Kantek: There's a generally held view by most people that the asteroid belt is a planet that exploded. The problem is that there isn't enough material in the asteroid belt to explain the mass of the planet. It's like only 2 or 3% of the planet. So people on the forum have been discussing how there could be so little material left. Where did the other 97% of the material go?

**A:** Much of it was disintegrated into dust and ejected from the solar system.

**Q:** (Joe) Somebody also did calculations on the amount of energy released from the explosion of a planet and it should have had catastrophic effects on most of the other planets in the solar system...

**A:** It did.

**Q:** (Joe) Okay.

(Artemis) What about on Earth? Is there anything that we can see nowadays from Kantek's explosion?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) What?

(L) I don't want to go through a list of that! It's going to take a long time. There are many craters. If you study the evidence... There's lot of evidence - even genetic evidence. The problem with craters on Earth is that they tend to get healed over because of tectonic plate movement, weather, erosion, etc.

(Joe) Anyway, this would be an energetic effect - more like a blast wave. If most of it was turned to dust, it wouldn't have bombarded the Earth with physical stuff. It would have been more of an energy blast wave.

**A:** It was also directional due to velocity and direction of planet's orbit and rotation.

**Q:** (L) So you can't just calculate something for an object that's sitting still. There also had to have been effects caused by the other planets like the gas giants. They would have had gravitational effects on whatever was going on. It's such a complex system that it's hard to do any calculations for it.

(Pierre) Especially a planet we don't know much about. About a related topic: Were the Malta ruts caused by ground-to-ground discharge?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) About the interaction between us and the information field... I wanted to know if basically the DNA because of its spiral shape acts as an amplifier and universal antenna, while the proteins act as a specifier of the information received due to their geometric conformation? DNA amplifier, protein says what FM station you're tuning into?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) When we asked months ago about the next big economic crisis, they said that it will start as usual with a manufactured crisis, but it will get out of hand. I was wondering if this pattern will be synchronous with the current sanitary situation? Fake pandemic, fake economic crisis, and then real pandemic and real economic crisis?

**A:** Sure. That's elementary dear Pierre!

**Q:** (Pierre) It's not to me. Last one...

(L) I'm here to serve! (laughter)

(Pierre) In a previous session, you said that in homeopathic remedies, the higher the dilution the more potent the effect is. Could you explain why the higher dilution makes it more potent?

(L) Couldn't you ask a question with a Yes or No answer? (laughter)

**A:** Structuring of water is good enough.

**Q:** (Niall) Will the Powers That Be shut down the internet?

**A:** They will try to restrict, but they depend on it too much themselves.

**Q:** (L) They use it too much FOR control. They can't shut it down!

(Chu) People might actually get together in person instead of staring at their screens all day.

(Artemis) Oxajil wanted me to ask about her kitty. I was going to ask if there's anything you can say about her kitty that might help Oxajil?

**A:** Kitty is now a guard.

**Q:** (L) So her kitty has become a guard in the astral realms?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I did want to ask about our little missing time episode today. Was there any significance to this missing time episode we had earlier this evening?

**A:** Glitch in the matrix.

**Q:** (L) So a glitch in the matrix... Does that mean there was something of a program change?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And what caused this program change?

**A:** You.

**Q:** (Artemis) Oh god! What did you do, Mom?! What have you DONE?! You messed up the timeline again! (laughter)

(Chu) Stop organizing your room!! (laughter)

(L) Is the new program better? Will I like it more?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) I have one last question. Several months ago, we talked about speaking out against things going on. They said strategic enclosure to the max. And we just... didn't pay any attention to that whatsoever. (laughter) I'm just wondering if there's any danger to us specifically due to the way we're pointing out things going on? Or are we in danger? One benefit I always thought is that we're in France, but we're writing in English for the Anglosphere. We're not really talking in French about what's going on in France.

(Chu) Well, we do have French SOTT and they do bash...

**A:** Tone things a bit and use allusions more.

**Q:** (Joe) So, I should write something like: "Isn't this strange the way things happen like this? Kinda weird! I think there might be something strange about what governments are doing. Maybe they're making a big mistake. What do you think?" (laughter)

(L) Alright. Is there anything upcoming that we need to know about? Or any closing statement?

(Andromeda) Words of wisdom?

**A:** At this point you should better understand "enjoy the show." So do it. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

(Joe) There's not much to enjoy. It's painful.

(Chu) The problem is that shows are short. You watch for an hour or two, turn the TV off, and it's over. This show is going to go on for YEARS!

(Pierre) And there are Dukes and Duchesses in those shows. More entertaining. The real show doesn't seem to have any Dukes…

(L) The only thing I can say about it is that we learn from it. At a certain point, you get to where... I dunno, you get more detached because you can only endure so much pain. It's like physical pain: at a certain point, something shuts down when you're having physical pain, and it stops. Either you stop feeling it because your brain stops carrying the signals, or you pass out, or SOMETHING happens. (laughter)

(Joe) It's like watching a slow train wreck. For a long time, you might think you'll sound the alarm and prevent the worst that's going to happen. But at some point you realize nobody's listening and it'll happen anyway. At that point, you have to realize it's simply out of your hands. And you see it happening over a long period of time, so you do get a bit anesthetized against it in a certain sense. You can't keep being stressed about it and survive.

(Andromeda) Or even shocked about it.

(L) When you take it all in perspective, all the pain and suffering on each and every side of all the different groups of people throughout history, and then about recompense coming to this or that group... And of course the average person would think, "Well, those people that committed those acts are not the ones who are suffering because they died and it's their children that are suffering." Well, that completely leaves out the idea of reincarnation, that people come back again and pay. I remember when we asked something about Atlantis and the C's said the Atlanteans were doing a replay of their attempt to control the whole world.

(Pierre) The motive is similar. The last destruction of Atlantis was...

(L) It was about power. We asked once about if black people in Africa ever had a high civilization. They said yes. I asked what happened to it, and they said they were cruel overlords and their civilization was destroyed and they were reduced to bare survival in the jungles or savanna or whatever as a result. So... Power comes to one and then it's taken away. It goes to another, and it's taken away. Over and over again. We just happen to be here in a place and time where a whole lot of things are culminating in one point in our history. And the C's have said that this is because it's the closing of a Grand Cycle of 309,000 years or something like that. So ALL the little threads that were left dangling and all the different groups that are deserving of punishment... And I guess the Brits are REALLY going to get it because of their whole empire thing... oh my god. And I should talk about it! My DNA says I'm 85% British, Scottish, and Irish. So... How do I know that I wasn't one of those empire-building nabobs over in India or Malaysia or the colonies in America. And of course you can't even really get all soft and syrupy about the Native Americans. What did they do? They were probably the Atlanteans. That's what their punishment was: to be overwhelmed by the European invaders.

(Niall) What did the Irish ever do to anyone? (laughter)

(L) We don't know.

(Joe) The current ones have been infiltrated. They're all half-castes in power. Laura, you were the Duke or Duchess of Tinklebottom... The Duke of Whibblesworth... Some funny English name. You will pay!

(Pierre) Taking this historic distance, you don't identify as much.

(Joe) You should take that French flag down in the workshop, then. (laughter)

(L) Well, all joking aside, I think the bottom line is that we're being challenged to take a more cosmic perspective on the whole thing. What did the Cs say once? No body-centric persons need apply. If you're body-centric, that means you're stuck in your 3D thinking. We're being invited to rise above that and basically enjoy the show because we're seeing a BIG historical set of events transpiring right before our eyes.

(PoB) Can we change the channel?

(Niall) Only if you change your proteins!

(Joe) A very good way to stop identifying with 3d reality is for it ALL to go to hell! Who wants to identify with something that's a clown show, ya know?

(Andromeda) Which it is!

(L) It IS fascinating, I gotta admit!

THE END

