## March 13, 2021
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, Ark, PoB, Scottie, Niall

**Q:** (L) Hello. We're here.

**A:** Lovely to be with you again. Gossuriah of Cassiopaea here now.

**Q:** (L) Okay. What do we want to start off with? Do we want to start off with these crazy jars?

(Artemis) Did you announce everybody here and the date?

(L) Oh! Yeah... Today is... What is today? Today is March 13, 2021. [Review of those present]

(Artemis) Any pets?

(Joe) No.

(L) Joe, you wanna start off?

(Joe) So, when you asked in a previous session about your suffering...

(L) What suffering?

(Joe) In general at different times when you were suffering from different ailments or things... The response was that suffering was necessary to balance the knowledge that was given to the world, or words to that effect. The suffering was necessary as a result of spreading knowledge. I was wondering why that's necessary?

**A:** Balance.

**Q:** (Joe) Yeah, right. That's what they said last time. But... When someone works a lot to discover information and share it with the world, they've already suffered to acquire that knowledge. When they spread it, then they're in for another dose it seems.

(L) Is it the spreading that brings the additional suffering?

**A:** Yes. Think of something like Mouravieff's "General Law".

**Q:** (L) So in other words, if I just kept it to myself and I didn't create a stir, inciting others to struggle against the General Law, I wouldn't suffer so much?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) If you think about it, knowledge and information is like light and truth. Darkness hates light and truth...

(L) Well, my sorrow for the lack of knowledge that others labor under exceeds my concern for my suffering, I think. I would rather do the suffering than to have others suffer. Perhaps I bite off more than I can chew, but so far, I have always thought it was worth it. Okay, anything else?

(Joe) That'll do. I'd like to know why the Loch Ness Monster... (laughter) We're going old school! Why is it that the Loch Ness monster and other similar creatures that are said to exist - and which the Cs said exist - have never been seen and documented like other animals that live on this planet?

(Artemis) Didn't they say like they're out of phase with our reality or something?

**A:** Transdimensional.

**Q:** (Artemis) They're here but they're not here.

(L) Is it something about the creatures own frequency that causes it to blink in and out of our reality?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is it living in kind of like a time warp or something like that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Does it have to do with the belief of the observer as well?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Kind of like Flight 19, I guess.

(Joe) Well, they said before about the Loch Ness monster that they were like plesiosaurs left over from the last ice age.

(L) And the last ice age was most likely a different cosmic environment, you know?

(Artemis) Is there a way to free the poor Loch Ness monster?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is he eating well? (laughter)

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) What does he eat?

**A:** Whatever it wants!

**Q:** (Joe) It eats whatever it wants, including people!

(Andromeda) That's what I was wondering. Does it eat people? (laughter)

(Niall) Andromeda, does he have someone to take him to the vet? (laughter)

**A:** Mouth too small. Vegetarian for the most part, but not exclusively.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Do we have anymore cryptomundo questions?

(Joe) That's the end of crypto hour.

(L) What about those huge jars we were talking about earlier?

(Joe) Oh yeah! Who made the stone jars that litter the landscape in Laos? [See: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T01QyA9Yw3w](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T01QyA9Yw3w)]

**A:** Race of hominids no longer extant.

**Q:** (Joe) What was the purpose of the jars?

**A:** Storage.

**Q:** (Artemis) Were they big people or normal sized?

**A:** Giants.

**Q:** (Andromeda) How did they transport them?

**A:** Technology. Think "Coral Castle".

**Q:** (Andromeda) Technological giants.

(Joe) Did they store grain in them to make beer?

(L) To make BEER?! (laughter)

(Andromeda) That was one of the theories.

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (Joe) They were big drinkers, I see... (laughter)

(L) So I guess we should just think about the fact that there's so much evidence of higher technologies, races of giants on the planet, I mean... It's also covered up. Look at that Smithsonian business. If I remember correctly, even within recorded history, there were giants discovered living on some - like Patagonia or something - that have died out. Of course, there's some evidence that there were some gigantic types still on the Canary Islands and in the Americas that had double rows of teeth.

(Joe) They found giant axes in various places too.

**A:** Indeed. The true history of your planet is little known. Refer to collections made by your Mr. Hancock.

**Q:** (L) I think that must mean Graham Hancock?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Yeah, he's a pretty good researcher as long as he doesn't try to figure out esoteric things on his own.

(Pierre) In his last book, the second part is dedicated to giants in America.

(L) What's the title?

(Andromeda) 'Giants in America', I think.

(Niall) His most recent book is called 'America Before' or something. We have it upstairs.

(Pierre) He's documented that a lot. And the Mound people and...

(L) Okay. The 'Giants in America' or some such title, must be the other book I have. It has images of all the many articles about finds in America that were sent to the Smithsonian where they disappeared and then denials of their existence were made afterward. It's obviously a huge coverup.

(Joe) Is it true that the really tall giants - like 13 or 15 feet - were they alive under the same gravitational conditions as we have today?

**A:** Not exactly. Conditions on your planet changed significantly at the time of the destruction of the Roman Empire. Giants from that time forward faced increasingly difficult conditions and survival became untenable.

**Q:** (L) So there were some still left in pockets, is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Those were the ones discovered by explorers after the Dark Ages.

(Chu) Did they have a language we might be familiar with if they lived that recently?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) Which language?

**A:** Similar to Basque.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Like Atlantean.

(Scottie) I think 'hello' was, "Fee-fi-fo-fum"... (laughter)

(L) And their favorite thing to say was, "I smell the blood of an Englishman!"

(Joe) So, gravity was less, let's say, to make it easy for them to...

**A:** Yes. Also electrical charge of planet.

**Q:** (L) That reminds me of all the really peculiar electrical phenomena recorded in the ancient Greco-Roman records that seemed to sort of stop when records picked up again after the destruction of the ancient world. But, of course, there were periods when things were really weird even after that. So the people before the end of the Roman Empire were seeing a lot more of our plasma men than we would see nowadays?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) But the giants lived alongside little people then?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And was life easier for normal people then, as well?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) It had probably been in decline beginning from even earlier periods...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So that was the last big change I guess, something like 540 AD.

(Joe) In the reports of explorers after the Roman Empire going and finding giants and stuff, if they fought with the giants it seems they were relatively easily defeated as they were big and slow.

(L) They probably weren't able to deal with the environmental conditions.

(Andromeda) Were they stupid?

**A:** Not at first.

**Q:** (L) But they became stupid as their health declined in the environmental changes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) They had to be pretty smart if they had the technology to move stones.

(L) Yeah, but that would have been earlier. Well, didn't the Denisovans have extremely large teeth? Were they connected in some way to the giants?

**A:** Yes. Connected but not identical.

**Q:** (Artemis) Is anybody here distantly related to a giant?

(Andromeda) (whispers) Scottie! (laughter)

(L) In other words, do any of us have any genetic leftovers from that?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Chu) Not even Beau?! (laughter)

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Alright... Now what? Pierre has his questions. Pierre, come sit here next to me or I won't be able to hear you since you'll start trailing off and getting quieter and quieter. [Pierre relocates]

(Pierre) Okay. I read a paper that shows that DNA in an electromagnetic field behaves like a fractal antenna. I would like to ask: the electromagnetic signal connecting us to the information field, does it contain fractal components?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Now... [Pierre gets up to return to his normal seat]

(Joe) Where are you going?

(Pierre) I'm uncomfortable sitting in the middle of everyone... (laughter)

[Pierre returns to the 'Hot Seat']

(Pierre) Second question: dugdeep and I have a theory to explain why homeopathy gains potency while the dilution increases. It's counterintuitive, but we think that in light of the fractal component dimension of the electromagnetic... (laughter)

[Laura bursts out laughing because in the background, several people are making the same patented 'Information Field hand gesture' made famous by Pierre whenever he talks about the information field... We'll have to post a video of it! Perhaps even an animated GIF...]

(Pierre) Oh gosh... It was a complex sentence. I won't be able to repeat it... Okay: Given the fractal...

(Chu) You talk, and we'll do the gesture! (laughter)

(Pierre) Given the fractal components of... (laughter)

(Joe) We're trying to help you!!

(L) Would you guys stop doing that! Let him ask the question. (laughter)

(Joe) It increases the signal! (laughter)

(Andromeda) What's your theory about the homeopathic dilution?

(Pierre) Given the fractal dimension of the electromagnetic connection between informational field and human beings, we think that homeopathic solutions gain potency when the succussion and dilution increase because each time you do succussion and dilution, you replicate at a different scale the same geometric signature that IS the connection to this or that part of the information field, hence increasing the potency that is fundamentally just an informational signature that you replicate and amplify at a different scale. You see what I mean? ("Succussion" is when you hit the vial. The energy provided helps to replicate the geometric signature at a different scale.)

(Joe) So start with little... Say they're like hexagons. When you succuss it, you break that one hexagon into five or six smaller versions. And you do it again and again, and eventually you saturate it with the signature of the information…

(Pierre) And since it's a fractal antenna, you receive at each frequency range, you see?

**A:** Not only that, but also the division is less material and more pure information field "friendly".

**Q:** (Pierre) I had an analogy about that... Like when you throw a rock in the pond, if there are islands in the pond, the frequency or information doesn't spread as harmoniously as compared to when the pond is with no islands. I have another question. It's a Watson moment, before they say that... Years ago, you referred to a triple bad day for the Rockefellers. In light of the recent revelation about pandemics and the real plague, that for those like the Rockefellers it will be a triple bad day: health-wise (real plague), finance-wise (real crisis), and social-wise (because they'll be hunted by the people when they finally figure out what is being done to them). Is it the meaning of Triple Bad Day?

**A:** Close. But, not only. Frequency mismatch will lead to many "smashing" events.

**Q:** (L) In other words, the frequency, the cosmic ray environment, or the frequency of the planet and our area of space-time is changing and they'll have like soul smashing events because they no longer fit?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Joe) Could that also mean that some particularly nasty people will attract smashing from space rocks?

**A:** Also possible!

**Q:** (Artemis) That reminds me of that thread where somebody reported things smashing and people were reporting things falling and breaking all over the place for them, too. Like the change in energies is activating a lot of psychic phenomena, or enhancing it.

(L) Well, this could also be kind of like that poor guy who got struck by lightning seven times. His DNA must have been his antenna that made him an attractor to lightning. Similar to that, some of these evil people may have DNA modifications because of their natures that make them also attractors to some as yet unknown energies or things.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) So they've really got space rocks out there with their names on them?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (Pierre) About the lightning... An electromagnetic link that connects us to the information field... I'm wondering... Could the C's tell us... We know there's a fractal component to these electromagnetic links. Could the C's tell us more about this electromagnetic connection? The nature or frequency...

(L) I think you're asking a question that would require a couple of hours longer than our arms can survive! You'd have to get your questions boiled down and save it for another session. I want to ask about viruses!

(Joe) Yeah!

(L) Let's move on because viruses are kinda interconnected to this. I understand that there are people who are writing that there are no such things as viruses - that viruses don't exist. Is that true?

**A:** No. We have already pointed out that viruses are information packets that can be easily sent between 4D and 3D.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, if I remember correctly, they said something along the lines that viruses were one of the generators of certain evolutionary changes - if you want to call them that - but they're like directed evolution. It's like Intelligent Design via viruses.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) That being the case, these people who make these claims, they insist that the whole thing is all about the terrain that viruses have never actually been seen. But... So, what's the deal here?

**A:** Terrain is important, but that is intermarried with FRV. FRV can be changed in a number of ways both internal and external. This is one of the reasons that knowledge protects. If you have knowledge of the ways and means of external modification, you can counter it.

**Q:** (L) And obviously if you have knowledge of the ways and means of internal modification, you can consciously modify your internal control over your FRV. So, you can deliberately expose yourself to certain things in order to build up your will, your strength, whatever. Choose the activities you engage in to strengthen a certain FRV or refuse other activities. Interact with certain people. It's kinda like that book about where they were talking about the pendulums... Getting involved with a group or getting certain things going on will increase or enhance your FRV and the strength of it. So, the terrain is important, and it can be modified internally or externally. If there are external modifications, then...

(Andromeda) External or internal modifications might determine how you DEAL with the virus.

(Chu) Or which viruses you attract.

(Andromeda) Right. Or if you get one like Corona that's supposed to be an upgrade in some way, whether or not you have extreme symptoms or whether you're susceptible to certain ones.

(L) It's like we were talking about the other day: a body, "the terrain", is like a city, a complex organism, and a single thing wrong – even if small – can lead to a cascade of events that make that terrain no longer healthy. If the garbage men go on strike, the city fills with garbage which causes rats and other vermin to multiply, and if something isn't done, that can lead to an epidemic. And garbage men can go on strike because of graft and corruption at higher levels. Also, in ancient times, there were city-states and they would make war with each other. That would be an analogy of another type of external influence to the breakdown of the terrain. But still, the breaking down of the terrain alone isn't all there is to it.

(L) So why are people going off on this thing about there being no viruses?

**A:** They have the virus!!

**Q:** (L) Are you being facetious there?

**A:** Only a little.

**Q:** (Joe) It's a very materialistic viewpoint. It's similar to the people who have decided that in terrorist attacks, it was all actors. Confronted with this idea that the government might actually harm them, willingly kill innocent people for their political agendas, they just shut down and cannot accept it. ...

**A:** Knowledge truly protects.

**Q:** (Chu) From viruses?

**A:** It can.

**Q:** (L) It's like we were talking about the other day... It's like Pavlov's experiments in transmarginal inhibition. You can bombard a creature with confusing or torturous signals or whatever to the point that it breaks something down in them. Then they can be altered mentally or emotionally. At the same time, many methods can be used to do this, including deliberately breaking down their health. These kinds of things are being directed at human beings continuously. The stresses of ordinary life, the propaganda, the contradictions... Those things are a constant. Another thing is that they're using various means like waves – a frequency fence, it was called once - and so forth like cell phone towers. And the Cs already said YEARS ago that those things turn your brain to Jello. And then you start believing things that are false. If you start believing things that are false or thinking a certain way, then your terrain is gonna be completely messed up and then you'll be more susceptible.

(Pierre) Yes, there is this beaming and this influence, but some people embrace those lies and some don't. There's a free will component which we discussed previously. But there's also from the recent session the fact that our connection to the information - to our thoughts basically - is connected to our proteins which are coded by our DNA which is composed in great part from viruses. When you see the No Plane theory, or the No Deaths at Boston Bombings theory, you see the same pattern of mass denial and SOME people embracing it. So it suggests that behind the virus thing, there might be a specific viral sequence that makes people prone to perceiving this kind of information again and again.

(Joe) Yeah. I don't know if you have to go that far with it, though. They've said before about the Actors theory that it's basically pattern recognition run amok.

(Andromeda) Or the Flat Earthers. They just don't have what it takes to comprehend the concept.

(Joe) They take it to an extreme. Black and white thinking. It's ALL a conspiracy - everything! Most people in the Western world today live in a materialistic paradigm. We can take a step back and see the bigger picture because we have a bigger cosmological or philosophical understanding behind it. But people who are focused only in the material world and they SEE correctly that there's something not right about this pandemic thing, they ascribe it ALL to material or worldly powers. Then they naturally decide that then everything is false - even viruses.

**A:** As we have said, it is not where you are, but who you are and what you see.

**Q:** (L) When you say, "what you see", you mean seeing the unseen, the truth underneath the lies?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And yet is it also true sometimes that where you are can make you more subject to being bombarded by external elements that are trying to change your FRV?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And in those cases you need to take extra precautions in order to maintain who you are and what you see with greater accuracy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So, there are many components to that little statement.

(PoB) These people have no respect for truth and reality and they prefer to be kind of exceptional or unique or whatever they think they are over what is real.

(L) Yeah, that's true. I've found myself to be wrong in my own thinking so many times that I came to rely on not just the Cs but on networking and kind of being ruthless about trying to peel away what's going on even in my own head. While it is true that when you hear something promoted by the media or even alternative sources that have not done any work on themselves, you can almost assume that the truth is exactly the opposite of what they are saying. But that isn't always true. They are tricky. Think about "Protocol 17" – there's a program for everyone.

(Joe) Yeah.

(Andromeda) People fixated on ideas like that don't have any ability to question, especially not their own thinking.

(L) At this point with their track record, I tend to give the Cs quite a bit more credibility - even more than my own ideas if I come up with something that's contrary or contradictory. The Cs have said that yes, viruses exist and are agents of change. I think I'll stick with that.

(Joe) Going in another direction, it seems that, apparently the flu has mostly disappeared at least from Western countries this winter. Has it? And if so, why?

**A:** Partly. Lockdowns have closed off main transmission vectors.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is there anything to the idea that the Coronavirus sort of displaces the flu in the sense that if you get it, it's harder to catch the flu?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) In other words, not so many people are getting sick as they're claiming. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) It suggests as well that a lot of flu cases are shifted...

(L) Into the Covid list.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) But the same is said about the stomach bugs for children because of schools being under lockdown. But what does that mean later for general immunity. If you keep people locked down, they're gonna be more vulnerable when the lockdown ends.

**A:** General immunity will fail.

**Q:** (L) In other words, people really need to get herd immunity by interacting with one another on an ongoing basis?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) And we have herd immunity that fails soon before a real pandemic...

(L) So if we have failed herd immunity to what's already out there and developing and mutating all the time, then something could come along and REALLY do a job...

**A:** Yes. Especially if the pathogen comes from outer space and is distributed globally in the very air everyone breathes.

**Q:** (L) Okay, so in other words... Now that makes me wonder... Is it possible that that's a planned effect? Weakening humanity by all of this virus pandemic nonsense is setting them up for a major decimation or wipeout event by a virus sent from outer space in some manner?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So... That's ugly.

**A:** Yes it is "evolution".

**Q:** (Pierre) That's what I was going to say. The main features are very similar to a mass extinction.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, okay. Has everybody got their favorite questions done?

(Niall) Is the Chinese government falsely imprisoning hundreds of thousands of Muslims in Xinjiang province?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Joe) It's probably happening, but not on a huge scale.

**A:** Only in cases of extreme radicalization.

**Q:** (Niall) Which is what the Chinese government is saying, so what they're saying is the truth. So that throws out the whole 'pathocracy' thing right there.

(L) Wait a minute, I want to know more about this Chinese business. Where is all the stuff about this "mass incarceration" coming from?

(Joe) Well, there is constant repetition of the term "China Virus" and repeated claims about "China's takeover of US corporations" and "Chinese communist ideology being behind the radical left in the US. Many people think that China is still a communist country. The only thing you hear from the mainstream media are references to China overtaking the US as the world's superpower. The conspiracy ideas come mainly from alternative conservative sources.

(L) Are any of those sources generally reliable with a track record?

(Joe) Nope. It's all hysterical nonsense like most of what passes for "news" these days.

(L) Well, conservative sources brought us the Iraq War by way of WMDs and dead premature babies killed by the evil Saddam. He was no Boy Scout, but he was definitely not as evil as he was depicted and was defamed in order to justify invasion. So, again, it sounds like "Protocol 17" – there is a program for everyone.

(Joe) You would not believe what some people are believing these days! Mush for brains! No real thinking; no careful analysis and considering all the implications and permutations!

(L) Maybe that's what the Cs mean when they say "it's the virus"?

(Joe) Maybe partly, for some. Seems to me that the process of cultural, social and psychological/emotional disintegration is accelerating, especially in the USA. Going back to the virus issues: A larger than normal number of people died as a result of Covid-19 vaccines as compared to the flu vaccine, for example...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is there anything wrong with the non-mRNA vaccines? Is there anything bad about them?

**A:** Safer.

**Q:** (Pierre) Is the reason why the Western powers want to enforce the mRNA vaccines because they contain obedience sequences?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Artemis) Didn't we want to ask about Deckard?

(L) Deckard wants to know why he got cancer.

**A:** FRV.

**Q:** (Pierre) Entropic FRV?

**A:** Not "entropic" so much as negative internalizations.

**Q:** (L) So, he really needs to work on his FRV. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is it as we were saying earlier in our discussion that dealing with karmic and simple understandings is the key? I wrote a post about it on the romance novel thread today [New title: Romantic Fiction, Reality Shaping and The Work] Is this one of the ways that can really help with that? It can take you through multiple processes by engaging in this reading project, thinking about it, and sharing with others what you are experiencing and learning?

**A:** Yes. True for nearly everyone.

**Q:** (L) Some of the people in the project thought that they could read 2 or 3 books and that'd do the job. My view of it is that it could take 100 books.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And that's because you can't find everything about your particular situation, plus you're dealing with processing out past life stuff too. So, it takes a lot of reading and going through different scenarios in order to learn these things.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright then... If nobody has any other questions.

(Joe) What about Revici?

(L) What's the question?

(Joe) Is there any merit in Revici's philosophy and treatments?

**A:** Yes, but August is not as intuitive and has to work things sometimes by trial and error. But she usually does.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, she doesn't have Revici's insight, but she knows the system and she works her way through it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Anything else major?

(Chu) Anything for group members?

(L) Yeah, do we have any message for us here or our group?

**A:** Yes, you have a period of time in which to work while the reality is disintegrating around you, do not waste it!!! Goodbye.

(L) So that means they need to get on board with the romance reading project!

(Andromeda) Absolutely. No lazing about! Get to that romance novel! (laughter)

(L) Well... It's a crazy way to do it, but dammit it seems to work! I mean, reading through that thread, people were having insights all over the place. Many are really seeing themselves for the first time. We've tried every other method... And NOW, people are actually having insights into their own thinking, their own behavior, seeing themselves as others see them. It's QUITE remarkable.

GET READIN' NOW!!

[New title: Romantic Fiction, Reality Shaping and The Work](https://cassiopaea.org/forum/threads/new-title-romantic-fiction-reality-shaping-and-the-work.49338/)

END OF SESSION

