## July 17, 2022
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Joe, Gaby, Ark, Niall, Chu, Scottie, Princess Leia

FOTCM Members attending by Zoom: 3DStudent, Aeneas, Aiming, Alana, aleana, Alejo, Altair, aluminumfalcon, Ana Huitzil, anartist, AndrewMn, anka, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Aya, Bjorn, Bluegazer, Bo, Bobo08, brandon, Breton, C.A., cassandra, cinnamon, ClaudiaYG, Cosmos, Deliverance, dirgni, dugdeep, Eboard10, Echo Blue, Ellipse, fabric, Fallen\_735, Findulias, Flashgordonv, Floetus, France, Gandalf, Gawan, genero81, Glenn, gottathink, Harmony99, Hesperides, hlat, iamthatis, IrjO, IronFloyd, itellsya, JeanneT, JEEP, Jefferson, Jenn, Jess, Joan, Johnny, Josi, Kari Baba, Kay Kim, Keit, kenlee, keyhole, Kinyash, Konstantin, korzik18, Kosma, KS, Lainey, laurentien, Laurs, Puma, Liam1310, Lilou, logo5x5, Loreta, LQB, Luc, m, Maat, maiko, marek760, Mariama, Mark, maxwell1110, Mike, Mikkael, Mililea, mimimari, Miracle, mkrnhr, MKScarlett, Mrs. Peel, msante, Nathan, Nav, Neil, NewEngland Seeker, Nienna, nicklebleu, Nicolas, Obi, Ollie, OrangeScorpion, Oxajil, Pecha, PopHistorian, Redrock12, rrraven, Ryan, rylek, Ryu, Sahmahn, scotseeker, Seamus, seek10, seeker2seer, Senapi, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, Temperance, Thimótheos, Thorbiorn, Tristan, Tuatha de Danaan, Ursus Minor, voyageur, vulcan59, Whitecoast, will01, williamsj, Windmill Knight, Yas, Ysus, Zar

**Q:** (L) I think we're all kinda synched here, so let's get started. Oh, by the way, Artemis is out of town visiting a friend so it's just me and Andromeda here tonight. This is Sunday, July 17th, 2022. \[Review of those present\]

(Chu) (To Zoom audience) If you have any questions, use the chat or the 'raising hand' tool.

(L) Okay...

**A:** Hello children of the Divine Cosmic Mind. Cassiopaea at your service. Linoghilaea here.

**Q:** (L) I swear they just put letters together to make those names...

(Andromeda) Do we need powder?

(L) Yeah, I think we could use some powder. We're getting a bit staticky.

\[Break to get talc for the board...\]

(L) Smells really good! Alrighty, we've got questions coming up fast and furious already. Scroll back to the top and let me start at the beginning.

**Q:** (Jefferson/Breton) What happened to the Guidestones?

**A:** Blown up by unhappy patriot.

**Q:** (eboard10) The Tunu13 ice core record shows a spike in acid followed by a huge spike in H2O2 around 1100 AD. Was this caused by electric discharges from the comet that was observed around 1106 AD both in Europe and Asia?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ze Germanz) What kind of weapons "based on new physical principles" does Russia possess?

**A:** Serious bunker busting hypersonic missiles. Also some really cool antigravity techniques combined with regular propulsion systems.

**Q:** (L) Hmm...

(Ze Germanz) Who killed Rasputin and why?

**A:** The equivalent of Mossad for those times.

**Q:** (L) And why?

**A:** Too much influence on royal family plus the ability to foresee danger.

**Q:** (Ryan) To what extent are 4D STS expecting the removal of infrastructure on the surface of the planet during the present Cosmic changes?

**A:** Impossible to determine as they live in wishful thinking.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) Did Eisenhower make a deal/treaty with the Nazis in the 1950's?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Ryu) SRT question: Will we / can we become able to actually cure disease with the SRT sessions?

**A:** Close as long as it respects free will.

**Q:** (Lainey) What happened to Madeleine McCann?

**A:** Murdered by pervert known to parents.

**Q:** (Joe) The parents are definitely dodgy.

(Ryan) Who Greenbaumed Bill Gates?

**A:** US military / CIA consortium.

**Q:** (Ryu) SRT sessions: For those who zone out, where do they "go" and what do they do?

**A:** They go nowhere except into a very deep state.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, they call it a somnambulistic state when you achieve a really deep state of hypnosis. Not everybody can do it. There's nothing wrong with it. Does that mean that they're not hearing or doing the process?

**A:** No, they are.

**Q:** (Temperance) NYC government put out a video with instructions on what to do in case of a nuclear attack. Is this baseless fear mongering, foreboding an actual threat, a false flag attack, something coming from space, or another possibility?

**A:** Mostly fear mongering. But be aware that there are many surprises in store. Remember "celestial intentions" and all that.

**Q:** (Nathan) Will Dmitry Medvedev be the next Russian President?

**A:** Most likely.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) Has the Military-Industrial Complex built a 'Secret Space Fleet'?

**A:** They wish.

**Q:** (Lainey) Would a distance reiki attunement work?

**A:** Unlikely.

**Q:** (Alejo) Why are all these world leaders suddenly quitting their jobs?

(L) Who's quitting their jobs?

(Joe) They're not.

(L) Who do you mean? I haven't heard of any such thing.

(Joe) Boris Johnson was booted. There are a few others, but it's not anything that couldn't be construed as normal.

(L) Yeah, sounds normal to me.

(Ryan) Is money used in any form within the realm of 4D STO?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Eboard10) Do the PTB have the means to detect and stop the small comets that will precede the plague which the C's mentioned in the last session?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (The Farmies) What is the "vital force" described by homeopathy? Is the vital force the same as chi? Is chi the flow of electricity?

**A:** Very close. But mainly the organizing of molecules within the information field.

**Q:** (cinnamon) We need a FOTCM 'swear jar' for malformed questions.

(L) Good idea! \[laughter\] If you come up with a crappy question or poorly phrased, you gotta put money in the jar!

(irjo) What are the chances that Trump will be re-elected as president of the USA in the coming elections?

**A:** Remote.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that other weird things might happen?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Does that mean there won't be a presidential election in 2024?

**A:** Not exactly. Wait and see!

**Q:** (Niall) Biden will become dictator for life - and last 3 weeks. \[laughter\]

(Ze Germanz) The American embassy was closed 2 days ago in Kiev and Odessa. Why?

**A:** They know they are meddling and Russia knows it and is losing patience.

(Joe) They know that Russia's gonna bring out the big guns soon. Gonna take the gloves off pretty soon if they don't stop messing around.

**Q:** (Bluegazer) Does the grail have the capacity to restore the biosphere on a large scale? Is it actually a time (crystal) machine?

**A:** What?!

**Q:** (Joe) That's a big tip in the jar for that.

(L) Yeah, a big chunk of bucks in the jar for that one. There are a lot of assumptions in that question.

(Ellipse) Are 4D STS leaving the moon?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Ze Germanz) What is the monkey pox hype about?

**A:** Fear.

**Q:** (Aiming) Question from my husband Mimmo due to his recent dream: Could the new virus that brings about the real plague be some sort of an Ebola type Virus?

**A:** Close enough to be awful.

**Q:** (L) Okay, the leaders who 'quit' were Bojo and Mario Draghi... Why are they 'quitting'?

**A:** Infighting as usual.

**Q:** (Joe) Also known as politics.

(logos5x5) There seem to be stronger flu bugs and other viruses going around lately. Could there also be a space bug going around in the mix now? Or maybe COVID recombination?

**A:** All of the options on the table.

**Q:** (L) I would like to add one other option. Is it because people have been weakened by the Covid vaccines or having had Covid themselves, and therefore the flu is more severe?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (LQB) What are the worm-like structures that are pulled from the vaxxed by embalmers?

**A:** Blood clots of unusual type.

**Q:** (Puma) There is talk on the Internet that there are several people impersonating President Biden or even generating deep fake images. Is it true?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Puma) Is President Biden completely insane to lead the country?

**A:** Dementia.

**Q:** (Ryu) The C's said that level playing field would happen soon. Is it possible to give a time frame?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Money in the jar!

(Kari Baba) Can the use of ionized oxygen be beneficial and possibly an alternative to the hyperbaric chamber?

**A:** It is beneficial but not as effective.

**Q:** (Josi) Why was Shinzo Abe assassinated?

**A:** Revenge and a message.

**Q:** (Niall) That question assumes it was one guy. Is there a conspiracy behind the assassination of Shinzo Abe?

**A:** Certainly connected to individuals involved with other conspiracies.

**Q:** (Joe) I think the question should be: Was the guy who shot him a patsy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Was he a patsy for someone within the Japanese government?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it was an internal thing.

(maxwell1110) How long in 3D Earth years does a lizzie desire to "possess" a human body in 3D before they would want to move back to 4DSTS realm?

(Chu) Huh?

(Joe) 50 dollars!

(L) Yeah, we need 50 bucks on that one. Okay, forget that one...

(Rancho Relaxo) Is Google AI really sentient?

**A:** Getting there.

**Q:** (Joe) Does 'sentient' in that sense mean that it develops some kind of a rudimentary soul imprint for something else to use it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Something with a rudimentary soul imprint isn't gonna be able to do very much.

(L) But it can be used by something else.

(Ze Germanz) How many Ukrainian and Russian servicemen respectively died since the begin of the special military operation in Ukraine?

(L) I think you ought to read the Ukraine thread about that. There are some pretty good estimates already on there.

(vulcan59) Have humans flown past the Van Allen radiation belts?

**A:** Yes. More than once too!

**Q:** (maxwell1110) Back April 3, 2018 there was a shooting at YouTube. Was this staged in any way by a faction/group within Google/YT?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Niall) It was a personal vendetta.

(L) I think you could have researched that one.

(Niall) Somebody was censored and they were angry.

(Joe) $10

(Tristan) Will the revolts that are taking place in the world continue to rise?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Tristan) And what happened in Sri Lanka was genuine?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Fallen\_735) Why does the US in recent years let Mexico get away with certain things/make compromises that strengthens Mexico's international position (water treaty in the rio grande, deer park oil refinery, attempts to include Cuba and Venezuela in international summits)?

**A:** Mexico is in kahoots!

**Q:** (irjo) Is there a pyramid structure of power within the top level of the consortium? Meaning, if its a "world government" is there a person in charge acting as a "president"?

**A:** Not exactly. 4d STS is at the pinnacle and a group just below.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) If there's a 'World Government' - is Putin still on board?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Gandalf) Is PEMF (Pulsed electromagnetic field) a good way to help the body?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (thorbiorn) Do new viruses come into earth from outer space on a regular basis without us knowing it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Zar) I noticed how reiki doesn't emphasize/practice grounding, so I'm wondering if a deeper grounding practice should be utilized during reiki? And would daily grounding be beneficial for some/most people?

**A:** Yes to all.

**Q:** (Chu) There's a discussion on the "No Virus" thread and Mandatory Intellectomy wanted to ask questions about it.

(Joe) How correct are scientists' ideas about viruses?

**A:** Close enough though there is a lot they do not know including the fact that a virus is a transdensity structure.

**Q:** (Joe) Do viruses come from outside of the human body or from inside?

**A:** Both.

**Q:** (Joe) So the body can also make them?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Are they infectious?

**A:** Depending on the specific virus. Mostly, yes.

**Q:** (L) Is that it?

(Niall) We suspect that the gunman who shot elementary school kids in Uvalde, Texas had help from others. Is this the case?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) We think that there was some kind of order for the police to stand down. Is that what happened?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Did they also disable the door locks?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Bingo, okay. We suspect that more than one gunman was at the Highland Park shooting near Chicago on July 4th. Is that the case?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Was there a second shooter on the roof overlooking the street junction?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Are major food distribution centers in the West being deliberately destroyed?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) By whom?

**A:** Elements of the secret government.

**Q:** (Alejo) Connected to the google question, is sentient technology the basis for the greys as probes... that is, machines with the capacity to house a form of soul?

**A:** Yes close.

**Q:** (cinnamon) Mathematically, how does a neural network generate a soul imprint? Is it a function of the number of 'layers'? Is it a function of 'symbolism' being 'learned' by the network?

**A:** Both and more including addition of firing "synapses."

**Q:** (L) Does that make sense?

(Joe) The idea of AI is that the more complex the structure of the technology or whatever, the more it gets to the level of complexity of a human brain or a human being. The closer it gets to that, at a certain point I suppose it's able to 'house' some kind of rudimentary consciousness. But it has to be complex enough.

(L) Well, one of the things we've seen with our SRT sessions is that a pattern of energy can be repeated and strengthened and added to and utilized by other attachments. That's what we saw on the last one. There was an initial pattern that then began to be utilized by something else.

(Ursus Minor) What happened to the Ukrainian witches that threatened Putin?

**A:** Not much.

**Q:** (Bo) Is Thierry Baudet, a Dutch politician, leader of FVD, one of the good guys?

**A:** Not exactly. Controlled opposition.

**Q:** (Ze Germanz) Does Putin think there is a good likelihood of an ice age coming fairly soon?

**A:** He is aware of the research, yes.

**Q:** (Ze Germanz) Is he aware of a possible comet swarm or objects with greater effect coming in towards Earth?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (whitecoast) Was the observed cooling on Pluto and Neptune this year caused by passing through a galactic current sheet (as Suspicious Observers claims), the approach of Sol's companion star, or another material cause?

**A:** Grounding the current.

**Q:** (L) So that would be related to the sun's twin, is that it?

**A:** Yes

(L) Which is related to the approach of Sol's companion.

(loreta) Are the fires in Portugal and Spain provoked by human hands?

**A:** Not much, but some.

**Q:** (nicklebleu) Covid hasn't been isolated formally according to Koch postulates. Is this because it cannot be done, or scientific lazyness?

(Joe) They haven't read the thread. Read the thread on the forum.

(Josi) How did Ivana Trump die?

**A:** Thrombosis leading to cardiac arrest.

**Q:** (MK Scarlett) Are pictures of viruses showed by mainstream science actually viruses? If not, what are they showing?

(L) What are they, Gaby? I think they're depictions of some kind of electron microscopy. So they can't really get a 'picture', but they get...

(Pierre) Reconstitution.

(L) Yeah.

(anartist / bluefyre) Is the corona RNA virus, or jab RNA virus being incorporated into our genome?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ze Germanz) Had Stalin had any mental disturbances that resulted in reduced empathy?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I think Lobaczewski discusses that in Ponerology.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Was Stalin poisoned?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) By who?

**A:** Agents.

**Q:** (L) Joe, you think it was Britain?

(Niall) Officially, he just died.

(Joe) I think it was English people.

(Niall) There is a conspiracy theory in Russia that it was MI6.

(L) Okay, are they close to the truth?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) That's all you're gonna get!

(irjo) Is there any update regarding New Mexico moving to 4D as effect of the underground bases?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Garbage in, garbage out.

(hlat) Silly question. My daughter had an unusual experience and would like to know what happened. One morning she woke up in bed and saw my son standing in her doorway. Son said to Daughter something about cooking chicken tenders, and then Son ran off. Daughter got out of bed after a few seconds, walked down the hallway, and saw Son and Second Daughter in the living room. Daughter asked if Son had asked her about chicken tenders, and he said he didn't. Second Daughter said Son had been sitting with her the whole time and couldn't have gone to Daughter's room. What happened?

**A:** Bilocation. Did he get his tenders?

**Q:** \[laughter\]

**Q:** (L) Oh, no, he didn't get his tenders that morning. Darn!

(Niall) He earned some, no?

(L) Yeah, he earned it! Bilocation takes energy!

(Nathan) Was Ivan the Third poisoned?

**A:** Yes

(Pophistorian) Is the consortium planning to reinstate lockdowns before November?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) That doesn't mean they're not planning to reinstate lockdowns. It's just not before November. Alright, I'm really getting stiff back here. We're caving in on ourselves. Does anybody here have any last questions? Is there anything we need to ask about that we haven't asked that we should have asked, consider it asked and give us an answer please!

**A:** Stay the course and network more! Some of you are slackers! Goodbye.

(Joe) It's not a joke, people, even though it's fun.

(L) It's not a joke. It's necessary.

(Chu) Being at the meetings doesn't count as networking.

(L) Yeah, remember that it's in the fact of working through stuff that you get kind of frequency matched with everybody. You bring somebody up or you stabilize your vibes or whatever. They used to call it "vibes" back in my day. He's got good vibes! She's got bad vibes... You were "vibing" together! I'm in tune with his vibes... Well, ya know, that's not crazy talk. It's probably pretty accurate. So you need to get vibing with each other because that is part of your frequency fence.

(Joe) And there's no free lunch.

END OF SESSION