## April 23, 2022
Laura, Andromeda, and Artemis at the board

Pierre, Joe, Chu, PoB, Ark, Scottie, Gaby, Niall, Pikabu the Cat

**Q:** (L) Today is April the 23rd, 2022. The usual suspects: \[Review of those present\] Alright. Hello? Anybody there?

A: Moiloiaea of Cassiopaea and good evening to all.

**Q:** (L) Alright. I guess we'll start with questions. Honey, you can start.

(Ark) Yes?

(L) Yes.

(Ark) What are densities?

A: States of awareness in interaction with information.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean the state of awareness interacting with the information somehow affects what is "real" to use a loose term?

A: More or less.

**Q:** (Ark) Awareness of whom?

A: Consciousness that is capable.

**Q:** (Ark) I don't understand. Which consciousness? Whose consciousness? I don't understand.

A: Wave reading consciousness units.

**Q:** (Ark) Where is this wave reading consciousness unit? Where is it?

A: You are one.

**Q:** (Ark) It means densities are totally subjective, or is it objective?

A: Both.

**Q:** (Ark) How is it objective? In which sense? How is it objective if it is related to wave reading consciousness unit. Wave reading consciousness unit is subjective, so how can densities be objective? Physics needs objectivity.

A: If the wave reading consciousness unit aligns with the consciousness of the field, then the perception is more objective than subjective.

**Q:** (Ark) What is consciousness?

A: Life.

**Q:** (Ark) What is life?

A: Consciousness.

**Q:** (Pierre) It's getting circular.

(Ark) What is information?

A: All.

**Q:** (Ark) Can physics describe densities?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) How?

A: Algebra.

**Q:** (Ark) What kind of algebra?

A: Simple.

**Q:** (Ark) What is the relation between densities and dimensions?

(L) They've already answered that question. That's in the transcripts.

(Ark) Yeah but there is no answer for that.

A: Dimensions are a human construct we have used as there are no better available terms.

**Q:** (Ark) But algebra is also a human concept, yes?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Everything we use in physics is a human concept, yes?

A: Which is why you are having so much confusion.

**Q:** (Ark) But algebra is using dimensions. It's not a human concept. It's an algebraic concept. And we need dimensions if we want to use algebra.

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) How many dimensions?

A: Infinite.

**Q:** (Ark) Are these dimensions related to space and time?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) But space is 3-dimensional. Where is the rest of the infinite dimensions?

A: Many iterations.

**Q:** (Ark) Many iterations... Iterations of what?

A: Space and time.

**Q:** (Ark) Does it have anything to do with quantum theory or not?

A: Very little, actually.

**Q:** (Ark) Does it have anything to do with Einstein's theory of gravity?

A: Even less.

**Q:** (Ark) So, with which part of physics it has to do?

A: Modern concepts do not define as such.

**Q:** (Ark) Can you please explain it, this sentence?

A: There is no relevant construct that you can name or mention from your modern terminology.

**Q:** (Ark) What about ancient terminology? Were there such concepts that have been forgotten?

A: Possibly.

**Q:** (Arky) No clue? What concepts would do? If not ancient, if not modern, then what? No hope? Hmm. Okay, I am done.

(L) Next?

(Joe) On March 21st, the China Eastern Airline that flew straight into the ground... What was the cause?

A: Guidance system run amok after air burst.

**Q:** (Pierre) And what was the cause of the air burst?

A: Meteoric object breaching realm barrier.

**Q:** (Andromeda) That was my first guess.

(Pierre) Yeah, me too. We agreed on that. Breaching the realm barrier...

(Niall) The meteor wasn't coming through space. It merged...

(Andromeda) It came through a portal, pretty much.

(Niall) Was it a merging of...

(Pierre) From 4D?

A: Every object entering your realm does not have to come from 4D. Refer back to Ark's questions about dimensions. Also consider what has been said about window fallers and Flight 19.

**Q:** (Pierre) I have a stupid question.

(L) You wanna ask a stupid question?

(Pierre) Yes.

(L) It seems to be the night for it. \[laughter\]

(Pierre) At the time on Kantek was there more oxygen than on Earth nowadays?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) That was a good question.

(Pierre) Does it explain partly...

A: There was also more oxygen on Earth at times in the past.

\[ ...SHORT BREAK... \]

**Q:** (Pierre) Did the Ukrainian witches perform a ritual against Putin?

A: Yes

**Q:** (L) Was their ritual efficacious?

A: Not much.

**Q:** (L) And why was it not efficacious?

A: Many more were acting as guardians and protectors.

**Q:** (L) So there were more people protecting and guarding Putin than there were people trying to send bad vibes at him. Is that it?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Did it bounce back?

A: In process. Hubris.

**Q:** (Joe) Does Putin have any kind of significant chronic illness?

A: No. Just stress. He would also benefit from hyperbaric treatments!

**Q:** (L) Speaking of which, Ark wants to know how many treatments he has to take before he gets smart?

A: 27 will get you out of the current muddy rut.

**Q:** (Ark) Okay, I'm already getting out. What about quaternion algebra? Is it relevant to wave reading units?

A: Absolutely.

**Q:** (Ark) Yes? What about octonions? Are they better or worse? They are non-associative. Ooo!

A: Better.

**Q:** (Ark) Better! Oh my goodness. Better!

(Scottie) Just talking about the hyperbaric chamber is helping!

(Artemis) How many hyperbaric chamber sessions would I need to cure me of anything I need curing of?

A: 35

**Q:** (Andromeda) A little over a month.

(Pierre) When Joe asked about me recovering motricity the C's answer was: "Vitamin C plus..." Were they referring to the hyperbaric chamber?

A: Very likely.

**Q:** (L) Yeah, how come I thought of the hyperbaric chamber all of a sudden out of the blue? I still cannot trace a single thing that triggered it. I read nothing, I saw nothing, I heard nothing... It just emerged as urgent.

A: You were channeling as you often do spontaneously.

**Q:** (L) Alright.

(Pierre) Our meditations... To me, it seemed like it's raising the FRV of planet Earth.

(Joe) Things are getting better, yeah. \[laughter\]

A: Needs more application.

**Q:** (L) Well, going along with that question: Is our current interaction with the coronavirus gonna provide us with any upgrades?

A: In some respects. But remember what was said about parasites at times of major change and remain vigilant and proactive.

**Q:** (L) In other words, don't just assume that things can go a positive way without taking action yourself. Like hyperbaric chambers or vitamin C or ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, and all of that.

(Pierre) Previously, the C's said that, triple bad day for Rockefeller and the like. Social, economic, and health wise. And they added in a subsequent session: FRV alteration. So, we might contribute to their fall. Now, is there any relation between the triple bad day remark and the April Drop Dead date remark?

A: Weak relationship.

**Q:** (Joe) Why is the Chinese government imposing very harsh lockdowns in Shanghai?

A: They know things about US experiments.

**Q:** (L) So there could be some kind of thing going around there that the US was messing around with that they aren't making any announcement about.

(Joe) Does that mean they're picking up on a more recent or newer dispersement of some kind of germ or something?

(L) Yeah.

(Joe) That's limited to China obviously.

(L) At this point.

(Andromeda) Unless that's what we have, too.

(Niall) Russia and China are both surrounded by American biolabs doing things.

(Gaby) In a prior session, they were saying it was not mostly the US experiments that were a threat to humanity, but instead a space virus. So, if that's the case, in theory if there's a 4th density STS virus coming up, will it be a DNA or an RNA virus?

A: RNA.

**Q:** (Gaby) And what kind of disease will it produce?

A: Most likely to be similar to primitive smallpox.

**Q:** (Pierre) Primitive smallpox is nasty. It's a descendant of the Black Death.

(L) I think we decided that primitive smallpox was the Black Death.

(Gaby) Smallpox is a DNA virus. So if this is an RNA virus, it could be nastier I suppose.

(Pierre) With 79% death rate, it's nasty.

(Joe) What kind of treatments would be effective against such a critter?

A: Vit C and oxygen.

**Q:** (Artemis) Speaking of healing therapies, I recently came across tuning fork sound therapy. Have you ever heard of that?

(Chu) Yeah.

(Artemis) Have you ever tried it before?

(Pierre) Yes.

(Artemis) You have? And?

(Joe) It was noisy.

(L) Nothing to write home about.

(Artemis) I wanted to ask them because I saw some videos about this woman who was doing it and they were actually having a lot of energetic releases. So I wanted to know if it's something we could do here to help us with anything. Is there anything good about it?

A: Gently helpful mainly at the emotional level.

**Q:** (Artemis) Okay, so if you have emotional issues that contribute to physical issues, then it could help in that way.

A: Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Was the Russian flagship Moskva hit by a missile?

A: Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Was it the Ukies or did the US and allies have a direct hand in it?

A: US direct hand. CIA.

**Q:** (Joe) Ukies wouldn't be up to that.

(L) Alright. No more questions?

(Ark) I have a question. Should theory of gravity be formulated rather as electromagnetism instead of what Einstein did where he created like a metric or whatever?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Yes it should, yes?

A: Yes

**Q:** (Ark) Should electromagnetic theory be extended to take into account magnetic monopoles?

A: Yes

(Ark) I think they are a clue to this chirality.

(Pierre) Yes. It's an enigma.

(L) Anything else from anybody?

A: Be aware that you are currently under attack by forces that wish to silence you and end your exertions on behalf of your group in specific and the planet in general. These forces are getting desperate and will attempt to use any inroad possible. Be awake and alert at all times. Any disputes or disagreements can be easily blown out of proportion to your destruction. And then, when the negative energy is withdrawn, the devastation left will be amplified by the knowledge that it was all a deception. \[Planchette swirls around and around for about 45 seconds\] You have been warned. Do not take this lightly. Communicate and listen. It will take all of you together to navigate these dangers!!! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION

