## April 8, 2023
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Joe, Pierre, Gaby, Possibility of Being, Ark, Scottie, Chu, Niall, Pikabu the Cat

FOTCM Members participating via Zoom:

3DStudent, A Jay, Abats, Adobe, Aeneas, Aiming, Alana, Alejo, Altair, Anamarija, Anartist, AndrewMn, Andrian, annp, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Aragorn, Beorn , Bluefyre, Bobo08, brandon, Breton, cassandra, Chad, cinnamon, Cosmos, Deliverance, dirgni, dugdeep, Ellipse , fabric, Fallen\_735, finduilas495, Gandalf, Gawan, genero81, Glenn, goyacobol, herondancer, Hesper, hesperides, IrjO, JeanneT, JEEP, Jefferson, jess, Jono, Josi, Juba, Keit, kenlee, KJN, korzik18, KS, Lainey, Lilou, logos5x5, Loreta, LQB, Lucius, Manitoban, marek760 , Mari, Mariama, Mark, MARTINA, Matt, Mililea, mimimari, mkrnhr, Msante, Navigator, NewEngland Seeker, Nicholas, Nienna, Obi, Ollie, Oxajil, Pecha, PERLOU, Pophistorian, Puma, Redfox, Redrock12, Regulattor, rrraven, Ryan, rylek , ryu, Saman, Scotseeker, Seamus, seek10, seeker2seer, Sinapi, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, SummerLite, T.C., Terran, Theodor, thorbjorn, Tristan, Turgon, Ursus Minor, Voyageur, whitecoast, will01, williamsj, Windmill Knight, Yas, Ysus, Zar

**Q:** (L) I'm hoping everybody has questions tonight. What's going on in the world besides...

(Joe) Nonsense?

(L) I mean, it's just the usual horrible things. When the C's said it was gonna be rocky ahead, they weren't kidding. I don't think they were necessarily at all talking about earthquakes or comets or rocks in space or anything. Rocky is, you know, a pretty rocky road. And that poor guy Trump. He's having it pretty rocky for sure. Yeah. US, I mean come on... De-dollarization, everything's going to, go down the tubes in no time flat. There's gonna be hyperinflation, people are gonna be pushing wheelbarrows full of money, just to go buy a candy bar, a cup of coffee and... I wouldn't like to be in the middle of that. But here we are!

(Joe) No, CBDCs are gonna save the day.

(L) What?

(Joe) Central Bank Digital Currencies? Ya know the way the dollar's kind of collapsing and....

(Andromeda) Kind of fake?

(Joe) It's kinda paper money. That was so 20th century. Let's just do digital currencies and wipe the slate clean.

(L) You think that's what they're gonna do?

(Joe) They're gonna try.

(L) Oh brother.

(Niall) Financial reset.

(L) Well, my little social security check is gonna be worth absolutely zero by the time they're done with that. And it's already close enough. \[laughter\] So, okay, let's get ready. I don't have any questions.

(Joe) Comets.

(L) Comets?

**A:** Morebuntk of Cassiopaea here.

**Q:** (L) And I guess I better say it was what, the...

(Joe) Eighth.

(L) The 8th of April, 2023. God, how did we get to April so fast? Yeah, 2023 and everybody's here.

(Scottie) What's with that name? Morebutnk.

(L) \[Review of those present\]

(Joe) How do you spell Morebuntk?

(Chu) M o r e b u n t k.

(Joe) That's because of the German influence. \[laughter\]

**A:** Not horor soon.

**Q:** (L) Did you say, "Not horror soon"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Not horror soon. Hmm...

(Joe) What's that mean?

**A:** Endings and beginnings.

**Q:** (L) Did you mean to say horror like H O R R O R?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) But I suppose, I guess just from the way I feel, energy is low.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) So not horror soon?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So there is not going to be horror soon?

**A:** Not sooner than you think.

**Q:** (Joe) In other words, there's nothing imminent.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Which is, was in response to you saying dollar deflation or de-dollarization, wheelbarrows full of money, that kind of stuff.

(L) So it's not gonna be that bad that soon.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well then y'all calm down and just ignore me. Okay, questions?

**A:** Long time before the complete collapse.

**Q:** (L) Well, when you say "long time", I'm wondering if you're just… time is as distorted as when you say "short time"?

**A:** Probably.

**Q:** (Joe) What did you mean by that? What did you mean by what you said? You're wondering if...

(L) Well, I mean sometimes they say help is coming soon and "help is coming soon" can go on for years and years. You know, "soon" can be years and years. So maybe a long time can be either a very short time or...

**A:** Yes. We do not want any of you to worry as it can change outcome.

**Q:** (L) Worry changes outcome?

**A:** Often, yes.

**Q:** (L) All right. You got a question, Joe?

(Joe) What's that one? The one I showed you the... "bright new comet discovered zooming towards the sun could outshine the stars next year. The newly discovered comet, C2023A3, is making a close approach around the sun for the first time in 80,000 years and might be as bright as a star in the fall of 2024."

(L) Yeah?

(Joe) And we were... the 80,000 years thing - date - made people think of Kantek maybe?

**A:** Associated but not directly.

**Q:** (Joe) Right.

(L) It's not a part of Kantek that was flung off and became a comet?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Is it part of a giant comet that came into the solar system and interacted with Kantek, causing it to explode?

**A:** Close, but not exactly. At the time there were numerous disturbances.

**Q:** (Joe) No doubt. I have a question about blood clots. Are they good? No, I'm just kidding. Dugdeep, Pierre, Mike, and Laur**A:** four people in a short period of time had clotty issues. What's the question…?

**A:** All part of the COVID operation. But depends on the individual state how will manifest. For example, Laura had slight occlusions in small veins and they broke loose and collected in vein next size up.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that, even individuals who just had COVID itself, not the vaccines, that there can be clotting issues?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) Right, because COVID was the vaccine.

(Joe) I mean the modification of the actual virus. So the whaddaya call it....

**A:** The vaccine produces massive clots due to concentration of spike protein as well as shock to the body.

**Q:** (Niall) They didn't have the vaccine.

(Joe) Huh? It, no, it doesn't matter. I mean, the original vaccine, i.e. the original SARS-CoV-2 two was a vaccine that became a virus that got released in China or whatever. And it was modified already. The spike protein was modified to have that effect on the body, basically. And then they went ahead and made a vaccine that actually reproduced that spike protein.

(L) So in other words, when you get the COVID, you get some, the spike protein business going on, and you can have any number of these effects that people have from the vaccine. But they would be, how to say it, they're ameliorated in some way if it's just the sickness and not the vaccine?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And why are they ameliorated?

**A:** Immune system has time to gear up and the overall shock is lessened.

**Q:** (Joe) Well, the original vaccine/virus that they made in the lab or modified in the lab - modified and released in China, that didn't instruct people's bodies to make the spike protein. The mRNA vaccine that they produced afterwards actually instructed your body and a lot of your cells...

(L) Yeah, that's what they're saying.

(Joe) But there's a big difference between those. They're talking about when you instruct your cells to make the spike protein, which is an antigen, it's like an invader in any and every cell of your body. I mean, you immediately have autoimmune issues...

(L) It's genetic manipulation of your cells.

(Joe) You're instructing your body to attack your own cells, basically.

(L) Right.

(Joe) That didn't happen with the virus itself.

(L) Right. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Gaby) Will a fecal transplant be helpful to fight infections in general? Viral infections?

**A:** Yes. Choose donors carefully.

**Q:** (L) Gaby was asking about fecal transplants because there is a woman who gave a talk and she says that all these people who had, was it the vaccine or just those who had COVID?

(Gaby) Both.

(L) Both vaccinated and people who just had COVID that they were… lacking.

(Gaby) Bifidobacteria.

(L) Bifidobacteria in their intestines that somehow COVID killed it all off.

(Gaby) And that creates a folic acid deficiency that I've been seeing since the COVID. You know, everybody's deficient in folic acid...

(L) Folic acid deficiency.

(Joe) As a result of good bacterial die-off.

(Andromeda) It helps produce the folic acid. And that's hard to replace with just regular probiotics.

(L) Yeah, but if the COVID causes it and practically everybody's had it, are there people who can have it and it doesn't destroy all their bifidobacteria?

**A:** Yes but it is largely destructive in that way.

**Q:** (L) So there are people where it doesn't destroy everything, but it can mess 'em up to some extent until they recoup.

(Joe) And obviously they are, with proper good gut bacteria, balance is very important for immune function.

(L) Can you also replace it with using probiotics or...?

(Gaby) Fermented foods.

(L) Fermented foods or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) People should take folic acid then?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Y'all take folic acid. Go and get some right now on Amazon! \[laughter\]

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) All right, next? Are we done with that subject? Let's see if anybody on Zoom has questions... I'm just going to pick some of these at random, but then you're gonna see how this affects the sessions when you start picking just random questions because then you have all kinds of questions scattered all through the sessions that don't have follow up.

(Caesarea) In the previous session, you said the World Economic Forum would achieve 80% of their plans in the USA. What percentage have they currently achieved?

**A:** 60

**Q:** (Pierre) I have a question. It was reported that the speed of light was having variation between the twenties and the forties.

(Andromeda) 1929 and 1945.

(Pierre) And what is the cause of this variation?

**A:** Variations in density subjugation.

**Q:** (Joe) So does that mean the extent to which planet Earth 3D was subjugated to the influence of higher densities?

**A:** Density.

**Q:** (Pierre) And does density have something to do with gravity?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Does this variation in the speed of light affect our connection to the information field?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So it suggests that in 1929, there was a variation in the density subjugation. Does that imply an increased control of...?

**A:** Gravity wave.

**Q:** (Joe) Does it have anything to do with the 1929 Great Depression? That's the question.

**A:** More or less, yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And you were saying that was about 20 years, and what did you compare? The Great Depression and today?

(L) Yeah, but, and not necessarily because I thought anything was, because I don't know anything about any speed of light variations now or anything like that. I just noticed that there was a period that was the Great Depression. It started right before the war. Yeah. I mean, 1928 would be very similar to now. We haven't quite reached hyperinflation, all that sort of thing, but we're really getting very close to that breaking point. And then 1945 was at the end of World War II and it just struck me that that period was just so dramatic in terms of the stuff that was going on economically and globally. The war... I mean, millions of people dying and that sort of thing. So we know that now we're having this economic crisis. I don't know if it's gonna be as serious or severe as that one was, at least not for the entire world. But we are also having the rumbling of all this war business going on in the background. Now, does that mean that there's also going to be a concomitant change in the speed of light? Is something gonna happen about gravity? Are the two correlated? I don't know. No, I don't know any of those things, but it just struck me that that was an interesting phenomenon.

(Joe) Are variations in the density subjugation a natural phenomenon?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Gaby) They said gravity wave. So it was something cosmological?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) How do variations in the speed of light affect/modulate the connection between us and the information field?

**A:** Gravity is the key.

**Q:** (L) So once you said that gravity is a binder. And you said that gravity is collecting information - or collecting knowledge is like collecting gravity.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Is sharing it like dispersing it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So...

**A:** No more on this!

**Q:** (Joe) It's a very sensitive topic. We might get in trouble. \[laughter\]

(Aragorn) Finland has now become a NATO member, and it has one of the more capable armies in Europe. Will the PTB try to turn Finland into a battleground against Russia?

**A:** Yes. Not with great success, however.

**Q:** (LQB) The World's Fair expositions in the US in the late 18 hundreds and early 19 hundreds are very anomalous. Did some of these massive structures exist prior to the expositions? Was some form of alternate energy used in their construction? Were these expositions used to program the masses and impose false history?

(L) Now, wait a minute. Let's back up here. These World Fair expositions are very anomalous. Why are they very anomalous? Where's LQB? I wanna understand this. LQB, where are you?

(LQB) They were built in very short periods of time. Very large structures and current contractors don't believe they could ever do that today.

(L) Wow. Okay. Did some of these massive structures exist prior to the expositions?

**A:** Partly and expanded.

**Q:** (LQB) Was some form of alternative energy used in their construction?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (LQB) Were these expositions used to program the masses and impose false history?

**A:** Not exactly as the question is composed, but yes, there were nefarious systems involved. This topic could be more carefully analyzed for clues.

**Q:** (L) Huh. Well, I never heard of that, so I guess we'll have to start a thread on it. Okay...

(Ursus Minor) Whose technology is depicted on the Abydos Temple hieroglyphic panel?

**A:** Alien.

**Q:** (annp) Are the countries recently joining BRICS and BRICS plus less afraid of the CIA now?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (annp) Have Russia slash China given them some anti-CIA pesticides? \[laughter\]

**A:** Not exactly, but have given tech and intel assurance of backup if needed.

**Q:** (L) So they let 'em know that they would help them with tech and intel if they need it.

(Ursus Minor) What made the Subterraneans and Atlanteans develop bi-density, and will the newbies in 4D be bi-density at first?

**A:** Bad question. Rethink and separate.

**Q:** (L) So you need to divide that question up. I mean, do we know that the Atlanteans developed bi-density or that the subterraneans developed bi-density? That's an assumption. And will the newbies in 4D be bi-density at first? Yeah. You need to re-form that. Okay...

(Toronto Group) Do any of the 3D elite known to the general population visit the subterranean civilizations talked about in previous sessions?

**A:** Not well thought out question.

**Q:** (T.C.) On February 22, 1950, a Baptist church in Beatrice, Nebraska exploded at 7:27pm. Choir practice was supposed to start at 7:15pm. Every member of the choir was late for a different, independent reason and all turned up minutes after the explosion thinking everyone else would be in the church. How were they saved, and did it have anything to do with the fact that they all sang together every week?

**A:** Limbic resonance and yes.

**Q:** (Toronto Group) What kind of impact, if any, will the National Citizens Inquiry in Canada have?

(L) What is the National Citizens Inquiry? We should have some background in the session so that the reader will be able to know what we're talking about.

(Toronto Group) It's a grassroot cell movement that's been started to gather information from all sectors on how the the COVID tyranny happened. And there's people involved, like Bruce Party who was involved with the truckers, has been questioned. They're questioning all different… just ordinary people that have been affected by the jabs and people that have been affected by all the lockdowns. So the ostracization… and it's multi-level. It's just started and they're going to be going all the way across Canada.

(L) And who's in charge of doing this National Citizens Inquiry?

(Toronto Group) There's no one person in charge. Several people have started it.

(L) So it's like a grassroots thing? It's not like of a formal government...

(Toronto Group) No, it's like the trucker's movement. There's no person leading it and there's no funding except from people's donations. So, it feels very similar to the trucker convoy thing.

(L) So you wanna know what kind of impact it will have?

(Toronto Group) Will it only be preaching to the choir or will it reach more people like internationally as well as just in Canada?

**A:** It will help to connect people, but not much movement against the power structure.

**Q:** (JEEP) Will the turmoil surrounding the Trump persecution lead to civil war / revolution?

**A:** It is certainly heading in that direction.

**Q:** (Toronto Group) Follow up to the C's response about amyloid plaque that embalmers are finding: The C's said it was the body's defense system that creates the plaque. What is the body defending itself against?

(L) Spike proteins, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) Was life on Mars annihilated by a nuclear event or was it the Mars-Earth calamity?

**A:** Latter and other factors.

**Q:** (Ellipse) Did blood types appear naturally or was there some engineering done?

**A:** Engineering.

**Q:** (Farmies) What adjustments can be made in HBOT treatment to maximize production of stem cells?

**A:** It takes longer with lower pressure as you have already discussed. But a regular program of high intensity training can help.

**Q:** (L) So by that you mean like weight lifting?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Crossfit is not high-intensity training. Not only Crossfit. Lifting weights.

(Joe) That's part of it.

(L) But there's some parts of Crossfit that SOME people can't do.

(Joe) They said there was less gravity on earth in the past, right? Did that change the atmospheric pressure on the earth?

**A:** Not by much. Atmospheric pressure depends more on thickness and density of atmosphere. Greenhouse gases can stimulate densification of atmosphere.

**Q:** (L) Is it better to have a more dense atmosphere?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) When there was less gravity, was there any difference in the oxygen concentration of the atmosphere?

**A:** Slight, yes.

**Q:** (Joe) I was just thinking that when there's less gravity, there might have been more atmosphere and more oxygen, meaning that everybody would be walking around in an HBOT while living on the planet.

(Ryan) Why, at the end of the previous session, did Laura feel so tired, when many other group members felt energised, or felt a strong energy regarding the session? If this is purely due to psychic exertion on Laura’s part, is there any way group members can bolster her energy levels so she feels more refreshed after a session?

**A:** Ask better questions. A lot depends on the aim, goal, and intent of the question.

**Q:** (Joe) Yeah. It's like if you've thought about the question and thought about it as not just something you personally would like to know, but something that has more universal importance or would be universally helpful to more people, that probably takes more effort to actually formulate a question like that. Think about it beforehand. And that's inputting positive energy into the actual question and into your intent. And maybe that produces a positive energy transfer to the person who's answering the question. It's the same with a normal conversation in real life, you know? The more open and sincere and honest and well thought out your discussion is with someone else, the more the other person can benefit from it and receive. And there can be a mutual...

(L) I think there's something else. Something else. And that is how much effort has the person put forward to get the answer for themself before they ask the question? Because if they are just asking it because they're merely curious and haven't done any work on it, it's almost like there's a big empty space where their own effort should have been. And my energy goes and fills that space.

(Joe) And it creates a possibility for a very open-ended answer. You know what I mean? An open-ended question is an open-ended answer. But if you put effort into it and think about it and refine it down to a very specific question that you have thought about and...

(Andromeda) Put effort into.

(Joe) Yeah.

(Ryan) The abilities of a new AI language model, GPT-4, seem very impressive. Some years ago, Putin emphasized the importance of AI in the development of societies. What is the level of Russia and China's AI capability compared to the west?

**A:** About equal but different philosophy and approach.

**Q:** (Ryan) Can cryptography be used as a "defence" against AI, as some, notably Chelsea Manning, have claimed?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ryan) Decentralised cryptocurrency markets were recently declared a "national security threat" by the US govt. Has Bitcoin or crypto "backfired" on the US deep state and become something counterproductive to their agenda?

**A:** Not exactly.

**Q:** (Ryan) Can we as a group leverage the capabilities of AI for our research, and if so what might be the best direction to proceed in this regard?

**A:** Not much you can do that is beneficial. No pain no gain.

**Q:** (Lainey) In reflexology, do different points on the feet really correspond with parts of the body?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Lainey) If so, how does manipulating the points on the feet affect the corresponding part of the body?

**A:** Lines of energy connect.

**Q:** (L) So I guess if you stimulate the point, it stimulates the energy.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Navigator) The ruler of the Aztecs was oddly welcoming to the Spanish Conquistadors when they arrived, why was that?

**A:** Prophecy.

**Q:** (L) They expected somebody to arrive?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And the prophecy was from their previous alien overlords?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And they did that on purpose to set them up to be conquered and destroyed?

(L) Yes. Just like people are saying that the aliens are coming to save people now.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Farmies) What does a supernova explosion represent in hyperdimensional sense?

**A:** Opening of portal.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) How many Bigfoot or Sasquatch are there in the US and Canada as of today?

**A:** They are transdensity and some come and go. But close to 1000.

**Q:** (PERLOU) Did the Templar treasury exist?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (PERLOU) If so, has it been found?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (PERLOU) By whom, the Vatican?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) By whom?

**A:** French got a big chunk at the time of the arrests, but it was covered up.

**Q:** (Josi) Is Bill Gates (and company) really wanting to not block the sun, but the light from the supernova?

**A:** No, they really believed their own lies.

**Q:** (Alejo) A recent study discovered that plants' do have a spoken language that sits beyond hearable frequencies for humans. Was that language the source of humans learning about plant's specific medicinal properties?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) What IS the source of humans learning about plants' medicinal properties?

**A:** Alien teachers in some cases. In others it was information transfer on higher level.

**Q:** (L) So alien teachers, in some cases information transfer on a higher level. It's kind of the same thing, isn't it? Well, okay. Information transfer is intuition or....

(Joe) It had to be intuition cuz can you imagine trial and error?!

(L) Yeah, there's some things trial and error wouldn't work. Here, have this mushroom, we'll see what it does next... Oops!

(Regulattor) - How effective is Samozdrav breathing device compared to HBOT softshell 1.5 ATA chamber?

(Niall) Apples and oranges.

(L) Apples and oranges?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Voyageur) Was the Siberian Lake El'gygytgyn meteor impact much closer to the Younger Dryas time than suggested (3.6 million years ago)?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Voyageur) How large were the communities in Siberia prior to the Younger Dryas?

**A:** Varied but smallish with a few exceptions.

**Q:** (Voyageur) Was their influence to the south significant?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Why?

**A:** Tech. Pain can drive innovation.

**Q:** (L) Pain?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Yeah, I guess if you're cold all the time, you're gonna learn how to stop being cold. \[laughter\]

(irjO) Does olive oil have the same "protection" properties as the salt?

**A:** No

**Q:** (rrraven) Earth is expanding, does it do it smoothly or is there periods when it does it rapidly?

**A:** Who said earth was expanding?

**Q:** (Pierre) At the time, it was "opening up", but that's not the same as "expanding".

(L) Yeah. Show Pikabu to the people. \[Ark brings Pikabu the cat to say hi to everyone...\]

(rrraven) What was gravity in the Younger Dryas?

**A:** Less.

**Q:** (Obi) How close are we to the rebound of the Ice Age?

**A:** Soon. Wait and see.

**Q:** (Farmies) How much is ChatGPT being influenced by 4D STS at this stage?

**A:** A lot.

**Q:** (Niall) Because it's on earth.

(Joe) Are all those people, the fact that an increasing number of ordinary people are interacting with ChatGPT asking questions and having conversations, is that going to lead to it evolving some kind of a semblance of consciousness?

**A:** Not exactly, but it will lead to a STS-ification of AI.

**Q:** (Joe) Well, the previous question was is ChatGPT and those kind of AI programs being influenced by 4D STS? And they said a lot, but is that by human beings, all of whom are STS?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (ryu) When Kantek was still whole, could souls "travel" between the planets and have one life on Earth and another on Kantek?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, JEEP asks:

(JEEP) There was a post in the COVID thread that talked about anti-antibodies that would make removing spike proteins impossible, I presume for those who had the vax. Comment please.

(JEEP via Zoom) I'd like to amend that. I posted later down in the chat the material that was in the thread and it was Florian Schilling who talked about that there was a creation of a mirror image antibody type of entity that's like a copy of the spike protein. And apparently you can have this copy your entire life and it has the same toxic effect as the real spike proteins and it sounds like you can't really get rid of it.

(L) Huh.

(Joe) We'll have to discuss that.

**A:** Never say never.

**Q:** (L) That doesn't mean it wouldn't be difficult. You might have to figure it out, but...

(Loreta) Latvia re-established compulsory military service (in connection with the war in Ukraine). Will the other NATO countries do the same?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (Adobe) How accurate are David DuByne of ADAPT 2030 most recent estimates of our future earth changes?

(L) What are his estimates of our future Earth changes? And have you talked about it on the forum? Where is Adobe?

(Adobe) Well, one is that in August of this year, there is a change of the ozone that will cause the sun to be more intense. I believe the next one is in, I forget the month, of 2024 where there's electromagnetic changes. And then he says in 2025, and I believe it's March, April and May of 2025 - he uses the solar system and he shows it opened up to bolide bombardment. So we've got sun change, electromagnetic change, and bolide bombardment. And he pretty much has dates to them and works it through in one of the videos. And I did post it on the forum.

(L) Hmm. What's his track record like?

(Adobe) So far pretty good, I think. I think you've spoken with him before, haven't you? From Adapt 2030.

(Niall) You and Pierre, about your book...

(Pierre) Years ago.

(Adobe) And a more specific point would be if he's right about March, April, and May of 2025 being wide open to bolides, that would kind of concur with comets coming in April.

(L) So, how accurate?

**A:** He is often close, but there are still some surprises.

**Q:** (Joe) That was a kind of a sneaky way of trying to get a dated prediction. \[laughter\] Good effort!

(Adobe) Yeah, but at least it would be using our harder data. So it'd be taking the 10% and trying to match it with the 90% and using David DuByne's work.

(Joe) I salute your effort because we have tried often in the past to do that as well, but... We get "no dice".

(Adobe) In much of the NDE, and karmic studies, the STS path entities are under-represented. Can you help with understanding why?

(Adobe via Zoom) Am I still on? We've been discussing that on the Near Death Experience or Afterlife thread, and in reading through the books, we're going, "Hey, where's all the baddies?" You know, when you hear the near death experience and the karmic stuff, you always hear these great, wonderful stories. If someone dies and it's all wonderful and they come back and it's all wonderful and it's like, "Hey, is there any bad over there?" Where are the service to self people that are putting together a program for their next life where they're gonna do real bad stuff? They're coming down here to learn how to be baddies. So there's no stories of that. So why is the negative side of the other dimensions and densities unrepresented when we go to read about near death and karmic stuff? Well, some of the stuff does, like the recent movie, and I forget the name of it, the 'Astral City' and also Wicklands '30 years among Dead'. They do represent some negativity, but it's generally lost souls not far from us. So let's get back to the question. Okay. Why is the negativity less represented in the truth at 5D?

**A:** 5th density does not work that way. Negative entities are intensely entropic and sort of gravitationally enclosed so as to give them the opportunity to reflect on their choices. They may then decide to try again but it is rare for the truly negative to reincarnate. They are subsumed.

**Q:** (PoB) So why there are not less and less of them on the earth?

(L) Well, I think it's because the negativity draws from... I mean so many what we call negative individuals are like psychopaths, which is like a defective OP. They don't really have a reincarnating soul anyway. They're just a portal for negative 4D STS energies to enter into the world. And there's plenty of OPs. Plus the fact that the normal soul - and you use "normal" kind of loosely - is always subjected to the pool of STS by virtue of being in the body and being subjected to all of the temptations and the vicissitudes of life in a more-or-less unfriendly environment. Earth is really kind of not a really friendly place with all of its things that just happen, but naturally. So I think that there's plenty of opportunity for negativity. And I also think that sometimes what we might consider to be a negative individual or negative entity or negative events from a larger cosmic perspective may not be that at all.

(Joe) Well, there's the idea of 4th density STS and being able to graduate, so you assume it's someone who was incarnated in 3D repeatedly over and over again and entrench themselves in an STS way of being to the point that they are eligible to take a place.

(L) I think what happens is that there are just OPs and they get utilized, they get downloaded. Is that it? I mean, when we're thinking about really negative individuals on earth, are we talking about basically OPs that get downloaded by 4D STS, which can't go any higher than 4D?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So it's a different economy altogether than that which operates for souls recycling and so forth?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So how are 4D STS beings... How do they get to be there then if they haven't gone through, you know what I mean? I mean the natural progression for non-STS or not fully STS beings?

**A:** Different process. And they must achieve a high percentage of negativity in a single lifetime. And, yes, some of the extremely negative types do go directly to 4D STS.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Maybe they don't go to the contemplation zone. Like if some soul has a destiny, they can pass that energy... just goes into another body, but they don't need to contemplate, do they?

(Joe) It just seems to be a lot of those types. They're quite negative and supposedly there's an equal number of 4D STS and 4D STO, right? I'm just wondering, where do they all come from? How do you get an equal number?

(PoB) And they are coming in, in bigger numbers because it seems that the percentage is kind of constant through generations, let's say this 6% or whatever...

(L) Well, if you think about it, when you read Lobaczewski and he talks about the influence of pathological types on the human population and the percentage of the really negative psychopathic types and then the larger percentage of the other different pathologies that surround them, and then the even larger circle of those who are wounded or damaged in some way, who then are attracted to that sort of pathology. You see, kind of a similar thing is what's going on in 5D? They're only a few really negative ones and they might go directly to 4D because they achieved that level in a lifetime. But the others go and they experience what's described in all of the literature and they reincarnate and they have another chance and another chance. And maybe it takes a number of lifetimes of them going through this and experiencing that to choose right. To really choose. And then they may choose to go totally negative and then finally just go to a 4D as an STS. Is that close to what we're talking about here?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So you may see on the surface there's an awful lot of negativity, but the core of it is a small number of essential psychopaths and then the ever widening circles of lesser and lesser pathologies and then out to normal people. How many normal people do and have done and will do and are driven to or inspired to, or drawn into doing very, very bad things even though they're maybe not essentially evil, right?

(Joe) They can go and make amends and they learn through a lot. They're just saying that most people aren't that way inclined. That's why, in answer to the question, that's why you don't, in the literarature, you don't see much in the way of negative entities or beings or demons, whatever, hanging out in 5D, cuz that's not what 5D is for essentially.

(L) The essential nature of the negative entity is not to be sharing, right? So they're having an experience, they would be in their own zone. And that zone is kind of...

(Joe) Closed off, segregated.

(L) Is that also close to the way it is?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Adobe via Zoom) I had one more question if you've got the time.

(Chu) Go ahead.

(Adobe via Zoom) Where are we when we are dreaming, what, where exactly is that state of our being? Is it in a dimension, is it in a density or somewhere else? Where, in other words, am I seeing and learning from: a density, a dimension or somewhere else? Where is our dream state?

**A:** As has been said, it taxes the soul to be embodied. As to where "consciousness" goes, it can vary according to need and capacity. As to a "location" there is no real restriction. But imagine an inner space coordinate.

**Q:** (Joe) Same place you go when you meditate.

(Adobe) So it's essentially anywhere.

(L) I guess so. According to need and capacity.

(ryu) Will EU countries manage to regain their sovereignty before the density change?

**A:** No dice.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) We were told the subterraneans are bi-density.

**A:** Some are.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) How did they develop bi-density?

**A:** Develop??

**Q:** (L) Swear jar!

(Voyageur) There is a video series on the world fairs (US and Europe) - some odd stuff. See here on the forum: "Stolen History" video series.

(L) Okay, we'll see it.

(Ursus Minor) Were the Atlanteans bi-density as well?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Fallen\_735) Is the current going back and forth between the US and Mexican politicians on fentanyl, firearms and border crisis genuine or part of the script?

**A:** Genuine as far as the participants are aware.

**Q:** (L) But clearly, I guess there are others that are directing it.

(Ursus Minor) Will those who are new to 4D be bi-density?

**A:** To some extent, yes.

**Q:** (brandon) Ursus Minor: here are the session quotes about the bi-density subterraneans:

> **23 November 1996**
>
> **Q:** (L) Did the underground civilization develop on its own?
> 
> **A:** Yes.
> 
> **Q:** (L) Is it managed or manipulated by Orions as well?
> 
> **A:** Yes.
> 
> **Q:** (L) Are these "managers" Orions from other densities?
> 
> **A:** Yes and no.
> 
> **Q:** (L) I don’t understand. Are there some that are 4th and some that are 3rd?
> 
> **A:** The human types there are "bi-density."
> 
> **14 Sweptember 2002**
> 
> **Q:** (Atriedes) They once said something about bi-density beings. They were like hybrids between 4th density beings and a 3rd density being. Or could such an individual be a genetically enhanced human?
> 
> **A:** Humans were once "bi-density." And some may be again in the natural way. Those of 4D STS "manufacture" are similar. Just think of them as a type of OP with souped up engines.

(L) Okay, next question:

(Keit) Are there any current attempts by the clandestine sources or agencies in the West to remote view or utilize any other similar means to spy on Putin or other high ranking officials?

**A:** They can try. Putin wasn't KGB for nothing.

**Q:** (Keit) Is there any current paranormal or metaphysical phenomena research going on in Russia, similar to experiments that were done during the Soviet times?

**A:** Small.

**Q:** (Keit) If so, is this being utilized by FSB or other agencies in Russia?

**A:** Very little, unfortunately.

**Q:** (L) You know guys, I'm getting tired. We've been going almost two hours. Do you realize we've been going two hours? Is there anything we should have asked that we didn't ask, if not considered it asked and try to give us a simple short answer...

**A:** Not tonight! Goodbye.

END OF SESSION