## December 30, 2023
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Joe, Niall, Gaby, Ark, Possibility of Being (PoB), Scottie, Chu, Leia, Falkor, Bella

**Q:** (L) Hello?

**A:** Hieiloria of Cassiopaea here at your service.

**Q:** (L) This is the 30th of December, 2023. \[Review of those present\] So this is almost the end of the year, and it's been one hell of a year. Do we have kind of a recap on some of the big things that happened this year?

(Niall) Check out my article. \[laughter\] Well, it's overshadowed now by the Middle East. Since October. Ongoing shenanigans to block Trump in the USA. Immigration drive going into overdrive.

[Signs of the Times Christmas Fundraiser: Donate Today to Keep the Lighthouse Shining, Receive 2024 SOTT Merch!](https://www.sott.net/article/486578-Signs-of-the-Times-Christmas-Fundraiser-Donate-Today-to-Keep-the-Lighthouse-Shining-Receive-2024-SOTT-Merch)

(L) The revelations about covid and the vaccines.

(Joe) Drip, drip on UFOs.

(L) Yeah, the business about UFOs was kind of a major thing this year.

(Gaby) Red skies all over the world.

(Joe) Storminess, lots of rain.

(L) But anyway, it has been one hell of a year, and I think we all know that, as I have said on many occasions, it can't go on forever. I mean, it just keeps getting worse and worse, but it can't go on forever. Andromeda wants to know when it's gonna come to a head?

**A:** First there must be a cleansing.

**Q:** (L) And what exactly is a cleansing?

**A:** Wait and see.

**Q:** (L) Will this cleansing occur in 2024?

**A:** In spaces.

**Q:** (L) "In spaces"... You mean like in some places and not others?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, so it'll be spotty at the beginning?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. What's the deal with these UFO revelations? David Grusch. Is David Grusch what he presents himself to be? Did we ask about him before? Well, is anybody behind this David Grusch, using him as a means of revealing information?

**A:** Not as such. It is mainly organic.

**Q:** (L) Did we ask about DeSouza? Is John DeSouza... I mean, it seems to me that he is responsible for some misleading ideas. Is that because they originate with him or is he being guided to release misleading ideas?

**A:** He tries to figure things out without proper preparation and has interference from questionable sources.

**Q:** (Andromeda) I think maybe we did ask about it and they said the same thing. I remember that.

(L) All right. So, is the fact that this is coming out now indicative of the fact that there is some impending human-ultraterrestrial dynamic that's gonna play out?

**A:** Sooner than you might expect!

**Q:** (Joe) What might you expect?

(L) Well, I would figure two, three years or something like that. I was putting it off a little bit...

(Joe) Yeah. I think it has to at least break into the public consciousness in terms of it being a real thing. And at some point you can just have general acceptance of the idea that we're not alone. And then over a longer period, the details.

(L) Well, are ultraterrestrials or hyperdimensional beings that control our planet and our society and so forth, are they pretty much responsible for all the mass chaos that's going on in the world today?

**A:** Mostly, but certainly some is sheer human stupidity. Let the cleansing begin!

**Q:** (Joe) Does that mean the stupid people will be cleansed?

(L) God, one hopes...

**A:** Ultimately there will be a major transformation in consciousness.

**Q:** (L) So when that transformation in consciousness comes, does that mean that the stupid people will get some smarts by propinquity or association or osmosis or something?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Did we ever ask about what kind of form these aliens are gonna take when they present themselves? They did say something about trying to pretend that they're here to save the planet.

(Joe) But I think human as well.

**A:** Nordics.

**Q:** (Joe) A bunch of Swedes?

(L) Well, if they're Nordics, that's not gonna go over well in a society that is being set up to hate anything white.

(Niall) But, diversity! \[laughter\]

(Joe) Will all the African people be very disappointed that there's no African representation amongst the aliens? \[laughter\]

**A:** Wait and see. There will be a snapback against current racism.

**Q:** (L) Is that snapback against current racism going to occur in 2024? \[laughter\]

**A:** Partly yes.

**Q:** (Joe) What happened to our "surprising solution to a long-term global problem" that was predicted in the last session for November that we wouldn't like very much?

**Q:** (L) I'm trying to think, was there anything that happened? Could we observe anything that happened?

(Joe) Well, what we expected, given the context and the timing of it, which was the end of October when the Israelis had started their genocidal campaign already, was that we expected that there might be some final solution enacted against the Palestinians in November. That seemed to fit as a possibility, but that didn't happen.

(L) Right.

(Joe) It just dragged on and on. It still continues, but there was no definitive solution.

**A:** Notice how many are waking up to the machinations of Israel!

**Q:** (Niall) Okay. That is noticeable.

(L) So what was the thing they said? It would be an unexpected solution...

(Chu) They said: "Just wait for November. Some surprising solutions to longstanding problems."

(L) Okay. A longstanding problem. The use of the word “solution” is interesting because remember the Germans use the term Final Solution and here we're saying...

(Joe) And they said personal and global. Will we like the personal one? Mostly. The global one? Not so much.

(L) Yeah. So the global one, we don't like it to see all these Palestinians being killed, but the fact that that's happening is really, really waking people up to who and what Israel is about and what they're doing.

(Joe) Well, let me ask this way: Was there something that they foresaw that was maybe planned for November that didn't happen that was canceled?

**A:** Personally, yes. But the global situation is shaping up...

**Q:** (Joe) Right.

(Niall) So personally, yes.

(L) So there was maybe something that was gonna be - with us personally - that didn't...

(Andromeda) Hasn't manifested yet.

\[Personal questions/discussion redacted\]

(Joe) How is Pierre doing?

(L) Yeah. How is our Pierre?

**A:** He is with you now!

**Q:** (All) Yeah! Oh yeah?

(Andromeda) Does he have a message for us?

**A:** Ask him, we will step aside.

**Q:** (L) Pierre, are you there? Pierre?

**A:** (Pierre) Love you all so much. I see how you loved me now and I am sorry that I was so difficult for so long. I am constantly trying to communicate but it is not so simple. This is a strange state to be in when there were so many things I wanted to get done.

**Q:** (L) Are you glad to be out of your state of restriction, pain and suffering?

**A:** (Pierre) Oh yes!!! It is like a freedom you cannot understand. But still there is that desire to communicate that frustrates me. I don't want any of you to suffer or be sad. But I do want you to know that I love all of you.

**Q:** (Joe): What are you doing every day, Pierre? \[laughter\]

(Andromeda) What's your schedule like there?

(Joe) Like what are you up to? What do you do?

**A:** (Pierre) Well, it is like dreaming in a way because there really is no tracking of time. It seems not to exist, but I don't understand that yet.

**Q:** (L) Do you have periods of time where you're like, not really aware of what's going on?

**A:** (Pierre) No.

**Q:** (L) So you are aware all the time of what's going on, at least with yourself?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) Are you aware of us all the time?

**A:** (Pierre) No.

**Q:** (L) So, you have to think about us to be aware of us. Is that it?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) And what makes you think about us? Is it because we think about you, or we reference you, or we have you on our mind, or something like that? Is that close?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And can you see us?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And are there any other people around that you're hanging out with, that you spend time with, or you know...?

**A:** (Pierre) Sometimes.

**Q:** (L) Have you encountered jar?

**A:** (Pierre) Not yet but I am going to.

**Q:** (Joe) What about your grandma? Mamie Bonjour?

(L) Have you encountered grandma?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And is she teaching you something?

**A:** (Pierre) No. She is enjoying being young.

**Q:** (Joe) And, okay. Do you feel young?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And when you look around, what's your environment like?

**A:** (Pierre) Fields and mountains and little houses and castles.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, what you're seeing in your environment is what you're used to, what you like, what you imagine Heaven to be like. Is that it?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) Have you gone into the light?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Are you happy?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And are you choosing to kind of not see many other people?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Because that's what you like to do? \[laughter\]

**A:** (Pierre) Yes. \[laughter\]

**Q:** (L) Is there any information you have acquired about any of our particular interests while you were here, that you would have acquired there, that you would be able to tell us now? Like, you know, any future things or any things that we weren't able to perceive or understand?

**A:** (Pierre) Mostly everything you have learned via Cs is the way it is. What I see now is the great noise surrounding Earth that makes it so difficult to get a clear and true message.

**Q:** (Joe) So, the great noise is chaos or uncertainty...

(Niall) Disinformation...

(L) All that kind of stuff. Is that what we're talking about? Chaos, disinformation, lies?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Joe) Has he met any of the Cs?

**A:** (Pierre) The Cs appear as humanlike shaped light gathered around you as you communicate.

**Q:** (L) Well obviously we would like to be underwritten for any of our choices that we make in life. But we understand that we have to make choices based on our own thinking, our own assessments, our own understanding, and of course using some clues and guidance, some things that we have learned. But still having said all of that, is there anything you can tell us?

**A:** (Pierre) Things are going to be fine and I will add my voice and energy to your own endeavors.

**Q:** (L) Well, maybe you could find jar, and Anam Cara, and liam1310, and Lee.T.

(Joe) One at a time.

(L) Yeah. You know, find them and touch base with all of them and remind them that we're here struggling on this... in this Vale of tears trying to get through the mess that we're in. And I know that you would have been very upset to see what was going on since you passed. Because, I mean, things really are ugly out there.

(Joe) Does Pierre now understand the information field?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes. \[laughter\]

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is your gesture accurate?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes. \[laughter\]

**Q:** (Joe) It's a spiral, a helix?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) Well, see if you can figure out a way to, you know, get some communication things going on. I would like that, that would be kind of interesting. Were you the one that came to Thomas in a dream to tell him about my feet?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes. Clever!

**Q:** (L) Yeah, you were very clever! \[laughter\]

(Chu) Did you open your door yesterday?

**A:** (Pierre) No.

**Q:** (L) I think I may have done that.

(Chu) Ah!

(Joe) What do you perceive as your future? What's going to happen? What future changes await?

**A:** (Pierre) Glory is coming for all. That is all I can perceive.

**Q:** (Joe) What do you mean by "all"? As in everybody on the planet?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Glory...

(L) The solar system?

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) So it's a good thing then, glory.

**A:** (Pierre) Ultimately yes.

**Q:** (Joe) He's starting to talk like the Cs now. \[laughter\]

(L) So can you and others in your realm perceive that something strange or unusual is happening on and to Earth, and around Earth?

**A:** (Pierre) Oh yes indeed!

**Q:** (Joe) It's just like an impression or a understanding or a feeling.

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) You know, almost like an anticipation, where you know that something good is going to happen, but you can feel it, but you don't know exactly what it is.

**A:** (Pierre) Yes.

**Q:** (L) All right. I'm getting tired. So were there any other things we wanted to cover? Pierre, we let you go. We thank you and we'll talk to you again. This is not over!

(PoB) It will never be over.

(L) Send us the Cs back.

(Niall) You are Saint Pierre now. Our Saint Pierre.

(L) Yes… you're St. Pierre, you've been sanctified. \[laughter\] I knew you would...

(Niall) Saint Pierr-euh, to distinguish you from the other Peters.

(L) Right.

(Andromeda) Exactly.

(L) Okay. I guess what we wanna know... is there anything else we had to ask? Because I really am... I mean, that tired me. We might want to ask for any general statement for the end of the year session. \[Silence\] So, nobody has anything? Okay.

(Niall) Oh, from us?

(L) Yeah, I was waiting for y'all to say if you wanted to ask anything before I close.

(Joe) Well, I thought you were asking them if there's anything we haven't asked...

(L) Yeah, so we would like to have an end of the year statement. Anything that we haven't asked, that we should have asked, that we would've asked if we'd been in a less discombobulated state of mind? Would you please tell us? We're asking sincerely.

**A:** Be aware that your own group is under scrutiny and subject to attack if all are not fully aware and communicating. It would be helpful for all of you to read Paul's letter about love a few times per week and ponder each aspect in relation to yourself and others. Times ahead are going to be shocking and unstable. Hold fast to your network and do not allow yourselves to be stampeded or externally driven. Ask when needed and we will be here. Peace be with you. Goodbye.

> [The Wave Chapter 72: The Nonlinear Dynamics of Love and Complex Systems: Debugging the Universe](https://cassiopaea.org/2012/04/01/the-wave-chapter-72-the-nonlinear-dynamics-of-love-and-complex-systems-debugging-the-universe/)
>
> "If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am only a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal.
>
> And if I have prophetic powers – that is, the gift of interpreting the divine will and purpose; and understand all the secret truths and mysteries and possess all knowledge, and if I have faith so that I can remove mountains, but have not love I am nothing – a useless nobody.
>
> Even if I dole out all that I have to give food to the poor, and if I surrender my body to be burned, but have not love, I gain nothing.
>
> Love endures long and is patient and kind; love never is envious nor boils over with jealousy; is not boastful or vainglorious, does not display itself haughtily.
>
> It is not conceited – arrogant and inflated with pride; it is not rude, and does not act unbecomingly. Love does not insist on its own rights or its own way, for it is not self-seeking; it is not touchy or fretful or resentful; it takes no account of the evil done to it – pays no attention to a suffered wrong.
>
> It does not rejoice at injustice and unrighteousness, but rejoices when right and truth prevail.
>
> Love bears up under anything and everything that comes, is ever ready to believe the best of every person, its hopes are fadeless under all circumstance and it endures everything without weakening.
>
> Love never fails – never fades out or becomes obsolete or comes to an end. As for prophecy, it will be fulfilled and pass away; as for tongues, they will be destroyed and cease; as for knowledge, it will be superseded by truth.
>
> For our knowledge is fragmentary and our prophecy is fragmentary.
>
> But when the complete and perfect comes, the incomplete and imperfect will vanish away – become antiquated, void and superseded.
>
> When I was a child, I talked like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child; now that I have become a man, I am done with childish ways and have put them aside.
>
> For now we are looking in a mirror that gives only a dim reflection of reality as in a riddle or an enigma, but then, when perfection comes, we shall see in reality and face to face! Now I know in part; but then I shall know and understand fully and clearly, even in the same manner as I have been fully and clearly known and understood by God.
>
> And so, faith, hope, love abide; these three, but the greatest of these is love.” (1 Corinthians 13:1–13)
>
> \*\*\*
>
> And Ashworth's translation of the last part:
>
> "For we know only in part, and we prophesy only in part. But at the coming of age, the partial will come to an end. When I was a child, I spoke like a child, I thought like a child, I reasoned like a child: when I became an adult, I put an end to childish ways. For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then we will see face to face. Now I know only in part; then I will know fully, even as I have been fully known." (1 Cor 13:10-12)

END OF SESSION