# 2023
## January 14, 2023
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Joe, Gaby, Ark, PoB, Chu, Scottie, Niall, Princess Leia

FOTCM Members attending by Zoom:

3DStudent, Adobe, Aeneas, Aiming, Alana, Alejo, Alix, Altair, Ana Huitzil, Anamarija, anartist, AndrewMn, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Aya, bluefyre, Bo, brandon, Breton, cassandra, cinnamon, ClaudiaYG, Cosmos, Deliverance, Dirgni, dugdeep, Eboard10, Ellipse, Elohir, fabric, Fallen\_735, finduilas495, Floetus, France, Gandalf, Gawan, genero81, Glenn, goyacobol, herondancer, Hesper, hesperides, iamthatis, irjO, itellsya, JeanneT, JEEP, Jefferson, Jenn, jess, Josi, Juba, kenlee, Keyhole, KJN, Korzik18, Laurs, Liam1310, Lilou, logos5x5, loreta, LQB, Madara Horseman, manitoban, marek760, Mari, Mariama, Mark, Mark7, Martina, Michal, Mike, Mikkael, mimimari, MK Scarlett, mkrnhr, Mrs. Peel, msante, Navigator, Neema, Nicholas, Nienna, Obi, Ollie, Oxajil, PERLOU, RedFox, Redrock12, Regulattor, Renaissance, rrraven, Ryan, Rylek, Ryu, Saman, Scotseeker, Seamus, seek10, seeker2seer, Sinapi, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, Summerlite, T.C., Temperance, Timótheos, Theodor, thorbiorn, Tristan, Turgon, voyageur, whitecoast, will01, williamsj, Windmill Knight, Yas, Ysus, Z..., Zar

**Q:** (L) We decided we ought to have another session. That's what we're gonna do tonight. Does anybody have anything in particular on their mind that they want to talk about? Other than the political situation, or Covid, or... What the heck else is going on? Anybody here have specific questions?

(Joe) One or two.

(Chu) Okay, FOTCM people have some questions now.

(L) Okay... \[Reads questions/comments on Zoom\] Well, okay: They're cookin'! I guess we better get started so we can keep up. Otherwise we're gonna get left behind here...

**A:** Folloriaea of Cassiopaea here at your service. Good people, greetings.

**Q:** (L) Well, do we have any particular questions we want to ask before we open the floor? You don't have any, Joe?

(Joe) Nah, nothing that would...

(L) What about you, honey?

(Ark) Maybe later.

(L) Once we get started with these people, there's not gonna be a later!

(Niall) I have questions. Many high-profile Russians have died under mysterious circumstances recently. Are some or even most of them victims of deliberate targeting?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (Niall) Who or what is behind this?

**A:** Your favorite alphabet agency.

**Q:** (L) CIA?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Niall) How come?

**A:** Confusion in some cases. Removing potential threats or influence. This is spy craft 101!

**Q:** (L) You could have figured that out, Niall. Next question?

(Niall) Well, it's 24 seriously VIP people. The main conspiracy theory or explanation of any kind in any media is that Putin is doing it to traitors within. No one has suggested that it's...

**A:** Not Putin!

**Q:** (Niall) Okay.

(Joe) They wouldn't suggest it anyway, but historically, that kind of stuff goes on all the time. They take out each other's assets. Everybody does it.

(L) I think people are...

(Joe) It ramped up now because of the conflict and there's more at stake.

(Niall) It's like two dozen CEOs or similarly high-level people falling off balconies and stuff. Down staircases... Some are murdered or in murder-suicide pacts. Whole families killed.

(L) That's crazy.

(PoB) Most of them were connected to the energy industry: gas, oil, and so on.

(Joe) Strategic industries, yeah.

(L) Alright, next?

(Niall) There was a gas explosion in Ireland on October 7th that killed about a dozen people. What caused this gas explosion?

(L) What kind of gas explosion was it?

(Niall) They don't know. It was at a petrol station, but it wasn't the actual gas tanks that blew.

(Joe) It was natural gas in the row of houses behind the station.

(L) And you guys didn't find any suspicious people who were killed by it?

(Niall) No.

(L) So, you're asking what caused it?

(Niall) Yeah.

**A:** Sparks.

**Q:** (L) Garbage in, garbage out.

(Joe) I have one question: Is there anything to the so-called Mandela Effect other than people's tendency to confuse and conflate information?

**A:** In some cases it can indicate a change in the "program".

**Q:** (L) Like déjà-vu?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Next?

(Joe) Is there anything significant about the salt mines in Soledar that the Russians just captured other than being deep salt mine tunnels?

**A:** Not especially. Though some have been used for hiding. Not useful for occult practices due to the salt which is cleansing.

**Q:** (Joe) So no aliens?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) No chupacabras?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) For the same reason: they don't like salt.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) We need a salt mine as a place of refuge from weird stuff. Let's build one out back.

(L) Alright. As you can see, we can't think of much to ask, so... Let's go!

(Summerlite) The C’s said we should get prepared for an alien invasion. What will that look like and how to prepare?

(L) I think that's already covered in the transcripts, isn't it? Does anybody remember? Yes? No? Nobody remembers. Didn't they say we already had an alien invasion?

(Gaby) Recently in the news it was reported that there have been over 350 reports mostly coming from military personnel, mostly within the past 2 years or so.

(Andromeda) UFO reports.

(Joe) Like an increase - a flap.

(Niall) Just in the last 2 years - since March 2021.

(L) A military UFO flap...

**A:** Main prep should be psychological and spiritual. As to appearance, nothing like what you would expect. Most will be done via proxies as invaders do not fit earth's FRV. \[Review of answer\] Some dramatic displays of power and control are possible.

**Q:** (Joe) Who are the proxies most likely to be from our perspective?

**A:** Heads of government who are "plugged in" or replacements.

**Q:** (Joe) The dramatic displays of power and control that are possible, who would they come from? I mean, who would be giving these dramatic displays of power and control?

(L) Dramatic displays coming from UFOs?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They said most of it will be done by proxies, i.e. human beings, and there'll be dramatic displays of power and control.

(L) Yeah, but then we read the answer and then they threw that last part in afterwards. So, it was like an additional note on the topic. Well, people who've researched it know that they've turned off all the missiles at some place in Montana or somewhere years and years ago.

(Joe) Does that imply a generalized awareness of aliens among the human population at some point?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Can you imagine what that's gonna be like? Even all of us sitting here, we've all been reading about it, thinking about it, and talking about it for 25-30 years. And yet, if and when they ever actually came out and said, "Hi guys! Here we are!" We'd probably all go into some kind of panic attack.

(Joe) I'd be gettin' my gun!

(L) Well, I mean, c'mon! We've been programmed all our lives to think such things don't exist. It's all just a conspiracy theory. But all the conspiracy theories have been coming true! OMG!

(Andromeda) I know. And even when you know about them, it's still jaw-dropping.

(Joe) But they said as well that it would be nothing like what you would expect. So, what we're expecting is like Hollywood: Independence Day, the mothership in the sky, that kind of thing. Probably it's not going to be like that. So, how would it manifest?

(L) Why would it not be like that?

**A:** Overt violation of free will thus generating sharp and inclusive opposition.

**Q:** (L) So in other words, if they came out and announced they were invading, all the people would be upset and they'd unite together. Their unification would be sufficient to fend off or reject or otherwise negate the aliens' ability to enter our reality? Is that what you're saying?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Joe) People wouldn't be receptive to them.

(L) So it's all gotta be done by stealth.

(Joe) How do you get around it then? How do you introduce the idea of the existence of aliens without presenting yourself...?

(Chu) By not making it look like an invasion.

(L) Here to help. Displays of power by stopping warlike activity, being the saviors of humankind or something like that...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They'll present themselves as benevolent. It wasn't even that they were gonna be aggressive... It's more like how do they present themselves? Is it a ship?

(L) Well they can present themselves without presenting an invasion.

(Chu) Like miracles in the past or something like that? Angels?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) We'll just have to wait and see.

**A:** Weather and geological activity also involved.

**Q:** (Chu) That one wouldn't grow awareness in aliens. People would just think it's a weather event.

(Scottie) Unless they come and save us from weather or geological events...

(L) So we have no idea what we're facing. And you can't help us out any more there?

**A:** To do so would violate learning directive. It is good that you know that prominent figures are already preparing the ground. Such as Bill Gates and Klaus Schwab.

**Q:** (L) So, it's up to us to exercise our brains and our networking to put the picture together and to be aware that these people are not acting in our best interests. They may be hooked up with evil aliens who plan to take over our planet and who definitely want to reduce the population by a large number, they want to starve us, freeze us... All the things that we've been seeing that they're doing: they're just sweeping ahead with no concern whatsoever for what the human population wants or thinks. That in itself is peculiar.

(Andromeda) Well, they feed on misery, right?

(L) Oh yeah, you're right: The more miserable, the more they get fed. And that's... \*SIGH\* Well, the only thing about that the more miserable people get, hopefully many of them will begin waking up and wish to find out how to stop the misery. So... That's a depressing topic! Who asked that?! You had to do that, right? Ruin my day! \[laughter\] Okay, let's see...

(Ze Germans) Why do so many Missing 411 cases involve people of German heritage?

**A:** They are used for genes.

**Q:** (L) So they want their genes?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Pierre) Why do they want German genes?

**A:** Close to Aryan.

**Q:** (L) Are they using them to build new bodies?

**A:** In some cases and also for growing spare parts for repairs.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Lovely!

(Joe) My arm fell off! \[laughter\]

(Pierre) Not a problem!

(Joe) Which model would you like? We have a good deal on Aryan arms this week!

(L) Are they using genetic samples to grow like clones and stuff?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (L) Do they grow organs?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Do they grow babies?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Can it get any worse than that??

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) What do you mean?

**A:** Consumed.

**Q:** (L) The alien version of the veggie burger! Artificial meat.

(Andromeda) You are what you eat.

(Joe) It's not artificial meat.

(L) Yeah, it's real meat. You HAD to ask that question, didn't you? Okay...

(Ze Germans) How many years before Caesar's death was Rome founded and by whom?

**A:** 700 years approximately. By group of steppe warriors mixed with local groups.

**Q:** (Pierre) So the official history is not wrong so much about the timing of the founding of Rome?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ze Germans) How much less in percent was gravity in Italy during the life of Caesar compared to today?

**A:** 4.6

**Q:** (Pierre) But it might have been less further back in time.

(Andromeda) It was already by that time that the giants were dying out, right?

(L) Yeah.

(Ze Germans) Did the Romance languages originate from the same language? If so, was it ancient Italian?

(L) Okay, first question: Did the Romance languages originate from the same language?

**A:** Further back in time than your question allows, yes.

**Q:** (Chu) Was it Iberian?

**A:** Close. Landing place of ancient Atlantean survivors.

**Q:** (T.C.) The C's once said that 'all is one' regarding world governments. Is this still the case?

**A:** Less now than then. Recall the control that the USA had over Russia until Putin began to make moves to change this.

**Q:** (Mrs. Peel) There have been a lot of famous people and musicians in the US dying lately or having heart attacks. Are they vaccine-related?

**A:** Most!

**Q:** (L) And we notice, by the way, that nobody in Congress and nobody in the EU Parliament is dropping dead from Covid vaccine-related effects, which suggests very strongly that none of them took the vaccine. If they got on TV demonstrating that they were, it was probably salt water. They weren't taking it.

(Pierre) Some of them took the vaccine, but a minority.

(L) Probably the people that they wanted to get rid of!

(irjO) Is this coming "comet" called C/2022 E3 (ZTF), which apparently is reported as appearing every 50.000 years, our twin sun Nemesis?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (irjO) If not, as you mentioned in the previous sessions, will Nemesis be reported in a similar way?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (Adobe) What if anything was shot down over the Rostov region in Russia (UFO?)

(L) When?

(Niall) Last week. They said it was a drone, but there were rumors on the ground that there was a strange light.

**A:** UFO was not shot down but was observing.

**Q:** (Ze Germans) What was the first Indo-European language created by the gene builders?

**A:** Indo-European was not "created". Language emerged into your reality.

**Q:** (L) It "emerged"...

**A:** Indo-European was a misnomer for the remnants of the Kantekkian language.

**Q:** (Toronto Group) Is Elon Musk aware of hyperdimensional beings/reality?

**A:** Not much.

**Q:** (Adobe) Do quantum or super computers communicate with other dimensions or densities?

**A:** Will be able to do so soon.

**Q:** (seek10) B.R Ambedkar hypothesized that Brahmanical switch from obsessive beef eating to cow worship is part of the counter revolution against Buddhists (100 BC - 400 AD). Is this close to the reality of what happened?

**A:** Close, yes.

**Q:** (seek10) If so, are there any contribution of cosmic events that caused the Black Death in the West and was responsible for this cow scarcity that Brahmins used against Buddhists?

**A:** Yes. Very insightful. Roman Empire also fell and Europe burned at that time also.

**Q:** (Summerlite) Did the people who have passed from the shots make a pre-life soul agreement to do this?

**A:** Not really. Remember, this is a campaign for control and death. Those who have died did so as a result of ignorance. In many cases, it is OPs that are unable to achieve insight. OPs do not make "pre-incarnational agreements".

**Q:** (L) So OPs don't make pre-incarnational agreements because they do not have crystallized souls that are capable of doing that. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) It's not much different from being run over by a bus. Both are making a wrong choice. There's nothing special about dying from vaccine injury compared to any other way.

(seek10) The C’s mentioned that the Aryan invasion of India was around 6000 BC, but recent genetic analysis of bone samples from the Indus Valley civilization suggests that the Aryans from 6000 BC (Iranian farmers) are different from Kurgon Hypothesis Indo-Aryans. Is this true?

**A:** Note that Iranian farmers are also Indo-Aryans.

**Q:** (L) How are they different?

**A:** Genetic admixture over time.

**Q:** (Ellipse) Would the Cayce Wet Cell be beneficial for Pierre?

**A:** Not at this juncture.

**Q:** (Alana / Timotheos) Does it make any difference to the soul whether the body it inhabited is buried or cremated after death?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Regulattor) How possible is a direct confrontation between the U.S. and China in the event of a Chinese invasion of Taiwan?

**A:** There might be a kerfuffle, but it will be quickly quelled.

**Q:** (irjO) The C's mentioned that Atlantis was a civilization rather than just a city, but what are the coordinates of the specific city mentioned by Plato, which may be sunk? Also, did the overall design of that city look how it was mentioned in the story?

(L) Ya know, we kinda really covered that a long time ago. It's in the sessions.

(Fallen\_735) My aunt passed away pretty recently and I was wondering if she made it ok to the other side?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Alejo) Is Lula, from Brazil, a useful idiot? Or is he in on the globalist agenda?

**A:** He is now initiated.

**Q:** (Juba) In case of significant Russian victories, will PTB try to create a global smoke screen in order to divert the public's focus to something else, something that will make Ukraine completely unimportant?

**A:** Close. But many unexpected events yet to unfold in that arena.

**Q:** (JEEP) Is Biden being set up for ouster by the deep state?

**A:** Somewhat. The threat of extreme exposure and action by legislature necessitate preemptive damage control.

**Q:** (goyacobol) How likely is the “alien” invasion real or fake to be used soon?

**A:** Soon enough! No dice baby!

**Q:** (goyacobol) I meant in the order of things - versus war and famine.

(L) Oh, well that wasn't...

**A:** Most likely to be associated with catastrophe.

**Q:** (Joe) Some kind of sh1t was to hit the fan before anyone can come and be a savior, right?

(Alix) What group is the closest genetically to the Denisovans in today's world?

**A:** Abos.

**Q:** (JEEP) US budget debt crisis coming up on Thursday I believe - will it set in motion a financial crash in US and/or globally?

**A:** Will definitely set up a conflict!

**Q:** (L) So there will be a conflict between the Dems and the Republicans. I think that's what they're gonna try doin': They're gonna try to control things through financials.

(Renaissance) Are beliefs, thoughts and emotions stored in the physical body?

**A:** Shadows and echoes.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying they're mainly stored in the non-physical body?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Renaissance) Do our false beliefs, thoughts, negative emotions, create an imaginal body that we understand as the false personality?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (ryu) You said in a previous session that our group’s greatest weakness was the lack of true collinearity. Have we gotten better on that front?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Z...) Was Acupuncture Balance Method as thought today indeed given to humanity by "gods" as Chinese ancient texts claim?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Ryan) Does Eastern Orthodox Christianity represent a more preserved form of Paleochristianity out of all denominations, relatively speaking?

**A:** Heavy on the "relatively".

**Q:** (L) So I guess that's a yes, but with emphasis on the "relatively"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Mark7) Are the PTB planning some soul-crushing for Christians?

**A:** Not as such.

**Q:** (seeker2seer) Would the alien invasion appear as a false second coming of Christ with angels?

**A:** Might be spun that way.

**Q:** (Neema) Is it possible to make an electric generator that is more than 100% efficient?

**A:** No

**Q:** (JEEP) Will Bill Gates be prevented from GMO-ing our livestock and other nefarious plans perhaps by bulk awareness of public to death/injury from Covid vax?

**A:** Not entirely.

**Q:** (cassandra) At what stage will aliens introduce themselves? E.g. after Western civilization has collapsed?

(L) I don't think they're gonna give you that. I think it's more than just a free will violation about giving some answers... I think that if they give answers, our thinking about something in one way or another in specific can actually throw it off, cancel it, or... Ya know, influence it. It's like observing the electron. Before it's a wave, and then you observe it and it's a particle. I think we have to be very careful about some of these things because we could make things worse.

(whitecoast) What is the overall toxicological and carcinogenic burden of additive-free nicotine vaporizers versus organically sourced additive-free tobacco?

**A:** Slightly less.

**Q:** (Joe) The vaporizers are slightly less?

(L) I think so... The vaporizers are less?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ze Germans) Did \[name redacted\] husband \[name redacted\] have a safe transition to 5D?

**A:** Oh indeed. A shining soul protecting from the other side.

**Q:** (Ryan) Are the majority of US Christians sympathetic to Russia?

**A:** Not majority, no. Many are as brainwashed as the "woke" people and the Neodarwinists.

**Q:** (Anamarija) Is there anything the rest of us can do to make things easier for Laura and Andromeda?

(L) Just send good vibrations to this arm here! That's it.

(Elohir) After having read your excellent book about Paul, we can easily understand that Mark was inspired by him and then Matthew and Luke made their own histories inspired by Mark, changing some important things to fit in their own agenda. Everything could have been perfect for some people if we had never retrieved the letters of Paul or if Mark had been completely erased/lost. Could we say that a well-intentioned person saved the letters of Paul and then Mark against all odds, especially against STS will?

**A:** Yes!!

**Q:** (L) So, some well-intentioned person. I think that Paul and Mark survived in very small communities that were Pauline communities. There was not a vast proliferation of copies, which is why there's so little left.

(Neema) The SAFIRE project claims to have created an artificial sun. I just wanted to know if it's a fraud or they have actually achieved what they claim.

(L) Well, what do they mean by they've created an artificial sun? I mean, you can go buy grow lights that reproduce the spectrum of sunlight to grow plants. So, is that what they're doing?

(Pierre) You need to recreate nuclear fusion - according to mainstream science.

(L) Anyway, the question is: Is it a fraud, or have they achieved what they claim?

**A:** If you have not seen it, then it would be wise to doubt it.

**Q:** (rrraven) The C's said there will be some crustal movement and perpendicularity will be restored. Ben Davidson (SuspiciousObserver) says 90 degree shift of equator caused by galactic current sheet energizing the sun which then micro novas... Is the galactic current sheet the "wave"?

(L) 90 degree shift of equator? A 90 degree shift of the equator would be like pointing the equator up.

(Pierre) It won't restore perpendicularity of the earth.

(L) There's only a 23 degree tilt. So, there only needs to be a 23 degree shift. Is there going to be a 90 degree shift of the equator?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) But perpendicularity is going to be restored?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) After the whole planet gets smacked by comets? \[laughter\]

(L) It'll be awhile before we get there. Next part of the question: Is the galactic current sheet the "wave"?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Is the sun going to go micro-nova?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) That Suspicious0bserver guy is a bit whacky.

(Niall) And he speaks in a tone that's VERY self-assured. Always a red flag...

(Toronto Group) Does the strobe lighting on the Chateau Christmas tree have any effect on its inhabitants?

(L) It's not strobing! It's blinking. All kinds of blinkies.

(Chu) We only use it like 1 hour a week.

(Joe) We only turned it on for you guys.

(L) Yeah. So you could enjoy seeing it and feel some Christmas cheer.

(Joe) And get the strobe effects.

(L) Yeah, it's for strobing YOU guys! Muhaha!

(Niall) It's entraining your brains. Brainwashing you. \[laughter\]

(L) Okay... Yes, it is a real miracle that Mark and Paul's letters were actually saved. Absolutely.

(Chu) That's it for questions.

(L) Alright then.

(Chu) One more question.

(Elohir) Has Marcion been considered good or smart enough to be provided with the letters of Paul? Has he been part of a group that wanted to save the truth against the Church of Jerusalem?

(L) Yeah, I'm convinced that it was Marcion who got it through that particular dark time and collected as many as he could find and put it together. Alrighty, I'm kind of exhausted here. Are there any questions we should have asked that we didn't ask? Please consider them asked and give us any advice that's available at the present time.

**A:** You are all doing well. We know it is difficult, but a bit more humor might help. Also do have some fun together! Goodbye.

(Pierre) We work too much.

(L) How are we supposed to have fun when we're all so DEPRESSED?! Aaaaaah! \[laughter\]

END OF SESSION