## July 29, 2023
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Pierre, Joe, Niall, Gaby, Ark, Possibility of Being, Chu, Scottie, Pikabu the Cat, Falcor, Bella

FOTCM Members participating via Zoom: 3DStudent, 987baz, A Jay, Adobe, Aeneas, aimarok, Aiming, Alana, Alejo, Altair, aluminumfalcon, anartist, AndrewMn, Andrian, annp, Ant22, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Aya, bjorb, Bluefyre, Bo, brandon, Breton, Chad, Cosmos, Deliverance, dirgni, dugdeep, Eboard10, Ellipse, fabric, Faith, Fallen\_735, finduilas495, France, Gawan, genero81, Glenn, goyacobol, Harmony99, herondancer, Hesper, hesperides, iamthatis, IrjO, Jacques, JEEP, Jenn, jess, Josi, kenlee, keyhole, KJN, Korzik18, Laurentien2, Laurs, Learner, Lilou, logos5x5, Loreta, LQB, m, Maat, Manitoban, marek760, Mari, Mariama, Mark7, Mike, Mikkael, Mililea, Theodor, mkrnhr, Mrs. Peel, Neema, NewEnglandSeeker, Nicholas, nicklebleu&his wife, Nienna, Obi, Ollie, OrangeScorpion, Oxajil, Pecha, PERLOU, RedFox, Redrock12, rrraven, Ryan, rylek, Saman, seek10, seeker2seer, Sinapi, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, Summerlite, Temperance, thorbiorn, Timótheos, Tristan, Tuatha de Danaan, Turgon, Ursus Minor, Voyageur, whitecoast, will01, williamsj, Ysus, Z

**Q:** (L) Well, hello, is anyone there?

**A:** Thought you would never ask! Furriaea of Cassiopaea at your service.

**Q:** (L) Okay, let's go to the top of the questions. So the first one is at the bottom?

(Chu) The first one is this one.

(Caesarea) An alleged interview with an alien has been circulating on video since 1997. "Redacted" recently did a video on it, alleging it is real based on the guest's investigation. Is the video legit?

**A:** Perhaps you should describe it a bit more as a courtesy to others?

**Q:** (L) Alright. Describe the video. Where are they? There they are.

(Caesarea) The interview was supposedly with a gray alien at Area 51, a special area where they housed aliens that had crashed. They interviewed them once every month. So in the interview there were a couple doctors with flashlights and it was kind of dark and, you know, a lot of people said the alien looks real and that to have it be fake, it would be too expensive. So that was kind of the gist of it. There was no audio either.

(Joe) What year was it meant to be?

(Niall) 97.

(Caesarea) Yeah. The video came out in 97, but it was supposed to have been filmed in, I think, 1991.

(L) Okay. And what was the gist of the conversation? Was there a transcript?

(Caesarea) The original guy that was narrating the video had his face hidden and he called himself Victor. The details of the conversation weren't really the focus. It was that the alien was having a medical problem, like he couldn't breathe, and there was a device showing that he was in some sort of distress. And so that's what Mike was saying, they had flashlights and they were looking at him and like checking his throat and his pulse or something. And was there anything else? They said that they had psychics there, that they would telepathically communicate with the alien for the interrogation/interview.

(L) And in no place does it reveal what the alien said at any point?

(Caesarea) I think the guy in the original video that was kind of describing it might have mentioned some things he said. They didn't have it in the Redacted interview what the alien might have said. The video itself wasn't a conversation. It was just like a two-minute clip of them kind of interacting, but there was no audio, so no real way of knowing what, if anything, was discussed at that particular conversation.

(Ark) The alien was very dark. You couldn't recognize anything. It was in the dark. And there was implications that the alien was communicating telepathically.

(Joe) And he said, "I like strawberry jam." \[laughter\]

(L) No, raaasberry! Okay. That's the sum and substance of this video they have shared of a real alien, supposedly. Was it a real alien in the video?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Follow up question?

(Caesarea) No.

(L) No. Okay.

(Ze Germans) Are there any conflicting 4D STS groups or races operating on the Earth at the moment or all of them are more or less cooperating with each other?

**A:** Not cooperating with each other. That is the wrong concept. They operate under the control of an hierarchical system with an overlord pulling the strings or levers as the case may be.

**Q:** (L) So they don't play nicely with each other unless they're overseen by a dictatorial being who commands their obedience. Is that it more or less?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And who's the overlord?

(L) Who's the overlord? Oh...

(Andromeda) Slip that one in...

**A:** You don't want to know!

**Q:** (Possibility of Being) I want to know.

(Joe) I don't want to know, but PoB does. \[laughter\]

(L) You think that's gonna fly?

(Joe) I'll cover my ears...

**A:** Science fiction is often inspired. Think of someone similar to the emperor, but far more virile.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Palpatine. From Star Wars.

(Joe) But not as old and decrepit. Does this person say "Mwahaha!" quite a lot? \[laughter\]

(L) I'm not gonna...

(Joe) I'm joking. I’m just gonna assume he does.

(L) Far more virile.

(Andromeda) I guess he sucks a lot of energy, huh?

(L) Sucks a lot of energy. Yeah. 'cause that emperor looks like he's starving. I mean, ugh... Okay.

(Ze Germans) How many humans/humanoids from the underground civilization are on the surface of the Earth at the moment?

(L) Who asked this question?

(Chu) The Germans.

(L) Germans. They ask weird stuff like that. How many humans/humanoids from the underground? So, how many?

**A:** Varies with circumstances, but average is about 2 to 2.5 million.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Walking around up top.

(Joe) And do these people know who they are? I mean...

**A:** Of course!

**Q:** (Joe) Okay. And do they have a mission that they're aware of? Do they know why they're walking around?

**A:** Indeed. Usually acting as "handlers" or agents provocateur.

**Q:** (Joe) So from our perspective, their mission, it would be nefarious?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Are there any of them running that show over there in Ukraine?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Are there any of them handling members of the US government?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Handling high-level members of other governments?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Handling leaders of different types of, like, media or whatever, like influencers and such?

**A:** Yes yes yes

**Q:** (Joe) Are any of them on YouTube?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) With large-follower channels?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Give us one name. \[laughter\]

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Please. \[laughter\] Is part of their mission or agenda to prepare the global population for revelation of aliens?

**A:** Partly, but also involved with depopulation agenda.

**Q:** (Joe) So these people were born underground?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) And raised underground?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And then appeared as adults on the surface, got a job...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And who made them?

**A:** Lizards in cahoots with STS Orions.

**Q:** (Joe) So these are human beings. They're functionally the same, as human as other human beings? Like biologically the same as other human beings, or not?

**A:** Some genetic tweaks. Most were harvested from human mothers and incubated.

**Q:** (Gaby) So this is part of the hybridization program that some experiencers or abductees recall?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Possibility of Being) Do they know good and evil the same way as we would understand it?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Are they - from our perspective - very much like mind-controlled beings in that sense? They don't have much free will?

**A:** Yes. And much like very efficient psychopaths.

**Q:** (L) Well.

(Joe) 2.5 million. They pop up and down.

(L) That's friendly.

(Joe) Where do they live normally when they're not on the surface? Where did they grow up and stuff?

**A:** Underground bases.

**Q:** (L) And they've described those.

(Ursus Minor) Who or what is making Netanyahu push Israel to the brink?

(L) I think we have that answer! \[laughter\] Already answered there! Is that something along the line of what these underground handlers would be doing?

**A:** Yes and also mind manipulation.

**Q:** (L) Well, some of these people, I swear, you know, I mean, I listen to some of these people, these crazy lefties or these governments, like the Schwab and Trudeau and Al Gore and John Kerry and all of these other people, you know, talking... And if they believe what they're saying, then they don't have enough intelligence to come in out of the rain. If they know that what they're saying is bullshit, then they are super, super evil.

(Andromeda) They're either super evil and lying, or super stupid and mind controlled.

(Joe) How long have these underground psychos been interfering with human affairs in this way?

**A:** Thousands of years.

**Q:** (L) That reminds me, remember when I asked the question about Sargon of Akkad? And they called him a deep level punctuator. Is that what a deep level punctuator is? Somebody who comes up and does stuff?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, I mean, 'does stuff' is pretty vague, but you... \[laughter\]

(Joe) Makes an impact.

(L) Yeah. Makes an impact on human society stuff.

(Niall) Did someone like him, Sargon of Akkad, thousands of years ago, emerge from a high-tech base and play a consciously evil role on the surface where he pretended to be an ancient?

**A:** They would be educated and trained in congruence with the society of the time. Memory wipe before implantation of mission. However, in earlier times the tech was not adequate so that the outcome was not always certain.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that when they would take people and they would have them in underground bases or whatever, they would behave and dress and converse and everything, and the environment was matched to the environment on the surface more or less?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And before they would send somebody out and in some situations they would wipe their memories or, I mean... Are we talking about something that they would do when they were children and then send them to be raised in some way?

**A:** Some

**Q:** (L) And then you say that the outcome wasn't always certain because the tech wasn't adequate. You mean the manipulation tech, the hybridization tech?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) The controlling of them kind of tech?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Why was that tech not adequate? I suppose maybe you had to have a certain infrastructure on the planet of technology in order to control them on the planet...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. And then there's the other thing... Was it also partly because the bloodline had not been purified enough?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And you say the outcome wasn't certain. What do you mean by the outcome of their plan? What do you mean that it wasn't always certain?

**A:** Some of the subjects were not sufficiently "evil".

**Q:** (L) So in other words, they would maybe turn good and turn on their creators and masters?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Influenced by normal human society.

(L) Maybe they fell in love. \[laughter\] Romance novel!

(Niall) The vampire really was saved! \[laughter\]

(L) Oh, it could have happened, right?

(Joe) "Seven nights in a humanoid's bed." \[laughter\]

(Niall) So you're saying there's a chance... \[laughter\]

(L) Okay, next question:

(Mrs. Peel) Does having all the people present via Zoom interfere with the answers?

**A:** No!

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Mrs. Peel) ...i.e. not wanting to answer, giving vague answers, because some of us may have strong beliefs one way or another, and they don't want to violate free will.

(L) Well, I wouldn't call that an interference with the answer. That's just courtesy. And we do that anyway because you know what? If you're not here, they know I'm gonna publish it. So it's going to be the same thing whether you're here or whether you're not. The only exception, of course, would be our personal private questions that they know are never gonna get published.

(PERLOU) This book, "Tales of Eternal Life,” is the French translation of four authors, Charlotte E. Dresser, Robert J. Lees, George V. Owen and James E. Pagett, it concerns the different places and occupations of the souls of the deceased. Can we trust him?

**A:** Generally.

**Q:** (PERLOU) What is the percentage of truth?

**A:** 62

**Q:** (Andromeda) That's pretty high.

(L) Okay, next:

(Ze Germans) If Russia's karmic role is an adversary of Atlantis, who was playing this role back then before the final destruction of Atlantis?

**A:** Same locale, different names. Read The Iliad and Odyssey for clues.

**Q:** (L) Well, supposedly, according to Plato, it was the Athenians against Atlantis. But there were no Athenians until late in modern history. So maybe that name was carried forward from an even more ancient history that was further north. I hope y'all are following my little excerpts from “Horns of Moses” that I've been putting on Ark's blog because I kind of talk about that a little bit. Okay.

(Ze Germans) To what extent, in general, is our linear perception of time determined by social and cultural influence?

(L) To what extent? It's not a very precise question.

(Andromeda) Yeah.

(L) I mean, what are they gonna say? "To a great extent”?

(Andromeda) Right.

(L) You know, what does that mean?

(Joe) They spoke about time and perception, illusion.

(L) They've talked a lot about time. Look it up. Who was asking that?

(Chu) The Germans.

(L) Germans? Read the sessions for crying all night! \[laughter\]

(Eboard10) Is there a Laura/FOTCM equivalent in the East?

**A:** Unfortunately, no.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) According to the US Geological Survey, there are dozens of mountains in Western Antarctica called pyramids. How many of them are actually pyramids?

**A:** 0

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(Fallen\_735) Is it likely that Cuba will find a way around the US embargo with the current and upcoming geopolitics and economic landscape changing?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Probably already in process. They just won't be trading with the USA.

(IrjO) The majority of ancient megalithic structures around the world have little nubs on random pieces of rocks that compose the overall structures. Nobody can find a concrete answer to the why of these nubs. What was the purpose of those nubs? Or did it have any importance to ancient buildings?

**A:** The stones were surfaced by a facade.

**Q:** (Ellipse) Is there such a thing as an alien race completely directed by A.I.?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Okay.

(thorbiorn) Where was that alien \[in the video\] from, inner Earth, other density or dimension?

**A:** Sometimes they are the same.

**Q:** (Ursus Minor) Allegedly there was a UFO crash in northern Italy in 1933. Were there any similar incidents in Europe before that?

**A:** Not in modern times.

**Q:** (L) But maybe before modern times?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What about this Grusch guy that's been testifying in front of Congress?

(L) What about him?

(Joe) Is he legit in what he's saying?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) It seems there's two factions. You might call...

**A:** More than...

**Q:** (Joe) Well, there seems to be a movement to kind of like - in Congress at least - to be open to the possibility of disclosure and investigating blah, blah, blah, blah. But then recently, I think it was the Pentagon, who have kind of come out and said that nothing he says is true. So there seems to be a pushback from the deep state, Pentagon, whatever... trying to prevent this move towards disclosure by whistleblowers.

**A:** Indeed!

**Q:** (Joe) So it'll just be drawn out, I suppose, like they said last time.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Farmies) Previously, the Cs said Michelle Obama isn't a man. Was Michelle Obama born a biological female?

(L) Clever! \[laughter\]

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) But you said she wasn't a man.

(Chu) Anymore...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) What? That's confusing. You have to explain that.

(Niall) Hermaphrodite.

(Joe) What was she born? I mean, what's the deal?

(L) Could Michelle Obama be a hermaphrodite?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is she one of those underground people?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) Well, hermaphrodite is, as I understand it - and some of you people can correct me if I'm wrong - is an individual born with both sets of sexual organs. It can be an individual who has both a penis and a vagina.

(Gaby) But usually they will be XY or XX even though they're hermaphrodites. There's like a medical anomaly. You know, one gender will predominate.

(L) Is that what we're looking at here?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So I bet Barry was glad, huh? \[laughter\]

(Niall) So the rumors are true-ISH!

(Joe) What? Well, hang on. I still dunno what's going on! \[laughter\] What's the deal? Does she...

(Niall) She has junk in the trunk. \[laughter\]

(Joe) Does she have a...

(Andromeda) Is she still fully equipped on both sides?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) That's what people in these videos see, kind of like protruding or swinging under her dresses?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So why would... Obama thought that was attractive?

**A:** Best of both worlds for a sick person like him.

**Q:** (L) Is that a value judgment?

**A:** No. Clinical diagnosis.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying Barry Obama is a sick person. Sick in what way?

**A:** Psychopath.

**Q:** (Joe) Is he an underground person?

**A:** No, not smart enough.

**Q:** (Niall) What happened to their chef last week? He was found dead in the house.

**A:** Drugs. Daughter involved.

**Q:** (Joe) Obama's daughter?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) His fake daughter.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Where did he get them daughters from?

(L) Well, they know, I mean, that's been put up on the web before, the parents of those girls that have been photographed with them and with the Obamas.

(Joe) They don't recognize them as being adopted.

(L) Right.

(Joe) It's not officially recognized.

(L) No.

(Joe) They claim that it's Michelle and Barry's daughters.

(L) Right. It's a big fake.

(seek10): How many people are like that in the world currently? Like Michelle Obama?

(L) You mean hermaphrodites?

(seek10) Right.

(L) What's the... It's very small.

(Gaby) It's very, very rare.

**A:** Less than 5K.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Very rare.

(Joe) And then becoming the First Lady. What are the odds?

(Andromeda) But it does explain a lot.

(Alejo) What did they ask the alien?

(L) What did they ask the alien?

(Andromeda) From the interview.

(L) Oh, we're back to the alien video again.

**A:** Trying to get him to explain purpose of aliens in general.

**Q:** (Alejo) Why did it choke?

**A:** Wrong atmosphere, pressure, etc.

**Q:** (Joe) Gray aliens don't know much anyway, do they?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Farmies) Was Michel Trudeau's death an accident? \[Justin Trudeau's brother\]

(Niall) He died in the early nineties in an avalanche.

(L) Okay. What was his death, an accident?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is Trudeau's father Fidel Castro?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Keyhole) Are there members of the elite who consume the bodily fluids and or body parts of other humans?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Keyhole) If so, why do they do this?

**A:** Sickness.

**Q:** (Keyhole) Is there any truth to the theory that human blood is consumed for adrenochrome?

**A:** Not exactly. It is extracted from the blood first.

**Q:** (Joe) And it's created in the way that people claim it's created...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Remember they described that to us. Remember I asked about a painful and torturous death, and they said it produces chemicals that they like to consume? And if that happens for aliens, then the possibility that they're alien hybrids...

(Pierre) What are the properties of adrenochrome?

**A:** Anti-aging, sexual potency, energy and somewhat psychedelic.

**Q:** (Niall) So it's a drug.

(Joe) When you say anti-aging, is it a pronounced anti-aging effect? We're not talking about rejuvenation in any literal sense, are we?

**A:** Temporary or Hillary and George would look younger.

**Q:** (Joe) So that suggested Hillary Clinton, George Bush...

(L) I don't think you're talking about George Bush.

(Joe) George Soros. Are they aware that they seek out adrenochrome, and take it actively? They have done?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And they know where it comes from?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Gaby) Jesus!

(Chu) When they mention sickness above, it is the same as Obama, right?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Chu) Not that they're sick, but they are.

(Joe) And is it done via blood transfusion?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) They said they extract it from the blood. And give it to them as a drug.

(Joe) Oh, yes, it's injected as a drug.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) So basically, they torture people so that there's more of this in the blood.

(L) Children.

(Andromeda) They take the blood...

(L) Yeah.

(Gaby) That's very sick.

**Q:** (Oxajil) Is the Dutch political party, the "Farmer Citizen Movement", controlled opposition?

**A:** Not yet.

\[L reading the next question:\]

**Q:** (L) Does... It should say "Do"... Do cyborgs i.e. human beings, grown artificially and programmed \[exist on Earth\]?

(Chu) Are they grown artificially?

(L) Is a cyborg technically an artificially grown human? I don't think so. A cyborg would have to be part human, part machine. So, I don't think that... because we already know that there are human beings grown artificially on Earth and programmed. So no, Ellipse, a cyborg is a creature that is human with mechanical parts.

(Joe) RoboCop.

(Andromeda) Right, Terminator.

(Ze Germans) What is the nature of the power center in Russia, which is symbolized by a bear as described previously?

**A:** Partly dismantled. Now in opposition to NWO.

**Q:** (Joe) Do Putin and the members of the Russian government know the extent of the depravity of their Western "partners", as we were just talking about?

**A:** They can hardly believe it.

**Q:** (L) Alright. Yeah, because when we asked that question, it seems to me that they were saying that there was something in Russia that was part of this beast empire thing, and that would be, I think, the Westerners who were... Maybe the oligarchs who were Western leaning and so forth, and they were very powerful at the time.

(Niall) So, I guess it's Putin who has partly dismantled it...

(L) Yeah. And, and Putin has dismantled that structure?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) At least partly, I'm sure.

(Mrs. Peel) Since \[forum member\] isn't here to ask, and if appropriate, what happened when his son's car flipped over? He described the accident on the forum as very strange.

**A:** All should be aware and cautious as these energies can develop like mini-tornadoes due to differential between the individual and the environment.

**Q:** (L) So if you're going along through an environment that, at that moment, for example, is very thick with certain energies, maybe because of, you know, the planet or because it's being beamed or because of surrounding people and whatever, and your energy is so different, it can be like the differential between hot and cold air that creates storms. Is that it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Or lightning.

(Neema) What happened to Mitch McConnell the other day when he froze during a press conference?

**A:** TIA. \[Transient Ischemic Attack\]

**Q:** (Pecha) Do these undergrounders have more advanced psychic powers compared to the surface population?

**A:** Usually, yes.

**Q:** (thorbiorn) What languages do the undergrounders speak?

**A:** Different based on where they are assigned.

**Q:** (Aiming) Are there individuals in the underground race who have the potential to wake up and follow their own free will?

**A:** At this point, hardly at all.

**Q:** (Joe) On that topic, how many are there in total? Two point up to 2.5 million are on the surface at any time. How many are there in total?

(L) Didn't we already ask those questions?

(Joe) In this session?

(L) Not in this session, but at other sessions.

\[Falcor chewing on Laura's flip flop.\]

(Andromeda) Sweetie, would you save mom's flip flop there before it becomes...

(L) Somebody stole my shoe? \[laughter\] Give up my flip flop! Those are my favorite flip flops. Now they're all wet and slimy! \[laughter\]

(Josi) What did the woman see, who made a scene while getting off a plane in Dallas by saying "That MFer is not real"?

**A:** Flipped out from the energy of one of the hybrids.

**Q:** (thorbiorn) Is there a way of discovering these types of undergrounders from studying their biographies if they are public people?

**A:** Not likely, but tiny details might give clues, but never enough to make a convincing case.

**Q:** (Joe) Would it be true to say that none of them, these hybrids/underground people, are notable public figures?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Possibility of Being) Do they span the different races?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So some of them we would know if they were to tell us that one of them was such a hybrid person.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) But they're not going to.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Why? We won't tell anyone!

**A:** No!

**Q:** (Joe) If we come up with a list of possible candidates, would they tell us if we were right or wrong?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Niall) But this woman on the plane saw something, and she happened to see one of them. What did she see that made her go...?

(Joe) They said the energy flipped something.

(L) The energy flipped her out. And then she saw whatever she saw and that...

(Niall) He shapeshifted or something...

(L) No...

(Joe) No, she just said, "that guy isn't real".

(L) It was the energy.

(Andromeda) Are there any clues that we can look for?

**A:** Not a useful path.

**Q:** (L) Yeah. So in other words, following that line of questioning is not useful. Is it dangerous?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) I promised we wouldn't say anything! \[laughter\]

(L) Yeah, but they know what we're saying all the time anyway.

**Q:** (Possibility of Being) I have a question. I'm not going to ask what it is, but if there is anything specific about them that is possible to recognize?

**A:** They are "human" in appearance, but the energy is different to those who are sensitive.

**Q:** (Joe) They're just weirdos.

(Possibility of Being) Do they recognize each other?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is Mark Zuckerberg one of them?

\[Planchette moves towards "yes", then moves away.\]

(L) Oh!

(Andromeda) He should be one of those cyborgs, actually!

(L) They stopped. \[laughter\]

(Andromeda) They were moving toward the "Yes"!

(Niall) Okay, say no more!

(Joe) Alright. We're not gonna ask about that anymore. See how confidential we are? I'm not going to ask, I'm just gonna take it as a "Yes". \[laughter\]

(Niall) Everyone knows there's something...

(L) There's something really wrong with that guy. Yeah.

(Caesarea) Were the underground mountain structures remote viewed by Pat Price and Joe McMoneagle for Stargate associated with the underground people being discussed?

**A:** Partly but distorted.

(Ze Germans) Are Rothschilds undergrounders as well?

**A:** Not at present.

**Q:** (L) Was the original...

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Are there some of them who don't know who they are? Like their memories have been wiped and new ones implanted?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) They are just useful idiots, for some point...

(L) I guess it depends on the kind of mission they're assigned to, what their parameters are. Every situation is probably different.

**Q:** (Neema) How much control do these underground "handlers" have in Russia?

**A:** Much less.

**Q:** (Neema) Is Vladimir Putin aware of them?

**A:** No

**Q:** (RedFox) Do Earth changes (sinkholes, volcanoes, earthquakes) effect the underground bases?

(L) That should be "affect", A-F-F-E-C-T, RedFox, you should know better than that. \[laughter\]

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) I think that that question has been discussed in a previous session and they said that they were deeper than earthquakes.

(Chu) That's what IrjO just said on the chat.

(L) Okay. Thank you, IrjO.

(Ursus Minor) Do people like Kissinger only make it to 100 by consuming adrenochrome?

**A:** Or something similar.

**Q:** (L) How old is George Soros?

(Pierre) 99?

(Niall) No, he is in his nineties. Early or mid nineties.

(Joe) Yeah, past his nineties.

(L) Yeah, I mean, look at him, and Hillary, and Kissinger. I mean, they look like they're siblings.

(Niall) George Soros is younger than Kissinger, but he's in his nineties.

(Adobe) You know that our understanding of time is so-so at best, yet you answer "at times" from our point of reference and it of course rarely works to our understanding of time. So why do you answer us with our time references?

(L) I think that's fairly obvious. Because they're talking to us and they want to communicate. I mean...

(Adobe) Is there a lesson we are supposed to be getting from this? Or is it just noise/static?

(L) I don't understand your question.

(Joe) What do you mean?

(Adobe) Okay. On that question, they often answer, and I'm thinking specifically right now of... It was asked, "is the next real pandemic possibly gonna happen in two months?" The answer was no. "Is it going to happen within two years?" "Yes." And two years passed, so somebody brought it up, and there is regularly something like that, where the Cs will answer with a time reference that we understand (like "within two years") and then, it doesn't happen. So if they know our time reference, why would they even answer that? Why wouldn't they just allude from it and say, you know, wait and see? But they say, like that last time, "within two years", and it doesn't happen within two years. I'm kind of left with "wait for the other shoe to drop." Is there something we should be learning here?

(L) Well, I don't know which specific reference you're talking about. Do you, Niall?

(Niall) Yes. We asked about the likelihood of a plague, in the sense of the Black Death. And it was sometime in the mid-teens, they said "in 18 months to two years" or something like that. Well, there has not been a Black Death in that time period.

(L) Right. I don't know! Okay. What's the answer to that?

**A:** Reality is open and plans change. Sometimes we give answers to prevent calamity. The PTB would not allow such a prediction to manifest as it would draw positive attention to this source and they wish to avoid that at all costs. In the case of the COVID fake pandemic it was already in motion and major plans were in place.

**Q:** (L) So you're saying that sometimes you tell us some things just to prevent it from happening, because you know they won't let it happen if you say it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) There have been some things that they've said that have happened in the timeframe too, right?

(L) Yeah, there have been.

(Joe) There have been cases in the internet era that got a lot of attention when someone... There haven't been many, but there have been a few over the past 20 years... where someone predicted something. It wasn't like a major event, a plane crash or so something like that. Someone predicted and it got a lot of traction on the internet after the fact. They used a timestamp and they showed that some person had actually predicted some kind of an event, you know? So I think it's true that that would be something they'd want to avoid, you know?

(L) Well, they've also said... remember that time when they said that the PTB, you know, they change plans and change everything around just to fool and throw people off.

(Joe) Yeah. They have an eye on... There's a lot of people, especially now, watching what's going on and trying to kind of predict and talk about what is actually going on, what's behind the scenes, what the plan is, for example, global warming scam, and how they're going to try and kill everybody.... Jordan Peterson is basically talking about that, their plan is to basically starve the entire population, and kill off half of them. You know what I mean? So, when you have that level of exposure on that kind of a plan, it's understandable that they would want to divert that. So there is a feedback from the population, at least the part of the population that's half aware and watching, and trying to figure things out. That's a feedback that the powers that be are getting and they're watching that, they're paying attention to that. And if a certain idea gains some traction, a certain idea as a prediction that is actually part of their plans, they're probably going to change those plans because they don't want to validate anything that anybody has said in terms of prediction. Because most of the people predicting things these days are saying that these people are up to no good. They're nefarious, they're evil powers that be, they're doing this and that, and they don't ever want to give any credence to that.

(L) I think that's one of the reasons why the Cs are very reluctant to give timeframes, unless it's for a definite reason.

(Joe) I'm not saying this to be facetious, but Adobe, pick one of your family members or a friend, and predict what they're going to do tomorrow in the details. Where they're going to go, what time do they get up, when they're gonna go to their work, when they're coming home, you know, in broad strokes, but being fairly specific. I'm just saying that because it's obviously... it's changeable as much as you know someone's agenda...

(Andromeda) About probability and possibilities and all of that stuff...

(Joe) There are so many different things can come into play that can just divert someone's usual course.

(L) We don't have a fixed future except that broad general ideas and things, and repeating cycles are there. But I don't think you can very often... until just before the event, when the realities have converged, and then things are more or less set in stone, and then you can predict.

(Joe) Yeah, we can never really predict.

(L) And it's like... in a sense it's like playing dice, if you have a bunch of different people making predictions about something and everybody is making a different prediction, one of them is going to be right.

(Joe) The Cs have given a general trajectory for the future.

(L) Yeah.

(Joe) But in terms of the details and specifics of when certain events happen...You know, specific events like COVID or a pandemic, or a major volcano or the descent of America into civil war, or any number of these things. I mean, you can't lock that down, you know? Because it's a dynamic situation.

(L) Well, I think that there is another thing about it, and that is that if they make predictions... I don't know how to say this...

(Pierre) In some cases it's a breach of free will.

(L) Yeah. It violates free will. Well, look at what they did about the COVID thing. I mean, on the end of January 31st, 2019... The Cs talked about chills and all that kind of stuff. They didn't say that there was going to be a fixed.... They gave, you know, "you're gonna get chills", and all these kind of things. All of which were pretty exact descriptions of what this thing was that was coming.

(Andromeda) Yeah. In retrospect you can look back and say, that was it.

(L) Yeah, but we couldn't tell in advance. So, a lot of what they give us is along that line. Clues about things like that.

(Niall) Yeah. I think they actually said that in December, on New Year's Eve.

(Joe) Yeah, in December.

(L) It was December 31st, wasn't it?

(Joe) And that had already begun. That was locked in. That was an event that was going to happen. And they're not going to tell us, "Listen, here is what is going to happen over the next two years. They're gonna lock down, they're gonna kill people off..."

(Gaby) There were already COVID cases by December.

(Joe) They weren't going to tell us all the details of what was going on because...

(Andromeda) ...because those can change as well.

(Joe) Well no, that's a learning experience.

(Andromeda) Yeah, as well.

(Joe) That would be a violation of your...

(L) Free will learning directive.

(Niall) Well, what is important in what they're saying is that that is a relatively safe learning experience. But they did forestall, it seems, an actual plague event. Because that is a learning experience they didn't want us to go through. Not yet. Is that all right? Years earlier.

(L) Yeah. Alright. Next question:

(Ryan) Are the underground psychos responsible for all the historically high-level STS secret societies?

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) I don't think you need underground psychos for that. Normal human psychos will do quite well.

(thorbiorn) Digitalization makes knowledge formerly written in books more accessible, but also more controllable and volatile, since digital storage mediums are more sensitive to electromagnetic disturbances and digital editing. How important is it for the preservation of knowledge to make efforts to preserve knowledge in books and printed matter?

**A:** Very!

**Q:** (L) So it's very important.

(thorbiorn) What is the most reliable way to preserve knowledge?

**A:** Carved in stone or written on wet clay and then baked.

**Q:** (Chu) Does anybody feel like transcribing "From Paul to Mark" on stone? Right. \[laughter\]

(Andromeda) Somewhere in a cave, or a cave wall!

(Scottie) "Secret History"! We're gonna need a big rock.

(L) Yeeeah.... \[laughter\] Well, it is true that those are the things that have survived for thousands of years.

(Andromeda) Yeah, the only things.

(L) And I guess the second would be the other method, which is writing on paper-like surfaces, you know, like vellum or sheep skin or whatever. And then recopying it at regular intervals. Carefully, because errors always come in when you copy.

(Andromeda) Yeah, so you have to have a trustworthy line of people to do that.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Well, I'm sure there's probably some modern kind of laser inscribing on stone.

(L) Well, that might work.

(Joe) We could have that done, you know, do one of your books or something.

(L) Yeah, just do it with lasers.

(Joe) That would be a lot of stone, though.

(L) Yeah.

(Bo) I am actually curious if there is any of the underground people that have managed to join the FOTCM group? \[laughter\]

(Chu) Confess!

**A:** No

**Q:** (Bo) Have they tried?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Bo) I would assume they would try, to cause chaos maybe, or for some other purpose.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (thorbiorn) These Nephalim on the way, will they use some of these portals like in Ukraine, Middle East, et cetera, as their preferred landing spots?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** \[Laura senses something.\] There's something about that. What is it?

**A:** But not necessary.

**Q:** (L) So it's not necessary for them to use those portals?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) They come in anyways, in other ways.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Alright.

(Ze Germans) Who is the STS Overlord on the top of the hierarchy who is "in charge" of the Earth?

(Chu) They said we wouldn't want to know.

(L) Altair, didn't you hear them when they said they're not gonna answer that? But they DID say something about who the Lizzies worship. What did they say?

(Joe) Ormethion?

(Andromeda) Yeah. And the one who's in charge of the Earth might not necessarily be the one at the very top, right?

(L) Right.

(Gaby) There are many worlds.

(L) Right. And they named a couple, if I remember correctly. At one point we were asking about the flood in Poland, and they named them.

(Josi) Is Chelsea Clinton the daughter of Hubbel, Bill Clinton?

(L) Hubbel Bill... Who is Hubbel Bill Clinton?

(Niall) It was another lawyer who worked with Hillary Clinton.

(L) Somebody named Hubbel Bill Clinton?

(Niall) No, no. There's name mixed up there, I think.

(Ryan) I think that's a typo. I think that's meant to be "hubby".

(L) Okay. Is Chelsea the daughter of Hubby, Bill Clinton?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Andromeda) Is it the other guy?

(L) Well, they've put it on the net many times, the guy who was working with Hillary, and who looks exactly like Chelsea, or vice versa.

(Niall) But again, it's not official. That's the conspiracy theory.

(L) Well, of course it's not official, and it doesn't matter what the Cs say about it, it's not official.

(Niall) Okay.

(Joe) What about Prince Harry? is James Hewitt his biological father?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Joe) Is Charles?

**A:** Yes. He checked!

**Q:** (Joe) Can I just ask, Laura, on that topic, from the archives, just for clarity... Was Princess Diana, her car crash in which she died, in some way deliberately caused by powerful forces in the British establishment, or...?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Because it was never actually said in that...

(L) Well, they didn't say it at that time. It was a volatile time.

(Whitecoast) Adrenochrome could be theoretically synthesized by genetically modified bacteria without the elites drawing attention to themselves via torture and harvesting of humans. Why don't they do that, or do they?

(L) Do they?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Why do they do this other stuff?

**A:** Sickness.

**Q:** (L) Because they like to.

(Obi) My father passed away at the end of June. I would like to know if his transition was smooth and what he is doing now. Is he alright?

**A:** He is alright.

**Q:** (IrjO) Following to the question regarding the woman on the plane, is that the reason of why she cannot be found after that incident? Like, is she being silenced?

**A:** No

**Q:** (IrjO) A lot a people were trying to contact her after the video went viral, for her to explain exactly what she saw, but it seems no one can really find her.

**A:** Not true.

**Q:** (L) So that's just a conspiracy theory forming around her?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) She's probably embarrassed, she doesn't want to...

(L) Yeah.

(Andromeda) She probably doesn't even know what happened herself.

(L) Or maybe she flipped out so completely, she got hospitalized. Medicated.

(Andromeda) Maybe.

(Caesarea) Are some of the hybrids re-inserted into women on the surface, so they are born "normally"?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's pleasant...

(Ryan) Is the story about Paul Dienach time travelling in a coma, discussed on the Forum, accurate in a general way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ryan) If so, was my assessment of what happened close to what actually happened?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (IrjO) So it is true, the saying that says: "The one who keeps his secret; gets his desire,” meaning if you tell your plans, most likely they won't become a reality?

**A:** Yes!

**Q:** (Chu) That's it. Oh no, one more.

(Ant22) What happened to the Skripals? The Russian spy who crossed over the UK side, and his daughter? They've been gone from the media since shortly after the Salisbury incident.

**A:** Kept silent since they figured out what happened to them.

**Q:** (L) All right. Is there anything we haven't asked that we should have asked or any last minute advice you have to give us? Because I'm really whooped!

**A:** Get your rest. You are all doing well. Goodbye.

END OF SESSION