## July 6, 2024
Laura and Andromeda at the board

Niall, Joe, Gaby, Ark, PoB, Chu, Scottie, Falkor, Bella, Leia

FOTCM Members attending via Zoom:

3DStudent, A Jay, Aeneas, aimarok, Aiming, Alana, Alejo, Altair, aluminumfalcon, anartist, Andrian, Annamarija, annp, Ant22, Anthony, Approaching Infinity, Arwenn, Aya, Bluefyre, Bobo08, brandon, Breton, Carl, cassandra, Cosmos, Deliverance, Dirgni, dugdeep, Eboard10, Ellipse, fabric, Finduilas495, France, Gawan, genero81, Glenn, Gottathink, Gwenllian, Herondancer, Hesper, Hesperides, hlat&wife, iamthatis, IrjO, Iscreamsandwish, Jacques, JeanneT, JEEP, Jefferson, Jenn, Josi, Juba, Keit, keyhole, Kinyash, KJN, Laurentien2, Laurs, Learner, Lilou, Lilyalic, Loreta, LQB, Luc, Luis Miguel, Maiko, Marek760, Mark, Mark7, Martina, Michal, Mike, Mililea, Miracle, Mrs. Peel, msante, Navigator, Neil, Nicholas, Nienna, Obi, Oxajil, Pecha, Puma, RedFox, Redrock12, rrraven, Ryan, rylek, seek10, seeker2seer, Sinapi, Steph\_Rivers, Stoneboss, sToRmR1dR, T.C., Theodor, Thorbjorn, Timótheos, Tristan, Tuatha de Danaan, Turgon, vulcan59, whitecoast, Windmill knight, Yas, Ysus, Z…, zim.

**Q:** (L) Today is July 6th, 2024. \[Review of those present.\] We might as well get ourselves going here. Hello, is anybody there?

**A:** Quorum is meeting. Changes coming.

**Q:** (L) And who do we have with us this evening?

**A:** Nomendei of Cassiopaea.

**Q:** (Joe) The name of God, or the names of God...

(Scottie) That's unusual.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So you say the Quorum is meeting. Is that the Quorum you have spoken of in previous sessions?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) And where are they meeting?

**A:** 4D.

**Q:** (L) And is it unusual for them to meet? I mean, is that why you brought this up?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) When was the last time they met?

**A:** 40 years ago.

**Q:** (L) Was that 40 years, or did I miss a number? Was it 40?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) 40 years ago was when?

(Joe) 1984.

**Q:** (L) 1984. Uh-oh, argh! \[Laughter\]

(Joe) What are they meeting to discuss or decide?

**A:** Future of Earth.

**Q:** (L) Is it a good thing they're meeting, or a bad thing?

**A:** Depends on perspective.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Is it a good thing from our perspective?

**A:** Probably not.

**Q:** (L) Does it mean that from our perspective they're going to effect, or make some nefarious plans in the direction of greater control of human beings?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Is it because there is too much resistance against the increasing control, or not enough?

**A:** Not enough for balance.

**Q:** (L) So, based on things you've said in the past, does that mean there needs to be more suffering so that more people wake up?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) Well, swell!

(Joe) So the meeting that they're having, the decision that they're coming to will determine the future of Earth in a definitive way, or is it just another step?

**A:** Not as you suggest, no.

**Q:** (Gaby) It's more about the future of humanity...

(Joe) Or the future trajectory, or the next step in the...

**A:** There needs to be balance.

**Q:** (Joe) There needs to be balance, but they said there's not enough resistance from people, right?

(Chu) Yeah.

(Joe) And there's not enough resistance for balance. And there needs to be balance. So...

(L) They need to make more resistance.

(Joe) Well, these people aren't intending to produce more resistance. They're probably intending to create more control, but by trying to do that, they'll provoke more resistance.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So the controls may get tighter.

(Joe) And then people will rebel more.

(L) Well, swell! There went my retirement!

(Joe) It's kind of funny how someone would want more control, but that to get there, and in trying to get more control, they're not aware that they're going to get more resistance.

(L) Yeah, well, isn't that what Mephistopheles said in Faust? You know, he who intends evil, but... something along the lines. Somebody find that quote from Faust. "He who intends evil but ends up doing good..." or whatever. \["I am part of that power which eternally wills evil and eternally works good"\].

(Joe) So does that relate to the program change that they talked about in the last session?

**A:** Yes, indirectly.

**Q:** (PoB) Does "future of Earth" also involve things like Earth changes, climate and...?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) So, what is within the purview of this Quorum people is basically control of human beings rather than...

(Chu) Well, if they're in 4D, they might be controlling the weather too.

(Joe) But can they effect changes like cataclysms? Can they induce or provoke cataclysms?

**A:** Yes to all.

**Q:** (Joe) So we're looking at something more along the lines of Earth changes then... \[Laughter\]

**A:** No dice!

**Q:** (Joe) So, we're looking then at stuff more along the lines of more control over human beings, which provokes Earth changes because of the...

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (L) If you can't create without, you create within.

(Joe) Exactly. So it's disease X! So you're saying it's disease X! \[Laughter\]

(L) You are funny. So that was the... the Quorum is meeting. What else did they say?

(Chu) Change is coming.

(L) Ok, we kind of covered that.

(PoB) What about help? Is it coming too?

(Joe) Help is on the way, yes.

(L) Yeah, right... Alright. Let's get onto our questions.

(Mark) Regarding the 27 million year orbit of the twin sun, how did people...

(L) Well, we never confirmed that it was exactly 27 million. That was one of the top contenders, but they never would actually tell us. But nevertheless, I'll ask the question because even if it wasn't exactly 27 million, we know it was somewhere in the ballpark of those numbers.

(Mark) How did people in the past become aware of this?

**A:** Passed down from former advanced civilization.

**Q:** (L) So maybe kind of like the knowledge of Sirius B and the African tribe that knows about them. Something like that?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Mark) For example, the 19th century Alchemist Sédir alluded to a "second Sun", which seems to be a reference to the twin sun. Fulcanelli also seemed to know about the twin sun. If that's the case, how did they and others in the past come to know about this?

(L) Okay, so they said "passed down from former civilization". Did anybody know about it via something like channelling?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Is it something like, if you are involved in certain esoteric activities, and you achieve some kind of, say, elevated state, that that kind of knowledge can come to you also?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Mark) In the session 30 September, 1994, the Cs named the 12 planets of our solar system, including 3 not yet discovered by our astronomers. When giving the names they gave the names we use for the first 9 planets, and 3 names we didn't know for the additional 3 planets. The names also included a second word for each planet, for example "Earth=Saras", "Venus=Pemuntar", "Mercury=Opatanar", etc. Who created these second names?

(L) Well, I guess we should say that the second names were probably the first names. And the names that we know them by are the second names, because we gave them. But anyhow, who created these other names?

**A:** Ancient advanced civilization.

**Q:** (Mark) When were the names created?

**A:** 50 kya.

**Q:** (Mark) What language is it?

**A:** Variation on early Atlantean.

**Q:** (L) So I guess that answers where it came from. Okay.

(Z...) In the last session, it was asked, "Is there some kind of cosmic law about consuming the young of other creatures?" And the answer was "Close". Does this mean we should refrain from eating all baby animals like piglets, lamb, veal, etc.?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) Well, is there a follow up for that?

(Joe) There's a contradiction there.

**A:** Each case is individual. Network to work out the "rules".

**Q:** (L) So that means you have to think about it. Well, I'm glad I don't have to give up my veal.

(Andromeda) Or lamb.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. \[Reading the next question by Z...\] Didn't we ask this once before, whether ancient people and kings really lived extraordinarily long lives compared to modern man?

(Gaby) I think so... It rings a bell.

(L) Yeah, I think we asked that question, but I may have asked it in a specific context. I think I asked it when I was talking about the Sumerian king list, and I asked if these kings had really lived these extremely long lifetimes. And they said no.

(seek10) Can I ask one question about that?

(L) Yeah.

(seek10) I was reading this book, [Edgar Cayce's Atlantis](https://www.amazon.com/Edgar-Cayces-Atlantis-Gregory-Little/dp/0876045123). There is an example where one priestess had lived for 6,000 years. It looks like they have some temples where they can rejuvenate and live longer. Now, it is not clear whether it is a one-off case or a generic case. Maybe that's related to this. Maybe Atlanteans could live longer.

\[Members didn't find the relevant quote from previous sessions.\]

(Joe) Would it be true to say that any historical or mythological or whatever references to human beings living very long lifespans, kings or whoever... that that relates to either alien interaction, when aliens, or undergrounders...

(L) Well, let's try to ask it in a simpler way, that's a little convoluted. Okay. So, the basic question would be, did any ancient people, kings or otherwise, live extraordinarily long lives compared to modern man?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Were some of them kings?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And these were what we would consider to be fully humans?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Chu) What factors made them live that long?

**A:** Genetics mainly.

**Q:** (L) So there were people who carried these extreme longevity genetics. Is that it?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) And where did those genetics come from?

**A:** Kantek mainly.

**Q:** (L) Do any modern people carry some of those genetics, whether in an upregulated or not condition?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) I'm assuming that for those extreme lifespans, they are not upregulated.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, is it possible under some circumstances for those genes to be activated in modern man?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Did changes in the Earth itself, say the atmosphere, the gravity, electromagnetism or some other factors, have anything to do with downregulating those types of genes?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Can anybody think of anything else? Yes, no, maybe?

(Joe) How long are we talking about?

(L) Oh yeah. How long are we talking about in terms of lifespans?

**A:** Up to 8k years maximum.

**Q:** (Several people) Wow!

(Scottie) That's crazy.

(Z...) Z... here. Can we ask if they can maybe give us some pointers on how we could upregulate those genes?

**A:** Wait for the wave to do its work, but in the meantime continue to network about health.

**Q:** (L) Okay. You said up to 8,000 years max, but what was the average?

**A:** 2500 years.

**Q:** (Joe) How many people are we talking about, who manifested this?

(L) Okay. Out of the population, how many people...?

(Niall) As a percentage.

(L) Yeah, as a percentage.

**A:** 7.

**Q:** (L) Percent?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (L) So that would be kind of similar to the distribution of longevity genes nowadays.

(Joe) How long ago did the last person live who had these genes upregulated? When was the last such person alive?

**A:** 13 kya.

**Q:** (Niall) Younger Dryas, the last Ice Age.

(Chu) Was the growth rate also slowed down, or did they grow up and then spend...? Because you'd have to be a child for like 500 years if you're going to live for 2,500.

**A:** Not a child exactly. But plasticity was prolonged.

**Q:** (Joe) So these people must have been quite remarkable to the normies in their society, then. I mean, people would have known them and said, "Hey, you're not aging, and I'm 80 now. I was a child when you were a child, but you still look like you're 25". I mean, that would be weird.

**A:** Others lived proportionally longer.

**Q:** (Joe) So this was at a time when everyone had longer lifespans than they do today?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) These are just exceptional people.

(Andromeda) Like the difference between somebody now who lives to maybe 85, and another who lives to be 120.

(L) Yeah. My uncle Bert lived to be 103, and he smoked cigars every day, ate biscuits and bacon every day of his life.

(Niall) Does this account for why they could build such vast stone structures during one lifespan?

**A:** Apples and oranges.

(Joe) We're talking about different tech for building those structures, right?

(L) Yeah. I think that maybe their lifespans, that wasn't relevant to...

(PoB) What was the average lifespan of the people who didn't have these genetics at the time?

**A:** 800 years.

**Q:** (Niall) That's ridiculously long!

(Andromeda) Wow. Maybe that's why they had all that tech. They had time to figure stuff out.

(L) Yeah, lives are just too short to figure everything out. I mean, I've worked like a freaking slave for nearly all of my life, and I am only aware of how much I don't know.

(Joe) So why then are peoples’ lives today so much shorter than they were then?

**A:** Changes in Earth and DNA.

**Q:** (Gaby) It's all different.

(L) Well, if you think about it, we've talked about dinosaurs and how... I mean, just think about how huge they grew.

(Andromeda) Gravity would have been different...

(L) Gravity had to be different, the atmosphere had to be different. I mean, how long did it take them to grow to those humongous sizes? I mean, I don't know if anybody is spending time looking at dinosaurs, but I've spent a lot of time looking at dinosaurs. And I really love it when they do the picture of the dinosaur and then they put a picture of a human next to them, so you can see the scale of these things. And I mean, how the heck...? Like the Brontosaurus. He's got this long skinny neck, and he's got this big mound of a body, and these legs bigger than elephants, of course, because they are way bigger than elephants, and they got this little mouth! I mean, how did they consume enough food...?

(Andromeda) Especially vegetation.

**Q:** (L) ...to serve their nutritional needs to grow, much less, to get around and support themselves, and do anything, and especially if they were supposedly cold-blooded? It's just staggering.

(Joe) Do people today have past lives that go back to that time?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) So anybody here, or in the group or anybody on the world today, many of them would've lived in those times?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Were those people giants?

**A:** Some.

**Q:** (Andromeda) Did they eat meat?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) How would you feel about living for 800 years?

(L) I think 800 might be okay as long as I could maintain some usefulness in the body for at least more of it. Because I mean, if you get old, like you get old now, and then that just drags on for a long time, I wouldn't want to do that! \[Laughter\]

(Chu) But Alejo pointed on the chat, you could meet somebody like Caesar and then Putin in your lifespan. That's pretty cool.

(L) Well, but if everybody else is kind of living longer, then those things wouldn't enter the equation.

(T.C.) They said 8,000 years for the maximum lifespan. Why is this such a hard stop at 8,000 years?

(L) Why is it a hard stop at 8,000 years? \[Laughter\] Leave it to T.C. to ask that question!

(Andromeda) Why not 8,050? \[Laughter\]

(L) Yeah, I mean, why not 10,000?

**A:** Genetic limitation.

**Q:** (Joe) They said in the past that it taxes the soul greatly to be in the body.

(L) Yeah. So, were these people all in soul, or were they like organic portals?

**A:** About same percentage as today. Keep in mind that "time" is selective and variable.

**Q:** (L) So they just had to bring in the time problem! So what would be 8,000 years...

(Andromeda) at another time in a different environment...

(L) ...might seem like something very different than 8,000 years would seem like to us today.

**A:** Yes. Exactly.

**Q:** (Joe) So does that mean that the typical amount of experiences that a person could have had who lived like 2,500 years on average, would be comparable to the kind of experiences we get in 4 score and 10, or 3 score and 10?

**A:** Close.

**Q:** (Joe) That's weird. Time must move faster then.

(L) Alright, move along.

**Q:** (Jacques) What are the source and causes of endometriosis?

**A:** Excess estrogen and imbalance of progesterone.

**Q:** (L) Okay. Well that's the cause or the source. I think the question meant more than just the clinical description. Is there something like diet or something?

**A:** Diet, yes. Also poisons in food, air and water. Also excess use of hormones by fertile women.

**Q:** (L) So you mean like birth control pills?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Jacques) Is there a cure for it?

**A:** Balance the hormones, but that is a tall order with so many environmental disruptors.

**Q:** (L) Well, I'll tell you, I had endometriosis, and it got cured because I got pregnant. And they do say that getting pregnant is one of the ways that you cure it. So I did. I got pregnant with my last child and once she was born, I never had it again, but I had it off and on for years. It was terrible.

(Joe) Is basic hormone replacement therapy like testosterone and estrogen for men and women generally a good idea in later life, as those levels tend to drop off?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Chu/Keyhole) This is from the Session from 14 January 2023: "(whitecoast) What is the overall toxicological and carcinogenic burden of additive-free nicotine vaporizers versus organically sourced additive-free tobacco? **A:** Slightly less." Okay, so the follow-up question is, what is the least toxic type of e-liquid composition for vaping?

**A:** Distilled water.

**Q:** (Chu) But that doesn't have any nicotine? The composition of the e-liquid is propylene glycol, glycerin, and then you add the nicotine.

(L) Right.

(Joe) They're saying just use distilled water and nicotine.

(Niall) Well, that's the first question to ask: Are these modern vape mixes healthy or detrimental?

(Chu) They already answered that.

(Joe) But so the idea is add nicotine to the water and smoke it...

(Chu) But the idea is that you need something oily, I think. Keyhole, correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think you can put just water in these gadgets.

(Andromeda) You can make a gadget that takes water. \[laughter\]

(L) Yeah. Well, you asked the question, the least toxic type of e-liquid composition.

(Niall) Everything is toxic to some degree about distilled little water, so...

(L) All right.

**Q:** (L) Okay. There is a question about a wave of murders in Mexico that has been marked by the editorial board as not of general interest. Therefore, I'm not going to ask you... I don't like to ask those kinds of questions anyway because you're asking them to violate free will by identifying somebody. I mean, just think about it, if somebody is a murderer and they're trying to keep themselves hidden and you go and try to identify them and expose them, that's kind of like a violation and it can really come back and hit you hard. Okay. Next question...

(Cosmos) On 19 May, 2024, a helicopter crashed in Iran and killed the president of Iran, Ebrahim Raisi, and Foreign Minister Hossein Amir-Abdollahian and six other people. What caused the crash?

**A:** CIA.

**Q:** (Niall) Does the Iranian government know that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And how was it done?

**A:** Jamming and signals sent into the prepared mind of the pilot.

**Q:** (Joe) So, the Iranian government didn't mention that it was sabotage. They said it was an accident and they didn’t in any way suggest there was any skullduggery involved. Is that because they didn't have any evidence?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) But they just suspect, I suppose, that it was CIA?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And the CIA killed him in order to...

(L) I mean, geez, what would the news article sound like? Well, the Iranian government says that they use some kind of mind control signals on the pilot, some kind of jamming technology...

(Niall) That's some pretty high tech stuff. If they can do that to the Iranian president, they can do that to Putin, surely?

**A:** Proximity is required.

**Q:** (Joe) Yeah, they were coming from Azerbaijan.

(L) Okay, next question:

(Ben) In October, 2023, a swab was taken from a sheep carcass found in the UK and it was analyzed. A large black animal had been witnessed near the carcass. A DNA sequence almost identical to one in leopards was found. Was this a genuine finding of material from a leopard feeding on the carcass?

**A:** Close

(Ben) Are the many reports of "big black cats" in the UK sightings of window fallers?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So that's why it's close. It's not...

(Joe) Are there some actual panthers or leopards roaming around in the UK for a number of years?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (L) So all of them are window fallers?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) And they're able to leave traces of DNA, I guess.

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Andromeda) That's interesting.

**A:** They are temporarily "real".

**Q:** (Joe) And they have the same DNA as big cats from 3D.

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) Okay. Next:

(Approaching Infinity) In 2015, in the context of Missing 411 cases, you said that berries were, "Convenient markers for TDARM-type technology due to sound frequency." In the last session, however, you said TDARM tech wasn't used in physical abductions. Since Missing 411 involved the permanent physical removal of the victim, what is the "TDARM-type tech" used in these cases and for what purpose?

(L) Okay, well first of all, I don't think all Missing 411 cases involve the permanent physical removal of the victim. Approaching Infinity?

(Approaching Infinity) It's the vast majority, but correct.

(L) Okay, so the vast majority are just disappearing, gone forever.

(Approaching Infinity) Yeah.

**Q:** (L) Okay. But a lot of them are returned. Okay. So what is the TDARM-type tech used in these cases and for what purpose? Okay, wait a minute, now... There's something else here. You said TDARM tech wasn't used in physical abductions. Okay...

**A:** Physical abductions are not necessarily the same as 411 cases. Physical abductions were discussed in the context of "alien abductions." 411-type cases are often done for different reasons. There is a certain element of opportunism present in the latter. In the former, there is usually a specific targeting and a purpose.

**Q:** (L) Okay. So, in alien abductions, they usually target somebody and the various elements of an alien abduction come into play where the person is compelled to do something or feels something or whatever, and they are taken, I guess. In the 411 cases...

(Andromeda) And usually returned.

(L) Well, we're talking about the ones where they're actually physically abducted and not returned.

(Andromeda) Right. Okay.

(L) So and in the 411 cases there's opportunism. So because...

(Chu) Like all the people running in a specific place or...

(Scottie) Yeah, the people who go off into the wilderness are making themselves targets.

(L) Okay. Does that have anything to do with, I mean the opportunistic nature of it has something to do with the whole berry bush element, that that's part of the...

(Andromeda) Or certain other themes like being near water or in certain places or of a certain disability or something that happens to be...

(Niall) Or certain genetic heritage.

(Andromeda) Genetic heritage. Yeah. One time it was athletic people, or Germans, or...

(L) And so those elements relate to the technological aspect of it, is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Whereas none of those things need to be present for a strictly targeted alien abduction. Is that correct?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) So then he wants to know: What is the TDARM-type tech used in these cases?

**A:** Do you have a week or so? And the ability to evade abduction yourself?

**Q:** (L) In other words, don't ask that question.

(L) If we said we had a week or so, would you tell us?

**A:** No.

**Q:** (Scottie) Well, they could have just said like, "the Abduct-o-Matic 9000" or something... \[laughter\]

(L) The Abduct-o-Matic 9000?! Where do you guys come up with this? \[laughter\]

(Andromeda) With certain settings.

(Niall) Maybe Scottie just got that from the C's...

(L) Now they're going to abduct you. They're coming after you, Scottie!

(Approaching Infinity) Laura, I've got just a comment on that because I like the response, but that wasn't entirely what I was interested in. I'm just wondering... because the way TDARM tech has been described in the context of abductions is that they basically pull out your soul imprint and then re-molecularize a body in 4D, and then de-molecularize it and put the soul imprint back. I was initially wondering if the TDARM was basically used to de-molecularize an actual physical body and take it away, or if there's another purpose to it?

(L) Well then ask that question. Is a TDARM-type tech, can it be used to de-molecularize a living human body and remove it?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And is that why they have such odd leavings at some of the sites, because the body has been kind of de-molecularized out of its clothes or something?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) Settings weren't perfect. \[laughter\]

(L) I tell you, it just gets deeper and deeper. Okay. Are you happy, Approaching Infinity?

(Approaching Infinity) Yes.

(Joe) Do you have the ability to evade abduction yourself?

(Approaching Infinity) Um, we'll see... \[laughter\]

(L) Don't go wandering in the woods near berry bushes. Okay, now Approaching Infinity has another question:

(Approaching Infinity) What is it about the flesh of mutilated animals that makes predators avoid eating it and in some cases for the flesh to not decompose for a very long time?

**A:** The presence of a time lock of 4D that is a side effect of the event.

**Q:** (Joe) So if there was a 4D bleedthrough, like they mentioned in the last session about those sheep and stuff, for a section of 4D comes and so on, if that were to happen and someone here was viewing it or was there in the area, would they see those sheep for example, or whatever was in that 4D bleedthrough area? Would people still be able to see it or does it disappear from their vision?

**A:** Some would see, but most would not.

**Q:** (L) Is that because of the time lock element, that it locks the time and there's a skip, and then the time starts again and the people viewing don't see anything because it happened in that skip?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Andromeda) So it sounds like the time lock doesn’t work on some?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, next, Joe and Niall might have questions about Michael Mosley. Who's Michael Mosley?

(Joe) Remember that famous UK TV doctor who was in the Greek islands who went missing?

(L) All right, quick question about Michael Mosley.

(Joe) What happened to him? He was on a Greek island.

(L) Yeah. And then he disappeared and then he was found someplace...

(Joe) On a very small Greek island with few trees. He disappeared for five days and then was found dead five days later.

(Niall) In a place they searched multiple times...

(Joe) Right next to a holiday resort! Has all the hallmarks of Missing 411, but we just want to check.

(L) Is this one of these 411 cases?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) And it was just opportunistic?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) So the fact that he was a famous TV doctor had no bearing on the event?

**A:** No

(L) Next question:

(seek10) When were the bits and pieces of information packaged into the Vedas? Was it before the Younger Dryas Event around 16,000 BCE?

**A:** Yes

(seek10) Where were they packaged together, in the Indian subcontinent or in the Caucasus?

**A:** On the way but mainly India.

**Q:** (seek10) Vdeveer Arya's hypothesis is that the south Indian Kingdoms (AKA early Dravidian) were created by migrants from submerged Dwarika in India's West coast during or after the Noah's flood event. Is this correct?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (seek10) The C's mentioned that there were Asian Tribes and number 3 prototype Neanderthals before the Aryan Iranian farmer invasion into India around 6249 BCE (20-october-1994). Were the Asian Tribes the C's mentioned were the descendants of the Paranthas (AKA Dravidians)?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ennio) Does the information about the frequency fence stalling members in the US from seeing and doing apply to the seeming hesitancy many have to move to better locations, and perhaps form groups for better living situations?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ennio) If yes, does this apply to members in other regions of the world like Europe and Asia or elsewhere?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Ennio) And if all or some of this is more or less true, do you have any additional advice to those on and in the fence?

(L) How can you be IN the fence?

(Joe) On the fence or within the frequency fence. It's a pun!

(L) Oh... You're in the fence, therefore you're on the fence! \[laughter\]

(Scottie) He was being clever!

(L) Ah, geez... Do you have any additional advice to those on and in the fence about all this?

**A:** Use your rational mind and remember history.

**Q:** (L) So, now, hlat:

(hlat) On the subject of the two hats in 2019, the event was related to a timeline merge that was characterized as good and the result of current events of a positive nature, whereas three years later, it was characterized as a negative sign of 4D STS attack. Was the first answer skewed? And if so, by whom?

**A:** No. Refer to discussion about suffering at the beginning of this session.

**Q:** (L) So I guess that answers the next question: Why was the two hats attack originally labeled as a good thing? Because it ended up being a good thing even though it was a lesson. Okay:

(A Jay) A number of people across the internet have claimed they have no inner monologue. Similarly, a researcher specializing in inner experience claims that some people never experience inner speech. Both claims, however, rely solely on people's self reports. Is it true that some people never experience inner speech?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (A Jay) If so, why?

**A:** OP.

**Q:** (L) Does that mean that they just think in images?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Well, that's weird. I never heard of that.

(Joe) But do they think at all when they're not actually actively...

**A:** No

**Q:** (L) So they don't really think. They're reaction machines.

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) It's like a monkey doing back flips in their brain?

(A Jay) Laura, I have a follow up to it. So the researcher was saying that some people have inner speech and some people don't. And similarly, there's a total of five different inner experience: inner voice, inner vision, emotions, sensations or sensory awareness, and also unsymbolized thinking. So they said that the people who don't experience inner speech are OPs. Does that then extend out to the other five methods of inner experience that this researcher talks about?

**Q:** (L) So name the second inner experience?

(A Jay) Inner visualization.

(L) Okay.

(A Jay) Emotion, sensory awareness and unsymbolized thinking.

**A:** Emotion is body swarms, not a thinking style.

**Q:** (L) And what's the next one? Okay, there's inner visualization... Is inner vision... Okay. Well, the question I would have is: Do the people who do not have inner speech have all the others, or do they just have nothing?

(A Jay) Are you asking me?

(L) Yes. You're the one that was researching it.

(A Jay) So it seems like some people who don't experience inner speech do experience some of these other things, although it is not a hundred percent clear to me to what extent there is or is not an overlap. Some people experience all five. Some people seem to lack one or two, but I'm not entirely clear and I haven't read that much yet to know whether it is...

**A:** Do more research to clarify questions. We are not here to do the work for you.

**Q:** (L) I mean the C’s have said, talked about emotions and that most emotions that people feel are just chemical. And a lot of it is happening in your gut, which is why you feel it in your gut. It's not a thinking style.

(Niall) Not a thinking style. So that was kind of a comment to the researchers.

(Joe) The problem is that those kind of emotional chemical body swarms give rise to thinking and then action based on them.

(L) Yeah, they definitely do. I mean, that's what Mouravieff and Gurdjieff talked about. People thinking with their emotions or being...

(Joe) Or reacting to emotional stimuli and developing narratives or theories based on them.

(Andromeda) Yeah, or even if they don't have the ability to do that with an internal monologue, they could still react to emotions.

(L) Yeah, so if they're having emotions and they don't have any ability to think with a monologue, like ask themselves...

(Andromeda) Like to talk themselves out of anything!

(L) Yeah. I mean, you got to be able to talk yourself out of stuff. Talk yourself down! \[laughter\]

(Ryan) Laura, would it be relevant to ask the question: What is the primary difference between the inner experience of an OP and a souled person?

(Joe) It's a bit general.

(L) Yeah. I don't know if you can... I mean, maybe we just got the clue from the previous question, which was the inner monologue maybe. Is that our clue to the primary difference between the inner landscape of an OP and a souled person?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Is it more or less the ability to kind of see yourself to have an observer in a certain sense?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Because the inner speech kind of denotes an observer. You're talking to yourself or that one part of you is talking to some other part of you.

(Andromeda) But can OPs do that to any extent as well?

**A:** No

**Q:** (Chu) But it's still a rare phenomenon not to have inner monologue, right?

(L) Well, I don't know. We don't know how rare it is. We don't have enough information. I mean, A Jay did us dirty! He didn't have enough information! \[laughter\]

(A Jay) I've tried to find that number of how many people the researcher has come across that don't have that inner feature and inner monologue and the best number that I can find for him is somewhere between 30 and 50%.

(Chu) Whoa!

(Gaby) Jesus.

(L) That's about right.

(Andromeda) Holy cow.

(L) That's scary.

(A Jay) But it was only in one article that he said that, and I'm having a difficult time tracking down how he came to that conclusion.

(L) Well, another question would be, I mean it would occur to me was if a person doesn't have inner speech, would they even know it?

(Joe) Exactly. If you ask them do they have an inner monologue? They go, what's an inner monologue? What do you mean inner monologue? Would you find a lot of them at Biden rallies? \[laughter\] Anyway, carry on...

(L) Well, it does seem that a lot of the lefties are just driven purely by emotion: reaction machines. Completely brainwashed.

(Niall) I've been wondering about them. Why did many supporters of Biden appear to suddenly realize that he's senile during or immediately following the last presidential debate?

**A:** Because the media gave tacit permission.

**Q:** (L) Well, I was looking today and they showed a screen of, I don't know, what was it... of the expressions of the media pundits or something during the debate, and their faces were just horrified! So that's kind of sending a lot of signals.

(Joe) Is Biden...

(L) You're not on the question list! \[laughter\]

(Andromeda) You're not on the list!

(Joe) How likely is it that Biden's going to recuse himself?

**A:** Likely enough.

**A:** (Joe) And then we'll have Kamala.

(L) I think if he recuses himself, he'll wait.

(Joe) Yeah, so they can shoo-in Kamala.

(L) Yeah. So...

(Andromeda) Ew.

(L) Okay.

(Aiming) When you comment about a person that they are a great soul like you did with Jordan Peterson, how do you define a great soul?

**A:** How would you?

**Q:** (L) So how would you define it? Aiming?

(Aiming) No, it's a good question, but I was actually hoping the C's would give their answer. So let me think about it and I'll come back with an answer. I guess a great soul would be one with lots of knowledge, with a mission to help others, to help others learn, and to just help other people to grow their souls. Something along those lines. That's what I think. Yeah.

(L) All right, then. That wasn't hard, was it?

(Joe) I think it was probably related to the question of how can a great soul, which Jordan Peterson maybe fits the bill for, how can he... We know that he was programmed and stuff, right? They said in the last session that he was programmed during his coma, but the one thing that stands out is his attitude towards the situation in Gaza. You have a really clear cut...

(L) He has a HUGE block.

(Joe) ...example of someone, of one part of the country, literally just slaughtering people, wholesale, completely defenseless. So that's some bodacious programming where you take someone who is a great soul and turn them into that...

**A:** He will come to himself with horror eventually.

**Q:** (L) Well, I dunno...

(Niall) He better cry a lot.

(Joe) He better do a lot of crying.

(L) I mean, if the stuff that's going on hasn't brought somebody to themselves...

(Joe) He better come out and smack down those Zionists in a big way to make up for it.

**Q:** (L) Okay, Mark:

(Mark) What is the process of a soul being born into 4D from 5D, assuming that they're ready to go to 4D? Is there a mother and father that conceive a child similar to 3D?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, PoB:

(PoB) Is it possible to reincarnate in what we perceive as the past?

**A:** Yes.

**Q:** (Joe) Is it possible to reincarnate in what we perceive as the future?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) We've already asked: Is it possible to have multiple incarnations simultaneously? And they've said yes. So I mean, kind of like all options are on the table.

(Joe) Well... time and stuff, right?

(L) Time is selective and variable.

(Joe) All the people in the past are all reincarnated, right? Is that true?

(Chu) Or they never reincarnated...

(Joe) ...and they're in 5D.

(PoB) Not necessarily.

(Joe) So people in the past have either reincarnated or are in 5D, so they can't be in the past. There is nobody in the past.

**A:** Not so simple.

**Q:** (PoB) But if it's possible that it means that the soul can have experience from the future while living in earlier times?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (PoB) That's huge.

(Chu) So some prophets could be remembering past lives rather than predicting the future?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) I think there are so many possibilities, and I think that 4D and all the other rest of it is so strange that we can't even conceive of the strangeness of it. I mean, just think about the distance between us and 2D critters, and then imagine something exponential to that between us and 4D. I mean, Ra said we can't even plumb the depths of 4D mentation and all that sort of thing. So we ain't at the top of the food chain anymore! All right, so that's the last question.

(Chu) Good job.

(Joe) I got some. They're super short though.

**Q:** (L) Oooh... All right.

(Joe) There was a recent study.

(L) Remember I'm a sick person. \[laughter\]

(Joe) Okay. There are recent studies showing xylitol and similar alcohol sugar-type artificial sweeteners may be linked to blood platelet abnormalities and clotting. Are these studies reliable?

**A:** Generally, yes.

**Q:** (Joe) So there goes xylitol. Okay, there's a device based on polarity reversal. It's this little box. You put it in your house and it reverses the polarity of...

(Scottie) It is supposed to push water in humid walls back down into the Earth. And it sounds like it makes sense. And so we researched it and there's like nobody who can tell you, does this thing work or not? And they're expensive.

(Joe) They're expensive, and we're thinking of getting it for the humidity problem in the house. We're wondering if it would just be wasted money or whether there's any, if it's actually something that works and will be useful for the purpose that it is sold for, which is to reduce the rising of water table and humidity in the ground coming up into the walls on the floors of your house somehow reversing the polarity of the water.

(Andromeda) It's an electromagnetic thing, isn't it?

(Scottie) It emits audio frequency, electromagnetic waves, which is supposed to reverse when water starts seeping into walls. It does it via capillarity, but then also because water molecules are polarized, like plus and minus in, they tend to kind of...

**A:** Imagine what it might do to the body!

**Q:** (Joe) That was our question as well. If it would have a negative effect on people?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Okay, so it's not a good idea then.

(Scottie) So it does work?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Scottie) But it also works on humans.

(Andromeda) It works, but it changes our capillarity as well, right?

(Scottie) We would shrivel up and turn into human raisins.

(Joe) All your water would go down to your feet.

(Scottie) Our feet would swell up like balloons.

(L) I don't need any help with that. \[laughter\]

(Joe) Oh, one last question. Gaza, how many Palestinians have been actually killed by Israel in Gaza compared to the official number of 40,000?

**A:** Over 100k.

**Q:** (Joe) Is Israel going to get smashed for doing that?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Tomorrow?

**A:** Not yet.

> Laura’s note: [The Lancet estimates](https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(24)01169-3/fulltext) that when you count indirect deaths (illness, starvation, etc.) already close to 8% of the Gaza population has died. And that's a "conservative estimate". That is, 186K people…

**Q:** (L) Do we have anything coming up on the chat?

(Joe) Oh! People were talking about nicotine and vaping nicotine. Is vaping nicotine, if it was done in, let's say, with the distilled water and a very clean way, is that better than smoking combusting tobacco?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (Joe) Because it doesn't have the negative effects, okay.

(PoB) But not with glycerin.

(Chu) Well, that's what we were trying to get at with the question is, if you use the vape until we figure out a better method, is the 70/30 ratio better than 50/50?

(L) 70/30 ratio of what?

(Chu) 70% propylene glycol, 30% glycerin. Or 50/50?

**A:** Latter.

**Q:** (Chu) Supposedly that's the minimum you can do two for the vape to work.

(L) All right, go to the top and let me see what these questions are.

(Ant22) Is pedophilia particularly bad in terms of crimes against the soul?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay, go down... Keep going. The Man From Earth, a movie about a guy who lives forever and who's been around since the stone age. That would be interesting. Okay, keep going on, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going. No, wait a minute. Go back up to that one... Question about the time lock:

(Ryan) Does this technology work by the fourth or fifth dimensions without affecting the three main spatial ones?

**A:** Close

**Q:** (L) That's all you're going to get.

(Andromeda) It would affect the third density to some extent, right? If it affects the meat of the...

(L) Yeah. Okay, keep going. Those with no inner speech, do they replay TV commercials? We don't know, but, \[sings\] "My Bologna has a first name..." Oh, that's interesting:

(Sinapi) My grandma was a language teacher, but she had to tell her students that she thought in pictures not German or English.

(L) That must have been difficult to be a language teacher. If you don't think in words.

(L) She has Alzheimer's now. Okay, keep going. What about hookah water pipe, tobacco? You're still burning it. Who are they most likely to replace Biden with? Kamala. Let's just wait and see. I don't want to know. Is it okay to use a pendulum strictly for questions pertaining to oneself?

**A:** Sure but beware.

**Q:** (L) Okay:

(hlat) There's one hat now? Both had disappeared.

(Laura) Yeah, both disappeared. And then one reappeared. We have one now.

(JEEP) Do water smart meters destroy the water in any way?

(Laura) Why would they destroy the water? They're just metering it.

(Scottie) Because many of them are wireless.

(L) You mean do they affect the water in some way?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) And is that a negative effect?

**A:** Yes

**Q:** (L) Okay. Go on.

(Chu) That's it.

(L) All right, people. My back really is hurting.

(seek10) Can I ask one last question?

(L) I just said my back hurts. Go ahead. If it's a hard question, it's going to be...

(seek10) No, it should be straightforward. So last time C’s validated that Haplogroup F signal (from Y-chromosome DNA studies) diverging out of India because of the nuclear war. The [haplogroup F from splits into H, K](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Genetics_and_archaeogenetics_of_South_Asia#/media/File:Migraciones_humanas_en_haplogrupos_de_ADN-Y.PNG) etc. My suspicion is that the “K” signal is the Kantek signal. At the time there was a big calamity, Atlantean civilization was the biggest one. But if Kantek people came from that kiev portal, there should be some signal coming out from Russia, Ukraine, that region around that time. For whatever reason in these studies, it doesn't show up. So my question is, is it deliberately suppressed or it's just not there?

(L) I think the signal should come from somewhere around the Caucasus, don't you think?

(seek10) Right, yes. Around that region.

(L) And you say there's no signal?

(seek10) Yeah, there is no signal. The haplogroup F signal is at 50,000 years ago. But when we read Cayce's stuff, India didn't play a major civilizational role at that time. But his whole thing is about Atlantis, which works.

(L) What about 70,000?

(seek10) Oh, actually at 70,000 there is no clear signal. Okay. So the other thing is they identified these dates based on this whole carbon dating. And there are many people who say that beyond 50,000 years, carbon dating is completely useless. So yeah, Cayce seems to be focused on Atlantis, which makes sense, but somehow the “K” signal (Kantek) is going out of India. I have a suspicion that there may be some “K” signal from other areas they are deliberately suppressing.

(L) I'll have to look into it. I'll look into it. But I'll keep in mind, Cayce believed Jesus of Nazareth was real. And I've gotten to the point now after I wrote from Paul to Mark, and I saw how everything laid out. I have gotten to the point where I think that if a source doesn't see or understand the cloud surrounding the whole Jesus issue, they're being strongly influenced by wishful thinking.

(seek10) I thought it may be related to his source. He was looking at the Akashic records, so what he gets from Akashic is specific to the person he was reading for.

(L) Yeah, I suppose if you're getting it from that source, I mean, there could be enough imprinting of belief in Jesus to create some kind of signal there. Let's wrap it up.

(seek10) Thank you.

(L) I am really done here. Is there anything we should have asked that we didn't ask? Please consider it asked.

**A:** You are all doing well for now, keep in mind previous warnings. Goodbye.

**Q:** (Chu) Previous warnings about the quorum stuff from today, right?

(L) Yeah.

(Gaby) Earth changes and control.

(Joe) Don't be stampeded was one of them.

(L) Yeah. We got to keep our eyes open. Things are really getting weird.

(Joe) Ya'll don't be stampeded into anything, all right? Whatever's coming down the pike.

(L) Yeah, I mean, did everybody learn a really good lesson from the whole Covid mess and how we started discussing it from the very, very beginning and kept putting all of the relevant information together, and we were able actually to derive some pretty good conclusions just from collecting data and sharing and discussing it. So let us continue to do that no matter what comes down the pike, because I mean, I'm sorry that some of you had to take the vaccines. I hope our vaccine protocol has helped to remove that mess from the body, but every day, more and more stuff comes out about how totally evil - absolutely, totally evil - that damn vaccine was and is. I think a lot of us avoided a bullet just by the fact of networking.

(Joe) The main lesson from Covid - for me, anyway - was that idea of not being stampeded and just go, okay, everybody's just going crazy, but I'm not going to do that. Well, I'm going to leave open the idea that I might join them in going crazy, but I'm not going to do it right now. I'm going to wait and see what happens. So just wait and see what happens. Give it a couple of weeks. See if it changed. Because right now it's like, "Everybody must do this, everybody!" whatever it is. And it's like, yeah, yeah. I'll wait until all that calms down, and then I'll see what way things have panned out.

(L) One thing that's happening is more and more people are filing lawsuits either against their employers, individuals, and even states now. And states are filing lawsuits about the, well, they're filing against the vaccine companies, I think, but individuals are filing against employers. So if anybody's in a position who had to take the vaccine and they're now in a position where they could file a lawsuit, you might clean up for that one! So, just think about it.

END OF SESSION